H Share Stock Code : 03968
Preference Share Stock Code : 04614




2019 Annual Report




                                      We are here
                                           Just for you
China Merchants Bank          Contents                                                        1
Annual Report 2019



Contents

2     Important Notice
3     Definitions
3     Significant Risk Warning
4     Chairman’s Statement
7     President’s Statement
12    I Company Information
17    II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
21    III Report of the Board of Directors
      21     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
      21     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
      28     3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
      33     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
      39     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio
      42     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
      42     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
      43     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
      46     3.9 Changes in External Environment and Corresponding Measures
      57     3.10 Business Operation
      76     3.11 Risk Management
      83     3.12 Profit Appropriation
      85     3.13 Requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
      85     3.14 Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
      85     3.15 Management Contracts
      85     3.16 Permitted Indemnity Provision
87    IV Important Events
96    V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
109   VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
126   VII Corporate Governance
144   VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
145   IX Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank        Important Notice
    Annual Report 2019



    Important Notice

    1.    The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
          misleading statements or material omissions, and they will individually and collectively accept legal responsibility for
          such contents.
    2.    The 9th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was held by way of remote
          video conference on 20 March 2020. The meeting was presided by Li Jianhong, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
          17 out of 17 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. 9 Supervisors of the Company were present at the
          meeting. The convening of the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s
          Republic of China and the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..
    3.    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors of the
          Company) have separately reviewed the 2019 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally
          Accepted Accounting Principles and International Accounting Standards, and issued standard auditing reports with
          unqualified opinions.
    4.    Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this annual report are expressed in RMB.
    5.    Li Jianhong, Chairman of the Company, Tian Huiyu, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wang Liang, Executive
          Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Li Li, the person in charge of the Finance and Accounting Department,
          hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial statements in
          this annual report.
    6.    The profit appropriation plan: it was proposed that 10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2019
          of RMB86.085 billion, equivalent to RMB8.609 billion, will be allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while
          1.5% of the total amount of the risk assets, equivalent to RMB10.002 billion, will be appropriated to the general
          reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date for implementation of the
          profit appropriation, the Company will declare a cash dividend of RMB1.20 (tax included) for every share to all
          shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and
          in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual profit appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated
          based on the average benchmark rate for RMB to HKD published by the People’s Bank of China for the previous
          week (including the day of the general meeting) before the date of the general meeting. The retained profits will be
          carried forward to the next year. In 2019, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The
          above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the
          Company.
    7.    We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
          results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
          “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
          are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
          forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
          prove to be correct. Therefore they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not place
          undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
          forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
          of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
          the actual results.
China Merchants Bank        Definitions / Significant Risk Warning                                                          3
Annual Report 2019



Definitions

The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants Bank:             CMB Wealth Management:
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                  CMB Wealth Management Company Limited
The Group:                                                      China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries                       China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.
CBIRC:                                                          CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission               CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
CSRC:                                                           MUCFC:
China Securities Regulatory Commission                          Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:                               CM Securities:
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                         China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong Listing Rules:                                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK       Accountants LLP:
                                                                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
CMB Wing Lung Bank:
                                                                (Special General Partnership)
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                                                SFO:
CMB Wing Lung Group:
                                                                Securities and Futures Ordinance
CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:
                                                                Model Code:
CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
CMB International Capital or CMBIC:                             Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange
CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited




Significant Risk Warning

The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
4   China Merchants Bank          Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2019



    Chairman’s Statement

    The development and reform process of the Bank is a concerto that persists in inheritance, transformation and innovation.
    In 2019, with the strategic vision of “building the best commercial bank in China with innovation-driven development,
    leading retail banking and distinguished features”, we made unforgettable and proud achievements despite the complicated
    business environment.
    We adhered to the concept of dynamic and balanced development of quality, efficiency and scale, and continuously
    created value with high-quality growth. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for the year amounted to
    RMB92.867 billion, a year-on-year increase of 15.28%. The weighted return on average equity (ROAE) rose to 16.84%,
    which has continued to increase for three consecutive years. As at the end of 2019, the market price of our A Shares and
    H Shares rose by 53% and 43%, respectively, from the beginning of the year, hitting a record high in market capitalisation.
    At the same time, we took several measures to achieve the operational goal of “increase in both total loans and number
    of loan customers, and control of both loan quality and overall costs” of inclusive finance and control the grant of real
    estate loans. We consistently implemented the financial supply-side reform, prevented and mitigated major risks and
    satisfied various regulatory requirements for supporting the development of real economy. We continuously optimised
    asset allocation among major asset categories. As a result, the asset quality continued to improve, the amount and ratio of
    non-performing loans both declined for three consecutive years, capital maintained its internal generation capacity, and the
    core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio kept rising, thus achieving a high-quality growth in a stable and controllable manner.
    We are determined to transform and innovate, sow the seeds of innovation and explore possibilities for new business
    models. Embracing the concept of coexistence and co-development and focusing on high-frequency living scenarios, we
    cooperate with business partners to provide high-quality services for customers. The Company explored opportunities of
    building a new and open ecological model by convening a partnership conference held by commercial banks for the first
    time, at which the Company initiated the establishment of the “Forerunners’ Alliance” to participate in coffee retail, travel
    booking and movie ticket sales. Provisions about Fintech investment, market-based labour recruitment and allocation
    mechanism and remuneration and incentive system were added into the Articles of Association. We keep on optimising our
    staff’s career development path and strengthen recruitment of and training given to Fintech talents. The establishment of
    the “Egg Shell” communication platform is to grow the culture of “equality and inclusiveness”. In 2019, the Company was
    among the top five on the list of China’s Best Employers of the Year compiled by Zhaopin.com. As such, our systems and
    talents are well positioned to support innovation-driven development in the long run.
    As a responsible corporate citizen we actively deliver our social responsibility. Poverty alleviation efforts have not stopped
    for the past two decades for Wuding County and Yongren County of Yunnan Province. Specifically, poverty relief through
    simultaneous development in education, industries and culture is taken forward to build self-development capacity in these
    areas. Today, Yongren County has been lifted out of poverty while Wuding County has come a long way and is not far
    from freeing itself from poverty. In the battle against the COVID-19 pandemic, we donated money to support Wuhan in no
    time to facilitate the construction of the Huoshenshan hospital and Leishenshan hospital in Wuhan, provide convenience to
    companies to purchase urgently needed medical supplies from overseas by opening a “Green Passage” for remittances, and
    provide loan term extensions and other measures to help companies resume work and production. Drawing on the Bank’s
    stable, efficient, and convenient Fintech operation, high-quality online services are available for individuals and businesses to
    participate in donation drives, among other ways to support the nationwide effort to win the battle against the pandemic
    and ensure the stable operation of the national economy.
    Marking the advent of the third decade of the 21st century, this year is going to see more tumultuous changes in world
    development trend and political landscape. The COVID-19 pandemic has huge adverse impact on worldwide economy,
    society, finance and local people’s lives, poses severe challenges to the state’s governance system and capability and has
    caused serious reflection among people. The China’s banking industry is met with both challenges and opportunities: On the
    one hand, the economic growth rate of China trends downward; the Sino-US trade relation is mired in great uncertainty;
    interest rate liberalisation is taken further; and banking disintermediation among young customers is underway, all of which
    pose grave challenges to the operation and management of banking industry. On the other hand, it is evident that the
    quality of China’s economic development is right on an improving trend and financial supply-side reforms are taken forward,
    which coupled with the growing wealth of residents and deepening of technology applications, as well as the structural and
    long-lasting opportunities opened up by the pandemic-caused changes in living, production and business models, will fuel
    the high-quality development of the banking industry.
China Merchants Bank   Chairman’s
                       III Chairman’s
                                   Statement
                                      Statement                 5
Annual Report 2019



Chairman’s Statement




                                                  Li Jianhong
                                                  Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2019


    How to overcome challenges, seize opportunities and make new achievements for the Bank? Our answer remains
    unchanged, that is, adhering to inheritance, transformation and innovation.
    Without characteristics, there is no competitiveness. The Bank will adhere to its long established retail banking
    characteristics, give full play to the innovation of the “openness and integration” model and the digital innovation
    achievements, and forge new characteristics for our businesses with a wide range of connections, multiple connection
    points and a high degree of digitalisation.
    Without innovation, there is no foundation for everlasting growth. In the long run, the Bank will use Fintech to gain
    insights into customer needs, improve service methods and improve operation efficiency, while continuously improving the
    model innovation for building an ecosystem with partners. At the same time, it will further increase its efforts in digital
    transformation, continuously accumulate and consolidate innovation capabilities, further enhance our capabilities in digital
    customer acquisition, business operation and risk control, promote continuous improvement in operation and management
    efficiency, so as to form a sustainable, scalable, iterative and upgrading innovation system for the Bank.
    Without sound risk control, there is no cornerstone for development. The Bank will continue to consolidate and enhance
    the sound and prudent risk culture, continuously improve the risk management system, eliminate weaknesses, blind spots
    and dead corners, optimise the allocation of major asset classes, and strengthen the management of various non-traditional
    risks.
    Without mechanism guarantee, there is no momentum for transformation. The Bank will uphold the corporate governance
    system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, while insisting on,
    and constantly enriching and improving the market-oriented incentive mechanism, so as to provide the reassurance and
    support of systems and mechanisms for the transformation and innovation of the Bank.
    Without cultural heritage, there is no spiritual source. The Bank will pass on the heritage of “China Merchant family and
    Shekou gene (招商血脈， 蛇口基因)” and, with the courage of “daring to become the pioneer” and adoption of a fault
    tolerance mechanism, promote the “win-win” sharing culture. We will always keep at our original aspiration to business
    transformation and reform, overcome economic cycles, seize opportunities, and challenge ourselves, so as to foster a
    cultural atmosphere of “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness”.
    2020 is the final year for China to develop into a well-off society and accomplish the 13th Five-Year Plan. The Bank will
    work relentlessly to “outrun the market and outperform its peers” with stunning performance, create greater value and
    open a new chapter of strong growth!




    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Chairman




    20 March 2020
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                               7
Annual Report 2019



President’s Statement

We remained energised and in good shape and delivered another satisfactory performance in 2019. As at the end of the
year, total assets of the Bank reached RMB7.42 trillion, 9.95% higher than the end of the previous year. Net operating
income and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB269.788 billion and RMB92.867 billion,
a year-on-year increase of 8.59% and 15.28%, respectively. We continued to record an increase in ROAA and ROAE, a
decline in both the balance and percentage of non-performing loans and a rise in the allowance coverage ratio. More
importantly, we have opened up new room for future development: monthly active users (MAU) of CMB APP and CMB
Life APP exceeded 100 million. Digital transformation of retail finance is burgeoning as corporate finance digitalisation is
consolidating. Our cloud computing is in a leading position and features an open digital infrastructure cloud platform. We
are gaining more efficient growth while keeping our asset growth in check. We have gone beyond the expansion stage
centering on scale and structural enlargement and are now devoted to exploring the digital era.

These results are acquired through the abiding supports and encouragement from hundreds of millions of customers, which
urged us to keep our commitment that “we are here just for you”, and we change for you in step with the situation. The
results are also attributed to the Fintech revolution over the past decade which has defined the characteristics of the Bank’s
new business model. They are also achieved through our unswerving strategic resolve over the past decade: a deeper
transformation for “Light-operation Bank”, which has been constantly levered by the technology benefits of “All-in-one
Card” and the Bank’s head start in retail banking brought forth by “The First Transformation”.

After the first half of the transformation, our “Light Assets” operation achieved remarkable results, giving us the courage
to abandon the dependence on “sheer scale” and seize the opportunity to succeed in structure. As the transformation of
“Light-operation Bank” progressed, we recognised that the power of science and technology was the only force that may
subvert the business model of commercial banks, and to truly help us realise “Light Operation” and “Light Management”.
Therefore, we take a clear-cut stand to build a Digital Bank with the focus on exploring new digital business models for
development stage 3.0 in the second half of the transformation.

Facing the digital world, we are growing in constant collisions with reality, and our biggest gain is that the entire
organisation has gradually gotten a feeling about digital transformation, just as we have felt about services in the retail
business over the past decade, which has deeply penetrated into the core of our systematic ability. We are constantly
subverting our cognition through trials and errors: we followed our customers into new living scenarios, but found
ourselves as strangers. We strived to forge digital operations, but found that the infrastructure is not sufficient enough. We
wanted to gear into the fast lane of technology advancement, but felt that the organisational evolvement lagged behind.
We wanted to simplify our organisation, but found that the culture is not open and inclusive enough, which made us falter.
We saw our ignorance and insignificance among the stars of the Fintech in the digital era.

We keep a low-profile like an ignorant teenager to embrace the golden digital era. With curiosity and awe, we are
enthusiastically looking for the key to unlock our digital doors: openness and integration.
8   China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2019


    Openness is to seek service opportunities. In the digital era, for customers, finance is just a tool, personal life and
    business operations are the purpose. Humdrum and isolated financial services are becoming more and more difficult to
    reach customers. We must follow in the footsteps of customers to identify and adopt the new channel connecting to
    financial services in the digital era. We will build or cut into customers’ financial service ecosystem. The construction of
    CMB’s retail finance-based ecological service platform based on CMB APP and CMB Life APP has begun to take shape. We
    will “bring in” companies more vigorously, build an ecosystem with our partners, focus on forming advantageous scenarios
    to cultivate and strengthen user habits. We must stride to “go out”, open type II and type III accounts, and output financial
    service capabilities through API interface to establish a wider ecological alliance. The digitalisation of business operations
    is an important entrance for customer services in the future. We will seek to use enterprise digital services as the initial
    product offer to help corporate customers construct their own industrial Internet, and use asset management ecological
    services as the tipping point to participate in ecosystem construction of financial institution customers.

    Integration is to improve service capability. In the digital era, market competition is no longer competition in individual
    products and business lines, but the competition in the overall ecosystems. This requires us to break down the internal
    silos and erase business boundaries, draw in energetic forces to act on the market, serve customers, increase service value
    through service packages, and enhance service stickiness. Openness and integration are two sides of the same coin. Only
    with openness can we obtain access to more services and richer customer needs, so as to stimulate the ability to integrate;
    only through integration can we form a complete service ecosystem and further create value for openness.

    Openness and integration go with new requirements for our organisational evolution and management upgrades.
    We are committed to breaking down boundaries in both organisation and operation to forge more task-oriented teams.
    We work hard to improve middle office capabilities and foster an empowering organisation: build an open, agile and
    iterative system at middle office, decouple the system, achieve modular-based and product-based functions, and open up
    all business systems starting from basic setting of technologies. We aim to build a middle office with strong data capability,
    regard data as core assets, connect internal and external data and improve the big data governance system. We strive to
    build a pro-business middle office, build a powerful “General Staff Section”, empower the market and reduce the burden
    of front office staff. We expect to build a virtuous cycle where middle office empowers front office, which in turn improves
    the iteration of middle office, so that the organisation of the Bank can be self-evolved.

    The root of openness and integration is the change of culture. Culture is the primary level of productivity and is a
    tacit value network that links individuals and connects individuals and organisations. If management is a process of filling
    a container, then system is the stone, the manager is sand and corporate culture is water. Corporate culture, like water, is
    ubiquitous and nourishing. With an organisation’s cultural consciousness, many issues that cannot be covered by system
    and people can be addressed.
China Merchants Bank   President’s
                       III Chairman’s
                                   Statement
                                      Statement                9
Annual Report 2019



Chairman’s Statement




                                                  Tian Huiyu
                                                  President
10   China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2019


     The deepest level of “Light-operation Bank” transformation is light culture. The advocation of “Simple Work Style”
     signifies our resolve to foster the new corporate culture of “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness”, so that every
     employee can do the right thing genuinely. The greatest common denominator of value among more than 70,000 CMB
     staffs will synchronise with hundreds of millions of customers, forming the ultimate protective shield for CMB.

     At the start of 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic spreading across the globe has brought substantial impacts on
     the real economy and the financial industry. But we firmly believe that the crisis cannot change the century-long path of
     China’s rise to a great power. Bill Gates once said “We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two
     years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.” We will learn from this crisis. In the face of crisis, it is
     more important to respond proactively than to predict the outcome. We are convinced that adhering to original aspirations,
     following the rules, getting closer to customers and the market, proactively embracing change, quick trialing, fast learning
     and rapid evolution are the best ways to deal with the crisis.

     The pandemic not only made us more care about vegetables, masks, relatives and friends, but also made us more faithful
     in the value of openness, integration and sharing. We cannot predict the future, but firmly believe that only by opening up
     and integrating more thoroughly and participating in shaping the future can we have a brighter tomorrow.

     Road ahead is long and hard. Persist, success is in card. Pure thoughts are issues which remain unresolved until we work on
     it.




     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
     President




     20 March 2020
China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement                                          11
Annual Report 2019




                                               Liu Yuan
                                               Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
12   China Merchants Bank      Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2019



     Company Information

     1.1 Company Profile
           1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司 (Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
                 Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

           1.1.2 Legal Representative: Li Jianhong
                 Authorised Representatives: Tian Huiyu, Liu Jianjun
                 Secretary of the Board of Directors: Liu Jianjun
                 Joint Company Secretaries: Liu Jianjun, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
                 Securities Representative: Huo Jianjun

           1.1.3 Registered and Office Address:
                 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China

           1.1.4 Mailing Address:
                 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
                 Postcode: 518040
                 Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
                 Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                 E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
                 Website: www.cmbchina.com
                 Hotline for complaints on customer service: 95555-7
                 Hotline for consumer rights protection: +86 755 8307 7333

           1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong:
                 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

           1.1.6 Share Listing:
                 A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                           Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                           Stock Code: 600036
                 H Shares: SEHK
                           Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                           Stock Code: 03968
                 Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                              Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)
                                              Stock Code: 360028
                 Offshore Preference Shares: SEHK
                                              Abbreviated Name of Shares: CMB 17USDPREF
                                              Stock Code: 04614

           1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                   Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Center, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                                   Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Zeng Hao, Zhu Wei
                 International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                        Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank        Chapter I Company Information                                                                        13
Annual Report 2019


      1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: Jun He Law Offices
            Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills

      1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
            Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
                                                                    Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                                                                    Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
            Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
            Registrar and Transfer Agent for Offshore Preference Shares: The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV,
                                                                                 Luxembourg Branch


      1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
             Mainland China: “China Securities Journal”, “Securities Times”, “Shanghai Securities News”
                              website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Hong Kong:       website of SEHK (www.hkex.com.hk)
                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Place for maintenance of annual reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company

      1.1.11 Sponsor for Domestic Preference Shares:
             UBS Securities Co., Ltd.
             Office Address: 12th and 15th Floor, Yinglan International Financial Center, No. 7 Financial Street, Xicheng
               District, Beijing
             Sponsor Representatives: Liu Wencheng, Luo Yong
             China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
             Office Address: 27/F China Merchants Securities Building, No. 111, Fuhua 1st Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
             Sponsor Representatives: Wang Yuting, Wei Jinyang
             Continuous Supervision Period: 12 January 2018 to 31 December 2019


1.2 Corporate Business Overview
      Founded in 1987 with its head office in Shenzhen, China, the Company is a national commercial bank with
      distinctive features and brand influence in China. The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The
      Company’s distribution network primarily covers China’s major economic centres such as Guangdong-Hong Kong-
      Macao Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta and Bohai Rim, and some large- and medium- cities in other regions.
      For details, please refer to the sections headed “Distribution Channels” and “Branches and Representative Offices”.
      The Company was listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2002 and on the SEHK in September 2006.
      The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
      treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services of
      the Company, such as “All-in-one Card”, a multi-function debit card, “All-in-one Net”, a comprehensive online
      banking service platform, credit cards, the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services,
      CMB APP and CMB Life APP, CMB Corporate APP, transaction banking services and offshore business services, such
      as global cash management and trade financing, asset management, asset custody, investment banking and other
      services, have been widely recognised by consumers in China.
      In 2019, the Company actively adapted to the changes in the external and internal environment, gave full play
      to Fintech as its nuclear power engine, accelerated digital transformation and endeavored to develop itself into a
      bank that offers the best customer experience. Over the past year, the Company has delivered remarkable results in
      business development, further consolidated its customer base and steadily improved its customer service capabilities.
      In 2020, the Company will closely center on the two critical elements, i.e. customers and technologies to deepen its
      strategic transformation and promote its opening and internal integration, and strive to build the business model for
      development stage 3.0 along the way of its evolution. For details, please refer to the sections headed “Chairman’s
      Statement” and “President’s Statement”.
14   China Merchants Bank               Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2019



     1.3 Development Strategies, Investment Value and Core
         Competitiveness
           Development vision:                   Building the “Best Commercial Bank in China” with innovation-driven development,
                                                 leading retail banking and distinguished features.
           Strategic objectives:                 Closely following the direction of transforming into a “Light-operation Bank”,
                                                 accelerating the paces of our construction of the “Light-operation Bank” and
                                                 promoting the balanced development of “quality, efficiency and scale”, making
                                                 constant efforts to achieve qualitative breakthroughs in our endeavor to build us into
                                                 a Digital Bank, constantly intensifying our risk management efforts to find a final
                                                 solution, vigorously growing us into a bank that offers the best customer experience,
                                                 and further enhancing our internationalized and integrated service capabilities.
           Strategic positioning:                Adhering to our strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, whereas
                                                 “One Body” for our retail segment means to take MAU as our “North Star Metric”,
                                                 while focusing on both “customers and technologies”, aiming to establish our new
                                                 competitive edge in the era of mobile internet, and forging a new digital model for
                                                 retail finance 3.0; the “Two Wings” for our wholesale business means to be oriented
                                                 towards specialization, focusing on building a complete wholesale business system,
                                                 accelerating the digital transformation, and accomplishing the high-quality development
                                                 of the wholesale finance. We should constantly promote the in-depth integration of
                                                 “One Body with Two Wings”, building it into a complete system which can realise
                                                 organic circulation and mutual promotion, and forming a highly integrated value chain.
           Development Strategies:
           Proactively occupying the strategic dominant position in the future: Firstly, we are to accelerate the
           development of our Fintech strategy, i.e. promoting the qualitative change of the financial technology, empowering
           the digital transformation of our retail finance 3.0 as well as the upgrade of the industrial Internet model. Secondly,
           we are to implement the strategy of best customer experience, i.e. establishing a closed-loop monitoring system and
           indicator system for customer experience, conducting regular evaluations and continuously optimising our customers’
           experience. Thirdly, we are to deepen our risk management strategy, i.e. clearly defining the risk appetites,
           optimising our risk processes, and establishing a Fintech-driven risk management tool system. Fourthly, we are to
           promote the synergy efficiently, i.e. creating a coordinated “wealth management-asset management-investment
           bank” business expansion system, establishing a B2B2C customer-linked operation coordination system, and building
           a data sharing collaboration system across and beyond the bank.
           Pushing forward the transformation of the business model: Firstly, we are to create a new business model
           for retail finance 3.0, which is Fintech-armed, big data-driven, and MAU-guided, aiming to capture the strategic
           heights of future development, build a new model of online user acquisition and operation, further promote the
           digital transformation of retail finance 3.0, and build us into an exceptional bank with the best customer experience.
           Secondly, we are to promote the high-quality development of our wholesale finance. On the one hand, we must
           closely follow the direction of the development of our innovative financial services based on the industrial Internet
           and improve our industry-based comprehensive service capabilities and risk management capabilities. On the other
           hand, we are to deepen the construction of our customer segmentation and categorisation, as well as a relationship
           manager management system, and effectively promote the transformation and upgrading of the two major business
           systems, i.e. transaction banking and investment banking. Thirdly, we are to improve our expertise of comprehensive
           operation and provide our customers with high-quality and comprehensive financial services. Fourthly, we are
           to strengthen our international service capabilities and strive to build us into “a bank with the best customer
           experience in cross-border financial sector”.
           Building a strong strategic supporting system: Firstly, we are to advance our transformation towards the
           “Dual-Mode IT”1 in science and technology, i.e. adhering to the strategy of introducing the leading technologies,
           adapting to the trend of digitalised, information-based and network-based development, and enhancing our digital
           innovation capabilities. Secondly, we are to build a light-weight HR management system and grow a talent team
           with outstanding service strategy, structural optimisation, reasonable echelon and excellent ability. Thirdly, we
           are to strengthen our asset/liability and financial management, continue to improve our professional capabilities
           and efficiency in asset/liability management, and build a comprehensive, intelligent and professional financial
           management system. Fourthly, we are to further the construction of our internal control and compliance system in
           a quantified, standardised and refined way. Fifthly, we are to build a smart operating system to effectively balance
           the relationship between customer experience, operating efficiency, operating costs, and operating risks. Sixthly, we
           are to enrich and develop our CMB culture and brand, and continue to increase its differentiated advantages and
           influences.
     1
         Dual-Mode IT represents two different IT working modes, Mode I is applicable for work with explicit requirements, and Mode II is applicable for exploratory
         work.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter I Company Information                                                                         15
Annual Report 2019


      Investment Value and Core Competitiveness:
      Well-developed and refined strategic management. Adhering to the strategy-driven development, the
      Company’s strategic management has become increasingly well-developed. It has given full play to its comparative
      advantages and management potential amidst the crucial period of technological progress, industrial restructuring
      and deepening of financial market reform. The Company attains proper strategic positioning and vigorously carries
      out structural adjustment for business development, customers, channels and products in an effort to promote the
      dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”, thus navigating a differentiated development
      path with outstanding performance.
      Accelerating innovation and changes in corporate culture. With the “Shekou gene” inherited from the reform
      and opening up, the Company formulated a business philosophy of “we are here just for you”, held onto its core
      values of “service, innovation and prudence”, adhered to the distinct corporate culture that strived for excellence
      and accelerated innovation and changes in the course of its business development. In recent years, under the
      backdrop of management upgrading, the “Simple Work Style” has been proposed, and a light-operation culture of
      “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness” has gradually formed.
      Fully empowered Fintech. The Company endeavoured to build itself into a “Digital Bank”, and used Fintech
      as the locomotive to provide “nuclear power” for its transformation and development, so as to fully empower
      its business development. Through benchmarking with Fintech companies, the Company will build up the overall
      infrastructure for the Company’s financial science and technology, establish an ecological system for the business of
      the Company with an open mindset and a long-term perspective, and transform the business management model
      with the concepts and methods of Fintech so as to strengthen the capability of science and technology, promote the
      integration of technology with business and promote business agility based on agile technology.
      Well-structured layout of business plans. Leveraging on its own endowment of resources, the Company
      established a clear strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” through its focus on business and
      customers, built a professional system of “Wealth Management – Asset Management – Investment Bank”, thereby
      creating a large- number of industry-leading and distinctive businesses and forming the layout of business plans with
      a coherent structure and stronger capability to withstand cyclical risks.
      Advantageous retail finance. The retail business of the Company set an early lead in the industry and formed an
      inward development system in terms of customer base, channels, products and brands. At the same time, through
      vigorous promotion of inclusive and intensive growth and enhancement of refined management, key factors
      including the proportion of net operating income and profit contribution are among the best in the industry. The
      Company enjoys a leading advantage in its retail finance.
      Distinctive wholesale finance. The Company actively builds a market-leading wholesale finance business with
      distinctive features and leverages on its professional advantages to provide its clients with customised and integrated
      financial services. New growth engines such as investment banking, transaction banking, asset custody, asset
      management, bills and financial markets have been growing continuously and professional service capabilities have
      been affirmed and recognized by the market and customers.
      Scientific and efficient management system. Based on the principle of serving customers and boosting business
      development, the Company successfully established the comprehensive, modern and scientific risk management
      system, capital management system, operational management system, information management system,
      performance appraisal system and human resource management system of the Company which have been put in
      place and the relevant capabilities acquired can guarantee the steady development of business operation in the long
      run.
      Continuous improvement of the organisational system. In accordance with the direction of “professionalism,
      delayering and intensification”, the Company creates an efficient light management structure, establishes an end-to-
      end customer service process and builds organisational models with distinctive features, such as setting up business
      divisions in the branch level. The professionalization level and the efficiency of operation and management have
      been improving and the speed to respond to customer needs and market changes has been picking up.
      Industry-leading quality service. The Company developed a unique service model ever since it was founded.
      Through its long-term practice, it has established its service concept of “we are here just for you”. We attach
      importance to the customer service experience, proactively promote service upgrading, and always keep its service
      quality ahead. “Good service” has been the tag for the Company to attract customers and expand market.
      Excellent professional personnel. The Company has cultivated and created a high-quality talent team through a
      people-oriented culture and a market-based talent incentive mechanism. Our senior management team has extensive
      experience and is well settled down. The overall quality of our staff and their professional skills are industry leading.
      We took a proactive stance on the competition in Fintech by expanding our introduction and cultivation of Fintech
      talents.
16   China Merchants Bank       Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2019



     1.4 Honors and Awards
           In 2019, the Company received a number of honors and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
           including:
           •      In January 2019, the Company was honored as an “AA-Level CSR Reporting Enterprise” in the ‘A-Share
                  Listed Companies’ Social Responsibility Report Summit Forum and 10th Anniversary Ceremony for Social
                  Responsibility Report Rating of Listed Companies” organised by Rankins CSR Ratings (RKS) and SGS-CSTC.
           •      On the list of “2019 Top 500 World Banks” released by The Banker (UK) in February 2019, the Company
                  ranked 9th with a brand value of USD22.48 billion, up by 2 places from the previous year, and was present
                  among the top 10 for the first time.
           •      In February 2019, at the “Private Banking and Wealth Management Award Ceremony 2019” organised by
                  Euromoney, the Company won the “China’s Best Private Bank” Award for the 9th time.
           •      In March 2019, the Company won the “Best Credit Card Business Development Award” and “Best
                  Technology Innovation Award” at the award ceremony for the “2019 China Retail Bank” held by Asiamoney;
                  In addition, the Company received the “Best National Joint-Stock Bank” Award at the award ceremony for
                  the “Private Bank of China 2019 “held by Asiamoney.
           •      In May 2019, the Company was awarded the “Best Electronic Transaction Bank” at the ceremony for the
                  “2019 China Bank of Excellent Transaction” held by Asiamoney.
           •      In May 2019, the Company won the “Best Financial Innovation Award” in the selection campaign for the
                  “2019 Finance Innovation Award in China” organised by The Banker (China).
           •      In July 2019, the Company ranked 19th on the list of “Top 1000 World Banks 2019” released by The Banker
                  (UK) with a tier 1 capital of USD75.39 billion, up by 1 place from the previous year.
           •      In July 2019, the list of Fortune China 500 was published, on which the Company ranked 38th with a
                  revenue of RMB248.555 billion. In the same month, the Company appeared on the list of Fortune Global 500
                  for 8 consecutive years, ranking 188th, up by 25 places from the previous year.
           •      In July 2019, the Company received the award of “Best Bank in China” at the “2019 Awards for Excellence”
                  Ceremony staged by Euromoney.
           •      In July 2019, the Company was honored as the “2019 Best Asset Management Bank” at the award ceremony
                  for the “12th Golden-Shell Award of China Asset Managements” hosted by 21st Century Business Herald.
           •      In July 2019, in the “2019 International Excellence in Retail Financial Services Awards Ceremony” organised
                  by The Asian Banker, the Company was honored as the “Best Retail Bank in China” for the 10th time and
                  the “Best Joint Stock Retail Bank in China” for the 15th time.
           •      In August 2019, at the awards ceremony for the “2019 All-Asia Executive Team” held by the Institutional
                  Investor (a renowned magazine based in US), the Company championed all the seven awards in banking
                  sector in Asia, including “Honored Companies”, “Best CEO”, “Best CFO”, “Best Corporate Governance”,
                  “Best IR Company”, “Best ESG/SRI Meyrics” and “Best IR Professional”.
           •      In September 2019, the Company won two exceptional awards, i.e. the “Best A-share Listed Company
                  in 2019” and the “Best Corporate Management in Asia for the 30th Anniversary” at the annual awards
                  ceremony held by Asiamoney. In addition, the Company was granted the “Best Corporate Finance and
                  Investment Bank in China” and “Best M&A Financing Business” Awards at the ceremony for the “2019 China
                  Excellent Corporate Finance and Investment Banking Awards”.
           •      In November 2019, the Company was awarded the “Star of Family Office and Wealth Management Star” at
                  the awards ceremony for Star of China organised by Global Finance (a renowned magazine based in US).
           •      In November 2019, the Company won three exceptional awards, i.e. the “Top 10 Best Employers”, “Most
                  Socially Responsible Employer”, and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony for the
                  “Best Employer in China 2019” jointly organised by Zhaopin.com and Institute of Social Science Survey,
                  Peking University.
           •      In December 2019, the Company received the “China’s Private Bank of the Year” Award at the ceremony for
                  “Asian Banker 2019 – Global Wealth and Society Awards Program” held by The Asian Banker.
China Merchants Bank               Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                     17
Annual Report 2019



Summary of Accounting Data
and Financial Indicators
2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                                                       Changes
      (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                                         2019                  2018               +/(-)%
      Operating Results
      Net operating income(1)                                                                             269,788                248,444                    8.59
      Profit before tax                                                                                   117,132                106,497                    9.99
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                                  92,867                 80,560                   15.28
      Per Share (RMB)
      Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank(2)                                      3.62                  3.13                  15.65
      Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                       3.62                  3.13                  15.65
      Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders                                               22.89                 20.07                  14.05
        of the Bank

                                                                                                   31 December            31 December                  Changes
      (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                                    2019                   2018                   +/(-)%
      Volume Indicators
      Total assets                                                                                      7,417,240             6,745,729                     9.95
        of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                                              4,490,650             3,933,034                    14.18
      Total liabilities                                                                                 6,799,533             6,202,124                     9.63
        of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                                      4,844,422             4,400,674                    10.08
      Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                               611,301               540,118                    13.18

      Notes:

      (1)      Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of
                associates and joint ventures.

      (2)      The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and paid dividends on the preference shares during the year. Therefore, when
                calculating basic earnings per share, return on average equity and net assets per share, dividends on the preference shares were deducted from
                “net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares were deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net
                assets”.

      (3)      In accordance with the “Notice on the Revision and Issuance of the Format of the Financial Statements of the Financial Enterprise for 2018”
                (《關於修訂印發2018年度金融企業財務報表格式的通知》) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the interest on financial instruments accrued
                based on the effective interest rate method shall be included in the balance of the relevant financial instruments, and shall be reflected in the
                relevant items of the financial reports, and the “interest receivable” or “interest payable” item shall no longer be listed separately. The balance
                of “interest receivable” or “interest payable” listed in the “other assets” or “other liabilities” item is only the interest receivable or payable
                where the relevant financial instruments have expired but the interest has not yet been received or paid at the balance sheet date. Since the
                2018 annual report, the Group has adjusted the financial statements and its accompanying notes in accordance with the above requirements.
                Unless otherwise stated, the balances of the relevant items herein and set out below do not include the above interest on financial instruments
                accrued based on the effective interest method.
18   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2019



     2.2 Financial Ratios
           (%)                                                                                                   2019                   2018                     Changes
           Profitability indicators
           Return on average assets attributable to shareholders                                                  1.31                   1.24        Increased by 0.07
             of the Bank                                                                                                                              percentage point
           Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                                    16.84                  16.57         Increased by 0.27
             shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                                 percentage point
           Net interest spread(1)                                                                                 2.48                   2.44        Increased by 0.04
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Net interest margin(2)                                                                                 2.59                   2.57        Increased by 0.02
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           As percentage of net operating income
             – Net interest income                                                                              64.16                  64.56        Decreased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
                 – Net non-interest income                                                                      35.84                  35.44         Increased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                              32.08                  31.04         Increased by 1.04
                                                                                                                                                    percentage points


                                                                                                    31 December              31 December                     Changes over
           (%)                                                                                             2019                     2018                    2018 year-end
           Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach(4)
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                   11.95                  11.78         Increased by 0.17
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                        12.69                  12.62         Increased by 0.07
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                                               15.54                  15.68        Decreased by 0.14
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Equity to total assets                                                                                 8.33                   8.06        Increased by 0.27
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Asset quality indicators
           Non-performing loan ratio                                                                              1.16                   1.36       Decreased by 0.20
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans(5)                                                426.78                 358.18        Increased by 68.60
                                                                                                                                                    percentage points
           Allowance ratio of loans(6)                                                                            4.97                   4.88        Increased by 0.09
                                                                                                                                                      percentage point

           Notes:

           (1)       Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

           (2)       Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

           (3)       Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for insurance
                      claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties.

           (4)       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
                      under the Weighted Approach were 13.02%, 11.30% and 10.64% respectively.

           (5)       Allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

           (6)       Allowance ratio of loans = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                           19
Annual Report 2019



2.3 Five-year Financial Summary
      (in millions of RMB)                                2019          2018          2017        2016        2015
      Results for the year
      Net operating income                             269,788       248,444       221,037     210,270     202,302
      Operating expenses                                91,497        81,110        70,431      65,148      67,957
      Impairment losses                                 61,159        60,837        59,926      66,159      59,266
      Profit before tax                                117,132       106,497        90,680      78,963      75,079
      Net profit attributable to shareholders
        of the Bank                                     92,867        80,560        70,150      62,081      57,696
      (RMB)
      Per Share
      Dividend (tax inclusive)                             1.20          0.94          0.84        0.74        0.69
      Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
        shareholders of the Bank                           3.62          3.13          2.78        2.46        2.29
      Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
        shareholders of the Bank                           3.62          3.13          2.78        2.46        2.29
      Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary
        shareholders of the Bank                          22.89        20.07         17.69       15.95       14.31
      (in millions of RMB)
      Year end
      Share capital                                     25,220        25,220        25,220       25,220      25,220
      Total shareholders’ equity                       617,707       543,605       483,392      403,362     361,758
      Total liabilities                              6,799,533     6,202,124     5,814,246    5,538,949   5,113,220
      Deposits from customers                        4,844,422     4,400,674     4,064,345    3,802,049   3,571,698
      Total assets                                   7,417,240     6,745,729     6,297,638    5,942,311   5,474,978
      Total loans and advances to customers          4,490,650     3,933,034     3,565,044    3,261,681   2,824,286
      (%)
      Key Financial Ratios
      Return on average assets attributable to
        shareholders of the Bank                           1.31          1.24          1.15        1.09        1.13
      Return on average equity attributable to
        ordinary shareholders of the Bank                 16.84        16.57         16.54       16.27       17.09
      Cost-to-income ratio                                32.08        31.04         30.21       27.60       27.55
      Non-performing loan ratio                            1.16         1.36          1.61        1.87        1.68
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
        the Advanced Measurement Approach                 11.95        11.78         12.06       11.54       10.83
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
        Advanced Measurement Approach                     12.69        12.62         13.02       11.54       10.83
      Capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach                              15.54        15.68         15.48       13.33       12.57
                       Simple Work
                                     Style
Whenever one
negotiation can not
conclude one pending issue,
escalate.


All ideas are equal in the
eyes of data.


Do the right thing, even if
it’s not your thing.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      21
Annual Report 2019



Report of the Board of Directors

3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
      In 2019, the Group continued to implement its strategic direction of “Light-operation Bank” and the strategic
      positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” by carrying out various businesses in a proactive and sound manner.
      Our overall operation continued to improve and the dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and
      Scale” was achieved, which were reflected mainly in the following aspects:
      Earnings increased rapidly with higher capital returns. In 2019, the Group realised a net profit attributable to
      shareholders of the Bank of RMB92.867 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.28%, the highest since
      2013; the net interest income was RMB173.090 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.92%; the net
      non-interest income was RMB96.698 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.81%; the return on average
      asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of the Bank and return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary
      shareholders of the Bank were 1.31% and 16.84%, up by 0.07 percentage point and 0.27 percentage point from
      the previous year, respectively.
      The scale of assets and liabilities expanded steadily. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets
      amounted to RMB7,417.240 billion, representing an increase of 9.95% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB4,490.650 billion, representing an increase
      of 14.18% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB6,799.533 billion,
      representing an increase of 9.63% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers
      amounted to RMB4,844.422 billion, representing an increase of 10.08% as compared with the end of the previous
      year.
      The quality of our assets continued to improve with a decrease in both the balance and percentage of non-
      performing loans, and the allowance coverage ratio remained solid. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group
      had total non-performing loans of RMB52.275 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.330 billion as compared
      with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio was 1.16%, down by 0.20 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan allowance coverage ratio was 426.78%,
      representing an increase of 68.60 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year; the loan
      allowance ratio was 4.97%, representing an increase of 0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the
      previous year.



3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
3.2.1 Financial highlights
      In 2019, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB117.132 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.99%.
      The effective income tax rate was 20.24%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.87 percentage points. The
      following table sets out the changes in major income/loss items of the Group in 2019.

      (in millions of RMB)                                                      2019               2018            Changes
      Net interest income                                                    173,090            160,384              12,706
      Net fee and commission income                                           71,493             66,480               5,013
      Other net income                                                        23,482             20,271               3,211
      Operating expenses                                                     (91,497)           (81,110)            (10,387)
      Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                        1,723              1,309                 414
      Expected credit losses                                                 (61,066)           (60,829)               (237)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                          (93)                (8)                (85)
      Profit before tax                                                      117,132            106,497              10,635
      Income tax                                                             (23,709)           (25,678)              1,969
      Net profit                                                              93,423             80,819              12,604
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                     92,867             80,560              12,307
22   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.2.2 Net operating income
           In 2019, the net operating income of the Group was RMB269.788 billion, representing an increase of 8.59% as
           compared with the previous year. The net interest income accounted for 64.16% of the net operating income, the
           net non-interest income accounted for 35.84% of the net operating income, representing a year-on-year increase of
           0.40 percentage point.
           The following table sets out the percentages of the components of the net operating income of the Group in the
           recent three years.

           (%)                                                                                2019                2018              2017
           Net interest income                                                               64.16                64.56            65.53
           Net fee and commission income                                                     26.50                26.76            28.96
           Other net income                                                                   8.70                 8.16             5.05
           Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                  0.64                 0.52             0.46
           Total                                                                            100.00            100.00              100.00



     3.2.3 Interest income
           In 2019, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB292.994 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           8.15%, mainly due to the increase in interest-earning assets, and increased yield of interest-earning assets brought
           by the continuous optimisation of asset structure as well as improvement in risk pricing. Interest income from loans
           and advances to customers continued to be the biggest component of the interest income of the Group.
           Interest income from loans and advances to customers
           In 2019, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was RMB221.979 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 13.04%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the average balance, interest income and average yield of
           each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group.
                                                                               2019                                   2018
                                                                 Average       Interest    Average     Average        Interest    Average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          Balance        Income    yield (%)    Balance        Income     yield (%)
           Corporate loans                                      1,818,831      78,914         4.34    1,743,614       73,954         4.24
           Retail loans                                         2,220,299     134,763         6.07    1,886,389      113,698         6.03
           Discounted bills                                       250,635       8,302         3.31      195,120        8,718         4.47
           Loans and advances to customers                      4,289,765     221,979         5.17    3,825,123      196,370         5.13

           In 2019, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of the Company, the
           average balance of short-term loans was RMB1,668.152 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB100.094
           billion, and the average yield reached 6.00%; the average balance of medium-to-long term loans was RMB2,316.817
           billion with the interest income amounting to RMB109.447 billion, and the average yield reached 4.72%. The
           average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium-to-long term loans, which was attributable to the
           higher yield of credit card overdrafts and micro-finance loans in short-term loans.
           Interest income from investments
           In 2019, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB48.902 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 1.32%. The average yield of investments was 3.66%, down by 11 basis points as compared with the
           previous year, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the falling market interest rates.
           Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
           In 2019, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
           was RMB14.354 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 21.62%, and the average yield of balances and
           placements with banks and other financial institutions was 2.51%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 40 basis
           points, which was primarily attributable to the Group’s efforts towards continued optimisation of its assets structure
           and the reduction in the allocation of low-yield assets such as the placements with banks and other financial
           institutions during the period of downward market interest rates.
China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                     23
Annual Report 2019


3.2.4 Interest expense
      In 2019, the interest expense of the Group was RMB119.904 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.48%,
      which was primarily attributable to the increase in the size of interest-bearing liabilities and the persistent increase in
      the cost ratio of deposits from customers, which has bolstered up the interest expense of the Group.
      Interest expense on deposits from customers
      In 2019, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB73.430 billion, up by 18.46% as
      compared with the previous year, which was mainly due to the intensified competition in deposits in addition to the
      increase in size, as well as the Group appropriately increasing the supply of the relatively high-cost deposit products
      such as structured deposits and large- deposit certificates in order to accommodate our customers’ matured wealth
      management funds, resulting in a rise in the cost ratio of deposits.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the average balances, interest expenses and average cost
      ratios for the deposits from corporate and retail customers of the Group.
                                                                          2019                                2018
                                                                                      Average                              Average
                                                            Average      Interest    cost ratio    Average     Interest   cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          Balance      Expense           (%)     Balance    Expense           (%)
      Deposits from corporate customers
        Demand                                             1,607,847       13,245         0.82    1,559,171    12,641          0.81
        Time                                               1,363,971       38,900         2.85    1,242,061    34,166          2.75
        Subtotal                                           2,971,818       52,145         1.75    2,801,232    46,807          1.67
      Deposits from retail customers
        Demand                                             1,081,045        3,973         0.37    1,029,918     3,409          0.33
        Time                                                 584,104       17,312         2.96      438,373    11,771          2.69
        Subtotal                                           1,665,149       21,285         1.28    1,468,291    15,180          1.03
      Total                                                4,636,967       73,430         1.58    4,269,523    61,987          1.45

      Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
      In 2019, the interest expense of the Group on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
      amounted to RMB19.079 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 17.15%, which was primarily due to the
      declining market interest rates, which in turn brought down the cost of interbank liabilities. Meanwhile, the Group
      continued to optimise its liability structure and constantly increased the proportion of its proprietary deposits, and
      had the proportion of its interbank liabilities under proper control in line with the market liquidity conditions.
      Interest expense on debt securities issued
      In 2019, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB17.631 billion, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 21.34%, which was primarily attributable to the increase in interbank certificates of
      deposits and long-term debt securities.



3.2.5 Net interest income
      In 2019, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB173.090 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      7.92%.
      The following table sets out the average balances of assets and liabilities, interest income/interest expense, and
      average yield/cost ratio of the Group for the periods indicated. The average balances of interest-earning assets and
      interest-bearing liabilities are the average of the daily balances.
                                                                          2019                                2018
                                                            Average       Interest    Average      Average    Interest     Average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          Balance        Income    yield (%)     Balance    Income      yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                      4,289,765     221,979          5.17    3,825,123   196,370          5.13
      Investments                                          1,335,247      48,902          3.66    1,278,915    48,267          3.77
      Balances with the central bank                         493,722       7,759          1.57      510,760     7,961          1.56
      Balances and placements with banks and
        other financial institutions                         570,995       14,354         2.51     630,169     18,313          2.91
      Total                                                6,689,729     292,994          4.38    6,244,967   270,911          4.34
24   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


                                                                                                     Average                                            Average
                                                                     Average         Interest       cost ratio         Average           Interest      cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)              Balance         Expense              (%)          Balance          Expense              (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                 4,636,967           73,430              1.58      4,269,523           61,987             1.45
           Deposits and placements from banks and
             other financial institutions                            843,293           19,079              2.26        863,041           23,028             2.67
           Debt securities issued                                    504,241           17,631              3.50        340,151           14,530             4.27
           Borrowings from the central bank                          300,662            9,207              3.06        348,093           10,982             3.15
           Lease liabilities                                          13,605              557              4.09            N/A              N/A              N/A
           Total                                                   6,298,768          119,904              1.90      5,820,808          110,527             1.90
           Net interest income                                                /       173,090                  /                /       160,384                 /
           Net interest spread                                                /             /              2.48                 /             /             2.44
           Net interest margin                                                /             /              2.59                 /             /             2.57

           Note: The Group began to implement the International Financial Reporting Standard 16 – Leases (the “New Lease Standards”) on 1 January 2019,
                 pursuant to which, for lease contracts, the Group recognised the lease liabilities based on the present value of the lease payments that have
                 not been paid on the commencement date of the lease term, and subsequently calculated the interest expense of the lease liabilities in each
                 period using the effective interest method and recognised it as interest expense, except for short-term leases and low-value lease contracts. The
                 comparable figures for the corresponding period of the previous year were not subject to adjustment.



           In 2019, the average yield of our interest-earning assets was 4.38%, representing a year-on-year increase of 4 basis
           points; the average cost ratio of our interest-bearing liabilities was 1.90%, same as that of the previous year; the net
           interest spread and the net interest margin were 2.48% and 2.59%, representing a year-on-year increase of 4 and 2
           basis points, respectively.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest
           expenses due to changes in volumes and interest rates of the Group. Changes in volume were measured by changes
           in average balances (daily average balance), while changes in interest rate were measured by changes in the average
           interest rates; the changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in both volume and interest rates
           have been included in the amount of changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in volume.
                                                                                                              2019 compared with 2018
                                                                                                  Increase (decrease) due to                    Net increase
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                       Volume      Interest rate                   (decrease)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                                                               24,043                      1,566              25,609
           Investments                                                                                    2,063                     (1,428)                635
           Balances with the central bank                                                                  (268)                        66               (202)
           Balances and placements with banks and
             other financial institutions                                                                 (1,488)                   (2,471)             (3,959)
           Changes in interest income                                                                    24,350                     (2,267)             22,083

           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                                                         5,819                    5,624               11,443
           Deposits and placements from banks and
             other financial institutions                                                                   (447)                   (3,502)             (3,949)
           Debt securities issued                                                                          5,737                    (2,636)               3,101
           Borrowings from the central bank                                                               (1,452)                     (323)             (1,775)
           Lease liabilities                                                                                 557                         –                  557
           Changes in interest expense                                                                   10,214                      (837)                9,377

           Changes in net interest income                                                                14,136                     (1,430)             12,706
China Merchants Bank                    Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       25
Annual Report 2019


      The following table sets out the average balances of assets and liabilities, interest income/interest expenses and
      annualised average yields/cost ratios of the Group for the periods indicated. The average balance of the interest-
      earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is the daily average balance.
                                                                  October to December 2019                July to September 2019
                                                                                       Annualised                            Annualised
                                                               Average      Interest     average      Average     Interest     average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             balance       income     yield (%)     balance      income     yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                         4,462,793      55,710          4.95    4,404,849     57,191          5.15
      Investments                                             1,339,480      12,290          3.64    1,351,054     12,366          3.63
      Balances with the central bank                            503,820       1,973          1.55      502,025      1,979          1.56
      Balances and placements with banks and
         other financial institutions                          608,711        3,597          2.34     542,496        3,371         2.47
      Total                                                   6,914,804      73,570          4.22    6,800,424     74,907          4.37

                                                                                       Annualised                            Annualised
                                                                                         average                               average
                                                               Average      Interest    cost ratio    Average     Interest    cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             balance      Expense           (%)     balance     Expense           (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                                 4,816,302      19,800          1.63    4,733,875     19,517          1.64
      Deposits and placements from banks and
         other financial institutions                          844,704        4,681          2.20     861,608        4,719         2.17
      Debt securities issued                                   572,873        4,849          3.36     549,771        4,605         3.32
      Borrowings from the central bank                         289,380        2,211          3.03     275,671        2,116         3.05
      Lease liabilities                                         15,776          163          4.10      12,873          133         4.10
      Total                                                   6,539,035      31,704          1.92    6,433,798     31,090          1.92
      Net interest income                                             /      41,866             /            /     43,817             /
      Net interest spread                                             /           /          2.30            /          /          2.45
      Net interest margin                                             /            /         2.40            /           /         2.56

      In the fourth quarter of 2019, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.40%, down by 16 basis points as
      compared with the third quarter of 2019, and its net interest spread was 2.30%, down by 15 basis points as
      compared with the third quarter of 2019. The annualised average yield of the interest-earning assets was 4.22%,
      down by 15 basis points as compared with the third quarter of 2019 while the annualised average cost ratio of
      interest-bearing liabilities was 1.92%, remaining the same as compared with the third quarter of 2019. For the
      reasons for the decrease in the Company’s net interest margin from the previous quarter, please refer to 3.9.1 “Net
      interest margin” in this chapter.
26   China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.2.6 Net non-interest income
           In 2019, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB96.698 billion, up by 9.81% from the previous year.
           The components are as follows:
           Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB71.493 billion, representing an increase of 7.54% as compared
           with the previous year. Among the fee and commission income, income from bank card fees amounted to
           RMB19.551 billion, representing an increase of 16.88% as compared with the previous year, which was primarily
           attributable to the increase in bank card transaction volume, hence resulting in the increase in revenue; income from
           settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB11.492 billion, representing an increase of 11.93% as compared with
           the previous year, which was primarily attributable to the increase in income from e-payment; income from agency
           services fees amounted to RMB13.681 billion, representing an increase of 4.51% as compared with the previous year
           on the same statistical calibre, which was primarily attributable to the increase in income from agency distribution
           of insurance policies, securities brokerage for our subsidiaries and other agency businesses. The commissions from
           credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB6.310 billion, representing a decrease of 7.30% as compared
           with the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the fee income from our financial leasing
           business; the commissions from trust and other fiduciary activities amounted to RMB23.560 billion, representing an
           increase of 0.81% as compared with the previous year on the same statistical calibre.
           Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB25.205 billion, representing an increase of 16.80% as compared
           with the previous year, of which, net investment income amounted to RMB14.048 billion, representing an increase
           of 24.02% as compared with the previous year, mainly due to the increase in gains on non-standardised bill
           investments and bond investments at fair value through profit or loss; net profit from fair value change amounted to
           RMB384 million, representing a decrease of 64.80% as compared with the previous year, which was mainly due to
           the decrease in the valuation of non-standardised bill investments at fair value through profit or loss; other income
           amounted to RMB5.791 billion, representing an increase of 34.21% as compared with the previous year, which was
           mainly due to the increase in the income from operating leases.
           In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB47.951 billion,
           representing an increase of 10.93% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 49.59% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income; the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB36.052 billion,
           representing an increase of 11.70% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 37.28% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income; the net non-interest income from other businesses amounted to RMB12.695 billion,
           representing an increase of 1.08% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 13.13% of the Group’s
           net non-interest income.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                  2019                   2018
           Fee and commission income                                                                                          79,047                  73,046
             Bank card fees                                                                                                   19,551                  16,727
             Settlement and clearing fees                                                                                     11,492                  10,267
             Agency service fees                                                                                              13,681                  13,091
             Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                                              6,310                   6,807
             Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                                                    23,560                  23,370
             Others                                                                                                            4,453                   2,784
           Less: fees and commission expense                                                                                  (7,554)                 (6,566)
           Net fee and commission income                                                                                      71,493                  66,480
           Other net non-interest income                                                                                      25,205                  21,580
             Other net income                                                                                                 23,482                  20,271
              – Net profit from fair value change                                                                                384                   1,091
              – Net investment income                                                                                         14,048                  11,327
              – Exchange gain                                                                                                  3,259                   3,538
              – Other income                                                                                                   5,791                   4,315
             Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                                                 1,723                   1,309
           Total net non-interest income                                                                                      96,698                  88,060

           Note: In 2019, the Group adjusted the statistical calibre of the breakdown items of fee and commission income, service fees for securities brokerage
                 and investment services provided by its subsidiaries were adjusted from “others” to “agency service fees”, the fund management fees of the
                 subsidiaries were adjusted from “others” to “commissions on trust and fiduciary activities”, and corresponding adjustments were made to the
                 comparable figures of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      27
Annual Report 2019


3.2.7 Operating expenses
      In 2019, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB91.497 billion, representing an increase of 12.81%
      as compared with the previous year, among which staff costs increased by 11.76% and other general and
      administrative expenses increased by 14.37% as compared with the previous year. The cost-to-income ratio was
      32.08%, representing an increase of 1.04 percentage points as compared with the previous year. The increase
      in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the Group strengthening its efforts to support the Fintech
      innovation, enhancing its technology-based capability, and increasing its investment in digital infrastructure and R&D
      talents. In order to transform and upgrade its business models and foster its ability to acquire customers by digital
      means and carry out digital operations for the whole business lines, the Group increased its investment in related
      business areas. In order to improve the outlets’ brand image and service level, the Group increased investment in the
      upgrade of the hardware and software of its digital outlets. The Company’s cost-to-income ratio was 32.53%, up by
      1.30 percentage points as compared with the previous year.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
      Group.
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2019              2018
      Staff costs                                                                                 51,439            46,025
      Depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                                              12,059            10,495
      Taxes and surcharges                                                                         2,348             2,132
      Other general and administrative expenses                                                   25,406            22,214
      Allowances for insurance claims                                                                245               244
      Total                                                                                       91,497            81,110



3.2.8 Expected credit losses
      In 2019, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB61.066 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      0.39%.
      The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
      Group.
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2019              2018
      Loans and advances to customers                                                             54,214            59,252
      Financial investments                                                                        6,481             1,176
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                       (208)             (368)
      Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan commitments                   545               374
      Other assets                                                                                    34               395
      Total expected credit losses                                                                61,066            60,829

      Expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers were the largest component of expected credit losses. In
      2019, expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers of the Group were RMB54.214 billion, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 8.50%. In 2019, the Group has, from a forward-looking perspective, increased the
      provision for its proprietary non-standardised corporate investments. For details of the allowances for impairment
      losses on loans, please refer to the section headed “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
28   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019



     3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
     3.3.1 Assets
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB7,417.240 billion, up by 9.95%
           from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to customers
           and bond investments of the Group.
           To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.1 Assets” were still analysed on the
           statistical calibre excluding interest receivable, except for the table “components of the total assets of the Group”,
           in which interest receivable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry
           of Finance.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                                           31 December 2019                              31 December 2018
                                                                                                         Percentage of                              Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   Amount          the total (%)                  Amount      the total (%)
           Total loans and advances to customers                                        4,500,199                    60.67            3,941,844              58.43
           Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)                                  (222,899)                   (3.00)            (191,895)             (2.84)
           Net loans and advances to customers                                          4,277,300                    57.67            3,749,949              55.59
           Investment securities and other financial assets                             1,839,440                    24.80            1,714,490              25.42
           Cash, precious metals and balances with the
              central bank                                                                 571,990                    7.71              500,020               7.41
           Inter-bank transactions(2)                                                      522,507                    7.04              612,957               9.08
           Goodwill                                                                          9,954                    0.13                9,954               0.15
           Other assets(3)                                                                 196,049                    2.65              158,359               2.35
           Total assets                                                                 7,417,240                  100.00             6,745,729             100.00

           Notes:

           (1)       The “allowances for impairment losses on loans” as at the end of the year include the allowances for impairment losses of the principal and
                     interest of the loans and advances to customers measured at amortised cost. The allowances for impairment losses of RMB341 million were
                     not deducted from the carrying values of the loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
                     For details, please refer to Note 22(a) to the financial statements.

           (2)       Including balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts held under resale agreements.

           (3)       Including fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets and other assets.



     3.3.1.1 Loans and advances to customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
           RMB4,490.650 billion, representing an increase of 14.18% as compared with the end of the previous year; total
           loans and advances to customers accounted for 60.54% of the total assets, representing an increase of 2.24
           percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers
           of the Group, please refer to the section headed “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
China Merchants Bank                   Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                  29
Annual Report 2019


3.3.1.2 Investment securities and other financial assets
       The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
       denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
       The following table sets forth the components of investment securities and other financial assets of the Group by
       line items.
                                                                                     31 December 2019                             31 December 2018
                                                                                                   Percentage of                                 Percentage of
       (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 Amount          the total (%)                 Amount          the total (%)
       Derivative financial assets                                                    24,219                    1.33               34,220                   2.02
       Investments at fair value through
          profit or loss (1)                                                         398,276                  21.89              330,302                   19.48
         – Bond investments                                                          123,256                   6.77              134,651                    7.94
         – Non-standardised credit asset investments                                 199,817                  10.98              174,845                   10.31
         – Others(2)                                                                  75,203                   4.14               20,806                    1.23
       Debt investments at amortised cost                                            907,472                  49.88              903,268                   53.28
         – Bond investments                                                          778,170                  42.77              657,926                   38.81
         – Non-standardised credit asset investments                                 142,733                   7.84              252,884                   14.92
         – Others                                                                        564                   0.04                  538                    0.03
         – Less: allowances for impairment losses                                    (13,995)                 (0.77)              (8,080)                  (0.48)
       Debt investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                                       472,586                  25.97              414,691                   24.46
       Equity investments designated at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                   6,077                    0.33                4,015                   0.24
       Investments in joint ventures and associates                                   10,784                    0.60                8,871                   0.52
       Total investment securities and other
           financial assets                                                        1,819,414                 100.00            1,695,367                 100.00

       Notes:

       (1)       Beginning from the 2019 annual report, the Group will incorporate the coupon interest receivable of its investments measured at fair value
                 through profit or loss in the fair value of its assets and disclose them together, and restate the comparable balance of the corresponding assets
                 as at the end of the previous year.

       (2)       Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.
30   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Derivative financial instruments
           As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
           the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                                    31 December 2019                        31 December 2018
                                                                                Fair value                             Fair value
                                                             Notional                                Notional
           (in millions of RMB)                               amount        Assets    Liabilities    amount        Assets      Liabilities
           Interest rate derivatives                        4,656,569       10,990      (10,724)    4,382,713     16,150        (14,812)
           Currency derivatives                             1,135,734       12,479      (11,756)    1,605,849     17,630        (21,321)
           Other derivatives                                  130,219          750         (720)      116,624        440           (437)
           Total                                            5,922,522       24,219      (23,200)    6,105,186     34,220        (36,570)

           The above table shows the nominal value and fair value of the Group’s derivatives by their remaining maturity on
           each balance sheet date. The nominal value refers only to the volume of the transactions that have not yet been due
           or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
           In 2019, the transaction volume of the bank-to-customer RMB exchange rate derivatives shrank by nearly 18%
           market-wide, nevertheless, the central bank reformed and improved the Loan Prime Rate (LPR) in August to further
           advance the marketisation of the RMB interest rate, boosting customers’ demand for customised solutions for
           derivative transactions to cope with the risk of fluctuations in market interest rates. While continuing to provide its
           customers with derivative transaction services for exchange rate products, the Group gave full play to its professional
           edge in derivative transactions in the financial market, such as interest rate swaps, exploring for new derivative
           transaction services to the customers, and providing them with online transaction services, as a result of which the
           number of the wholesale customers and the transaction volume continued to grow.
           Investments at fair value through profit or loss
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the investments at fair value through profit or loss amounted
           to RMB398.276 billion, with bond investments and non-standardised asset investments accounting for the main
           categories. Bond investments were made by the Group through analysis of fundamentals such as macroeconomic
           and monetary policy to grasp the trading opportunities in the bond market to increase investment income. For non-
           standardised asset investments, which are mainly non-standardised bills investments and part of the Group’s bill
           asset structure, the Group is to gain investment returns by capturing the investment opportunities arising in the bill
           market based on its operational needs and the currency market development. For details, please refer to Note 23(a)
           to the financial statements.
           Debt investments measured at amortised cost
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments measured at amortised cost
           amounted to RMB907.472 billion. Among them, the bond investments were made mainly in the bonds issued by
           the PRC government and policy banks. This category of investments was held on a long-term basis for the strategic
           allocation of assets and liabilities of the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of bank
           accounts and liquidity management, while taking into account the benefits and risks. For details, please refer to
           Note 23(b) to the financial statements.
           Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
           income of the Group amounted to RMB472.586 billion. During the reporting period, affected by the changes in the
           market environment, the interest rate of the RMB bond market underwent remarkable fluctuation, with the interest
           spreads on medium- and high-grade credit bonds narrowing sharply, and an increasing number of default events.
           The Group closely monitored market changes, had the duration of its RMB asset portfolio carefully maintained at
           a high level, captured opportunities arising at a particular period, and adjusted the existing portfolio structure in a
           timely manner by increasing the amount of higher-value assets such as treasury bonds, local bonds, and medium-and
           high-grade credit bonds, while deploying special credit audit teams aiming to optimise its asset structure and avoid
           credit risks. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.
           Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB6.077 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
           equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
           significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                         31
Annual Report 2019


      The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities(1)
                                                                                                                           31 December               31 December
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                        2019                      2018
      Official authorities(2)                                                                                                      783,189                  641,480
      Policy banks                                                                                                                 316,241                  291,271
      Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                                            162,341                  175,556
      Others(2)                                                                                                                    112,241                   98,961
      Total Bond investments                                                                                                    1,374,012                1,207,268

      Notes:

      (1)      In 2019, the carrying amount of the investments measured at fair value through profit or loss included the interest receivable provided for using
                the effective interest rate method, and the comparables as at the end of 2018 have been adjusted accordingly.

      (2)      “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the central bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                enterprises.



      Investments in joint ventures and associates
      As at the end of the reporting period, the investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group were
      RMB10.784 billion, representing an increase of 21.56% as compared with the end of the previous year, which
      was mainly due to the increase in the profits of its joint ventures, i.e. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants
      Union Consumer Finance. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on
      investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group was zero. For details, please refer to Notes 25 and 26 to
      the financial statements.
3.3.1.3 Goodwill
      In compliance with the PRC enterprise accounting principles, at the end of 2019, the Group conducted an
      impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China Merchants Fund and
      other companies and determined that provision for impairment was not necessary for the current year. As at the
      end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment losses on goodwill of RMB579
      million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.



3.3.2 Liabilities
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB6,799.533 billion,
      representing an increase of 9.63% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
      to the steady growth in deposits from customers and bond issuance during the reporting period.
      To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.2 Liabilities” were still analysed on the
      statistical calibre excluding interest payable, except for the table “components of the total liabilities of the Group”
      in which interest payable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry of
      Finance.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.
                                                                                       31 December 2019                               31 December 2018
                                                                                                      Percentage of                                   Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                     Amount          the total (%)                  Amount           the total (%)
      Deposits from customers                                                        4,874,981                    71.70            4,427,566                    71.39
      Inter-bank transactions(1)                                                       784,735                    11.54              752,917                    12.14
      Borrowings from the central bank                                                 359,175                     5.28              405,314                     6.54
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
         and derivative financial liabilities                                           66,634                     0.98                80,714                     1.30
      Debt securities issued                                                           578,191                     8.50               424,926                     6.85
      Others(2)                                                                        135,817                     2.00               110,687                     1.78
      Total liabilities                                                              6,799,533                  100.00             6,202,124                   100.00

      Notes:

      (1)      Including deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and amounts sold under repurchase agreements.

      (2)      Including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and
                other liabilities.
32   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB4,844.422
           billion, representing an increase of 10.08% as compared with the end of the previous year. Deposits from customers,
           accounting for 71.25% of the total liabilities of the Group, was the major funding source of the Group.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
           and customer type.
                                                                               31 December 2019              31 December 2018
                                                                                          Percentage of                Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                        Amount      the total (%)    Amount      the total (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
            Demand                                                           1,692,068             34.93   1,645,684             37.39
            Time                                                             1,346,033             27.79   1,192,037             27.09
             Subtotal                                                        3,038,101             62.72   2,837,721             64.48
           Deposits from retail customers
            Demand                                                           1,171,221             24.18   1,059,923             24.09
            Time                                                               635,100             13.10     503,030             11.43
             Subtotal                                                        1,806,321             37.28   1,562,953             35.52
           Total deposits from customers                                     4,844,422            100.00   4,400,674            100.00

           As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of daily average balance per year of the demand deposits to
           that of the total deposits from customers of the Group was 57.99%, representing a decrease of 2.65 percentage
           points as compared with the previous year. Among which, the daily average balance per year of corporate demand
           deposits accounted for 54.10% of that of the corporate deposits, representing a decrease of 1.56 percentage points
           as compared with the previous year, and the daily average balance per year of retail demand deposits accounted
           for 64.92% of that of the retail deposits, representing a decrease of 5.22 percentage points as compared with
           the previous year. For the reasons for the decline in the percentage of the demand deposits, please refer to 3.9.1
           “Proprietary deposits” in this chapter.



     3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
           As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholders’ equity of the Group was RMB617.707 billion, representing
           an increase of 13.63% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which retained profits amounted to
           RMB321.610 billion, representing an increase of 17.22% as compared with the end of the previous year; investment
           revaluation reserve amounted to RMB8.919 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.387 billion as compared with
           the end of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the valuation of bond investments, equity investments
           and bill assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                            33
Annual Report 2019



3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
      The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                            31 December 2019                         31 December 2018
                                                                                                         Percentage of                             Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                          Amount        the total (%)              Amount         the total (%)
      Normal                                                                           4,385,785                 97.67           3,820,100                 97.13
      Special mention                                                                     52,590                  1.17              59,329                  1.51
      Substandard                                                                         15,747                  0.35              13,526                  0.34
      Doubtful                                                                            17,383                  0.39              25,041                  0.64
      Loss                                                                                19,145                  0.42              15,038                  0.38
      Total loans and advances to customers                                            4,490,650                100.00           3,933,034                100.00
      Total non-performing loans                                                          52,275                  1.16              53,605                  1.36

      Note: Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.



      During the reporting period, the 5-tier loan classification system of the Group was further optimised. As at the end
      of the reporting period, both the balance and percentage of the Group’s special-mention loans and non-performing
      loans recorded a decrease. Specifically, the balance of the special mention loans amounted to RMB52.590 billion,
      representing a decrease of RMB6.739 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; the percentage of
      special-mention loans was 1.17%, representing a decrease of 0.34 percentage point as compared with the end of
      the previous year. The balance of our non-performing loans amounted to RMB52.275 billion, representing a decrease
      of RMB1.330 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 1.16%, a
      decrease of 0.20 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.



3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                                    31 December 2019                                         31 December 2018
                                                                                                    Non-                                                      Non-
                                                                 Percentage          Non-     performing                  Percentage           Non-     performing
                                                         Loan         of the   performing      loan ratio          Loan        of the    performing      loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan           (%)(1)      balance     total (%)          loan           (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                                1,901,994        42.35        35,070            1.84     1,773,929        45.10          37,758           2.13
        Working capital loans                          854,121        19.02        24,925            2.92       884,660        22.49          25,698           2.90
        Fixed asset loans                              559,580        12.46         4,491            0.80       470,521        11.97           5,067           1.08
        Trade finance                                  192,750         4.29           819            0.42       157,093         3.99           2,465           1.57
        Others(2)                                      295,543         6.58         4,835            1.64       261,655         6.65           4,528           1.73
      Discounted bills(3)                              226,040         5.04            19            0.01       149,766         3.81               –              –
      Retail loans                                   2,362,616        52.61        17,186            0.73     2,009,339        51.09          15,847           0.79
        Micro-finance loans                            405,780         9.04         3,284            0.81       350,534         8.91           4,682           1.34
        Residential mortgage loans                   1,108,148        24.68         2,749            0.25       928,760        23.62           2,610           0.28
        Credit card loans                              671,099        14.94         9,033            1.35       575,490        14.63           6,392           1.11
        Others(4)                                      177,589         3.95         2,120            1.19       154,555         3.93           2,163           1.40
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    4,490,650       100.00        52,275            1.16     3,933,034      100.00           53,605           1.36

      Notes:

      (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)         Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

      (3)         The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

      (4)         The “Others” category consists primarily of general consumption loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans,
                   education loans and other personal loans secured by monetary assets.
34   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           In 2019, the Group actively expanded its retail credit business and steadily provided housing mortgage loans for self-
           occupation purpose and credit card loans and actively supported the micro-finance loans to private companies, as a
           result of which, our asset quality was stable and controllable. As at the end of the reporting period, the proportion
           of retail loans increased by 1.52 percentage points to 52.61%; the non-performing retail loans amounted to
           RMB17.186 billion, up by RMB1.339 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing
           retail loan ratio was 0.73%, down by 0.06 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
           which, affected by the external factors such as the risk of “joint debts”, the non-performing credit card loan ratio
           was 1.35%, up by 0.24 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With regard to corporate loans, the Group steadily advanced the development of project financing and domestic
           trade financing businesses, resulting in stable and optimised asset quality. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           percentage of the Group’s corporate loans dropped by 2.75 percentage points to 42.35%, while that of the fixed
           asset loans and trade financing recorded an increase; the non-performing ratio of our corporate loans was 1.84%,
           representing a decrease of 0.29 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, specifically, the
           non-performing amounts and non-performing ratios of the fixed asset loans and trade financing both recorded a
           decrease.



     3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                          31 December 2019                                         31 December 2018
                                                                                                         Non-                                                     Non-
                                                                      Percentage           Non-    performing                  Percentage            Non-   performing
                                                               Loan   of the total   performing     loan ratio          Loan   of the total    performing    loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)     balance            (%)          loan         (%)(1)      balance           (%)           loan         (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                                1,901,994         42.35         35,070          1.84    1,773,929          45.10         37,758          2.13
             Property development                           368,377           8.20         1,636          0.44      316,490           8.05          3,263          1.03
             Transportation, storage and
                postal services                            337,209           7.51         2,475           0.73     287,027            7.30          1,674          0.58
             Manufacturing                                 261,711           5.83        15,943           6.09     282,543            7.18         18,760          6.64
             Wholesale and retail                          162,857           3.63         5,202           3.19     170,489            4.33          6,867          4.03
             Production and supply of
                electric power, heat,
                gas and water                              150,083           3.34            519          0.35     146,662            3.73            827          0.56
             Leasing and commercial
                services                                   173,369           3.86         3,612           2.08     126,095            3.21            576          0.46
             Finance                                       126,706           2.82           229           0.18     114,137            2.90              3          0.00
             Construction                                   97,475           2.17         1,270           1.30      90,110            2.29          1,080          1.20
             Information transmission,
                software and IT service                     55,900           1.24         1,034           1.85       70,012           1.78            710          1.01
             Water conservancy,
                environment and
                public utilities                             58,263          1.30           270           0.46       55,916          1.42             294          0.53
             Mining                                          39,189          0.87         2,084           5.32       37,545          0.95           3,019          8.04
             Others(2)                                       70,855          1.58           796           1.12       76,903          1.96             685          0.89
           Discounted bills                                 226,040          5.04            19           0.01      149,766          3.81               –             –
           Retail loans                                   2,362,616         52.61        17,186           0.73    2,009,339         51.09          15,847          0.79
           Total loans and advances to
              customers                                   4,490,650        100.00        52,275           1.16    3,933,034        100.00          53,605          1.36

           Notes:

           (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)         Consists primarily of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                         35
Annual Report 2019


      In 2019, the Group closely followed the key national strategic plans and unwaveringly supported the development of
      the real economy by constantly intensifying the adjustment of its credit structure and actively redirecting resources to
      those major construction projects in the so-called “weakness-eliminating” fields such as the infrastructure, as well as
      the strategic emerging industries, advanced manufacturing industry and modern service industry, while dynamically
      adjusting its credit strategy in such key fields as the real estate industry, local government financing platforms,
      and industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from in line with the national macro industrial policies, and
      accelerating the reduction and withdrawal of loans granted to those customers with high risks such as the “zombie
      companies” and those with high leverage and overcapacity. During the reporting period, due to the effect of such
      factors as the downturn in the macro economy and defaults by certain major corporate customers, an increase in
      the non-performing ratio was recorded in certain industries, such as the leasing and commercial service industry,
      transportation, warehousing and postal services, information transmission, software and information technology
      services, etc..



3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                     31 December 2019                                        31 December 2018
                                                                                                     Non                                                    Non
                                                                 Percentage            Non    performing                 Percentage            Non   performing
                                                         Loan    of the total   performing     loan ratio         Loan   of the total   performing    loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance            (%)           loan         (%)(1)     balance           (%)          loan         (%)(1)
      Head Office(2)                                  740,664          16.49         11,209          1.51     650,128          16.53         6,567          1.01
      Yangtze River Delta                             903,754          20.13          8,574          0.95     793,637          20.18        10,334          1.30
      Bohai Rim                                       567,997          12.65          7,092          1.25     503,588          12.80         8,708          1.73
      Pearl River Delta and West Side
        of Taiwan Strait                              773,445          17.22         7,093           0.92     667,011         16.96         7,009           1.05
      North-eastern China                             151,587           3.38         5,146           3.39     146,198          3.72         5,583           3.82
      Central China                                   453,128          10.09         3,739           0.83     384,094          9.77         5,005           1.30
      Western China                                   446,520           9.94         7,321           1.64     380,675          9.68         7,975           2.09
      Overseas                                        139,341           3.10           276           0.20     123,337          3.13           456           0.37
      Subsidiaries                                    314,214           7.00         1,825           0.58     284,366          7.23         1,968           0.69
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    4,490,650        100.00        52,275           1.16    3,933,034       100.00        53,605           1.36

      Notes:

      (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)         The Head Office includes Credit Card Center, Offshore Finance Center and Banking Department of the Head Office.



      Given the differences in economic patterns and customer bases of various regions, the Group implemented
      differentiated risk supervisory management by category for branches and sub-branches in different regions. For risk
      concentrated regions, the Group selectively raised the credit access standard and dynamically adjusted the credit
      authorisation so as to prevent the occurrence of regional systematic risks. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      percentage of the balance of loans extended to Central China, Pearl River Delta and West Side of Taiwan Strait and
      Western China showed increases, while the percentages of the balance of loans extended to other regions recorded
      decreases. Due to the formation of non-performing loans in certain large-sized corporate customers and the increase
      of non-performing credit card loans, the non-performing loan ratio of Head Office increased by 0.50 percentage
      point as compared with the end of the previous year, while the non-performing loan ratio of other regions decreased
      as compared with the end of the previous year.
36   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                          31 December 2019                                           31 December 2018
                                                                                                          Non                                                         Non
                                                                      Percentage            Non    performing                                           Non    performing
                                                               Loan   of the total   performing     loan ratio            Loan Percentage of     performing     loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)     balance            (%)          loan         (%)(1)        balance the total (%)           loan          (%)(1)
           Credit loans                                   1,535,977         34.20         13,438          0.87      1,320,545          33.57          9,752           0.74
           Guaranteed loans(2)                              636,709         14.18         16,755          2.63        583,242          14.83         20,338           3.49
           Collateralised loans                           1,859,500         41.40         15,103          0.81      1,653,517          42.04         20,769           1.26
           Pledged loans(2)                                 232,424           5.18         6,960          2.99        225,964           5.75          2,746           1.22
           Discounted bills                                 226,040           5.04         19.00          0.01        149,766           3.81              –              –
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                    4,490,650        100.00        52,275           1.16      3,933,034        100.00           53,605          1.36

           Notes:

           (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)         During the reporting period, for loans guaranteed with domestic letters of credit, domestic standby letters of credit and overseas standby letters
                        of credit, the Group adjusted the type of guarantee from pledged to guaranteed, and adjusted the figures at the beginning of the year on the
                        same statistical calibre.



           As at the end of the reporting period, collateralised and pledged loans increased by 11.30% as compared with
           the beginning of the previous year; guaranteed loans increased by 9.17% as compared with the beginning of the
           previous year, and the credit loans increased by 16.31% as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-
           performing pledged loan ratio increased by 1.77 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year
           due to the formation of non-performing loans in certain large-sized customers. The non-performing ratio of credit
           loans increased by 0.13 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; while the ratio of non-
           performing guaranteed loans and collateralised loans both decreased.



     3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                                                 of net capital
                                                                                                         Loan balance               (under the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                          as at               Advanced
           Top ten                                                                                       31 December             Measurement Percentage of
           borrowers                  Industry                                                                   2019           Approach) (%) total loans (%)
           A                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                  31,100                      4.34                 0.69
           B                          Property development                                                         16,650                      2.33                 0.37
           C                          Property development                                                         12,761                      1.78                 0.28
           D                          Manufacturing                                                                10,100                      1.41                 0.22
           E                          Finance                                                                      10,000                      1.40                 0.22
           F                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                   8,070                      1.13                 0.18
           G                          Finance                                                                       7,969                      1.11                 0.18
           H                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                   7,962                      1.11                 0.18
           I                          Property development                                                          7,217                      1.01                 0.16
           J                          Mining                                                                        6,972                      0.97                 0.16
           Total                                                                                                  118,801                  16.59                    2.64

           As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
           RMB31.100 billion, representing 4.34% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
           The loan balance of the top ten single borrowers totalled RMB118.801 billion, representing 16.59% of the Group’s
           net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 17.64% of the Group’s net capital under the Weighted
           Approach, and 2.64% of the Group’s total loan balance, respectively.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                              37
Annual Report 2019


3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                       31 December 2019           31 December 2018
                                                                                  Percentage                 Percentage
                                                                           Loan      of total         Loan      of total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                      balance    loans (%)       balance    loans (%)
      Overdue within 3 months                                            18,899         0.42        19,731        0.50
      Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                 20,288         0.45        16,447        0.42
      Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                  16,657         0.37        19,130        0.49
      Overdue more than 3 years                                           7,519         0.17         6,695        0.17
      Total overdue loans                                                63,363         1.41        62,003        1.58
      Total loans and advances to customers                           4,490,650       100.00     3,933,034      100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB63.363 billion, up by RMB1.360
      billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.41% of its total loans, representing a decrease of
      0.17 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among the overdue loans, collateralised and
      pledged loans accounted for 36.17%; guaranteed loans accounted for 26.53%; credit loans accounted for 37.30%
      (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent classification criteria for
      overdue loans, and the ratio of its non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 90 days was 1.18.



3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                       31 December 2019           31 December 2018
                                                                                  Percentage                 Percentage
                                                                           Loan      of total         Loan      of total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                      balance    loans (%)       balance    loans (%)
      Restructured loans (note)                                          25,022           0.56     22,766            0.58
      Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
        90 days                                                          19,255           0.43     16,218            0.41

      Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.



      The Group imposed strict and prudent control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.56%, down by 0.02 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
38   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
           the Group amounted to RMB942 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB174 million, the
           net carrying value amounted to RMB768 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
           RMB1.518 billion.



     3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
           The Group adopted the new financial instrument standard to make adequate allowances for credit risk losses by
           using the expected credit loss model and the risk quantification parameters such as the probability of customer
           defaults and the loss ratio of defaults, after taking into consideration the adjustments in macro perspectiveness.
           The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances of the
           Group.

           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                      2019                    2018
           Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                            192,000                   150,432
           Adjustment at the beginning of the period under the new financial
             instrument standard                                                                                                     N/A                     1,088
           Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                               192,000                   151,520
           Charge/release for the period                                                                                          54,214                    59,252
           Unwinding of discount on impaired loans and advances(note)                                                               (286)                     (307)
           Recovery of loans and advances previously written off                                                                   9,170                     7,453
           Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                                    (32,201)                  (26,197)
           Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                           200                       279
           Balance at the end of the period                                                                                      223,097                   192,000

           Note: Represents the interest income accrued on impaired loans as a result of the increase in their present value due to the passage of time.



           The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB223.097
           billion, representing an increase of RMB31.097 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-
           performing loan allowance coverage ratio was 426.78%, representing an increase of 68.60 percentage points as
           compared with the end of the previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.97%, representing an increase of 0.09
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                    39
Annual Report 2019



3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio
      As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach was 15.54%, representing a decrease of 0.14 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year, while the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the
      Advanced Measurement Approach were 12.69% and 11.95%, respectively, representing an increase of 0.07 and 0.17
      percentage point respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year.
      For details of the reasons for the decrease in the capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement Approach,
      please refer to section 3.9.1 headed “Capital management”.
      The Group
                                                                                                                                    Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                  the end of the current
                                                                                                                                       year as compared
                                                                                   31 December              31 December              with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                        2019                     2018                previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Advanced Measurement Approach(1)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                              550,339                 482,340                              14.10
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                                   584,436                 516,433                              13.17
      Net capital                                                                          715,925                 641,881                              11.54
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
        consideration the floor requirements
        during the parallel run period)                                                 3,863,760               3,530,424                                 9.44
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                           3,347,515               3,052,636                                 9.66
            Market risk weighted assets                                                    66,514                  65,906                                 0.92
            Operational risk weighted assets                                              449,731                 411,882                                 9.19
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
        floor requirements during the parallel run period)                              4,606,786               4,092,890                          12.56
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                Increased by 0.17
                                                                                           11.95%                  11.78%                percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                     Increased by 0.07
                                                                                           12.69%                  12.62%                percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                           Decreased by 0.14
                                                                                           15.54%                  15.68%                percentage point
      Information on leverage ratio(2)
      Adjusted balance of on- and off-balance sheet assets                              8,604,521               7,812,054                          10.14
      Leverage ratio                                                                                                                    Increased by 0.18
                                                                                             6.79%                   6.61%               percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)      The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
                (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement
                Approach, the scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries.
                The scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and sub-
                branches of China Merchants Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy ratio
                included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management and China Merchants Fund.
                During the parallel run period when the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital measurement is implemented, a commercial bank
                shall use the capital floor adjustment coefficients to adjust the amount of its risk-weighted assets multiplying the sum of its minimum capital
                required and reserve capital required, total amount of capital deductions and the allowances for excessive loan loss which can be included into
                capital. The capital floor adjustment coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively in the first year, the second year, and the third and
                subsequent years during the parallel run period. 2019 is the fifth year since the implementation of the parallel run period.

      (2)      Since 2015, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks
                (Revised)” promulgated by the former CBRC on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 6.62%, 6.43% and 6.82% respectively
                as at the end of the third quarter of 2019, the end of the first half of 2019 and the end of the first quarter of 2019.
40   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement
           Approach was 15.27%, representing a decrease of 0.25 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
           year, while the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the
           Advanced Measurement Approach were 12.23% and 11.48%, representing a decrease of 0.02 percentage point and
           an increase of 0.09 percentage point respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                      the end of the current
                                                                                                                                           year as compared
                                                                                       31 December              31 December              with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       2019                     2018                previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Advanced Measurement Approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                             478,083                420,996                              13.56
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                  509,336                452,449                              12.57
           Net capital                                                                         635,977                573,466                              10.90
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements
             during the parallel run period)                                                3,426,517               3,142,192                               9.05
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                          2,960,115               2,698,166                               9.71
                 Market risk weighted assets                                                   51,112                  60,272                            (15.20)
                 Operational risk weighted assets                                             415,290                 383,754                               8.22
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
             floor requirements during the parallel run period)                             4,163,903               3,694,893                          12.69
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                               Increased by 0.09
                                                                                               11.48%                  11.39%                percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                   Decreased by 0.02
                                                                                               12.23%                  12.25%                percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                          Decreased by 0.25
                                                                                               15.27%                  15.52%                percentage point



           As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach was
           13.02%, representing a decrease of 0.04 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the Tier
           1 capital adequacy ratio and the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach
           were 11.30% and 10.64% respectively, representing an increase of 0.26 and 0.33 percentage point respectively, as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                      the end of the current
                                                                                                                                           year as compared
                                                                                       31 December              31 December              with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       2019                     2018                previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Weighted Approach(note)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                            550,339                 482,340                          14.10
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                 584,436                 516,433                          13.17
           Net capital                                                                        673,366                 611,025                          10.20
           Risk-weighted assets                                                             5,170,500               4,677,967                          10.53
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 10.64%                  10.31%                Increased by 0.33
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                       11.30%                  11.04%               Increased by 0.26
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                              13.02%                  13.06%              Decreased by 0.04
                                                                                                                                             percentage point

           Note: The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Measurement Approach for market risk and the
                 Basic Indicator Approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)”
                 issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         41
Annual Report 2019


      As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach was
      12.53%, representing a decrease of 0.13 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the Tier
      1 capital adequacy ratio and the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach
      were 10.75% and 10.09% respectively, representing an increase of 0.20 and 0.27 percentage point respectively, as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                              Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                            the end of the current
                                                                                                                 year as compared
                                                                          31 December         31 December      with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               2019                2018        previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Weighted Approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                  478,083            420,996                     13.56
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                       509,336            452,449                     12.57
      Net capital                                                              593,418            542,610                       9.36
      Risk-weighted assets                                                   4,737,827          4,286,653                     10.53
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                       10.09%              9.82%           Increased by 0.27
                                                                                                                    percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                             10.75%            10.55%           Increased by 0.20
                                                                                                                    percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                    12.53%            12.66%          Decreased by 0.13
                                                                                                                    percentage point



      Balance of credit risk exposures
      During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the internal ratings-based approach (IRB approach)
      was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail, shareholding and
      others. The balances of various risk exposures are as follows:

      (in millions of RMB)                      Type of risk exposure                              Legal person              Group
      Portion covered by                        Financial institution                                 1,447,567          1,447,567
        the IRB approach                        Corporate                                             1,943,103          1,943,103
                                                Retail                                                3,028,344          3,028,344
                                                   Of which: Residential mortgage exposures           1,101,367          1,101,367
                                                      Qualified revolving retail                      1,464,643          1,464,643
                                                      Other retail                                      462,334            462,334
      Portion not covered                       On-balance sheet                                      2,304,065          2,699,308
        by the IRB approach                     Off-balance sheet                                       135,076            148,314
                                                Counterparty                                             12,843             21,784



      Measurement of market risk capital
      The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital. Specifically, it uses the Internal Model-based
      Approach to calculate the general market risk capital of the Company (excluding overseas branches), and uses the
      Standardised Measurement Approach to calculate the general market risk capital of overseas branches and affiliated
      companies of the Company as well as the specific market risk capital of the Company and its affiliated companies.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the market risk-weighted assets of the Group were RMB66.514 billion,
      and market risk capital requirement was RMB5.321 billion, of which the general market risk capital requirement
      calculated under the Internal Model-based Approach was RMB2.670 billion, and the market risk capital requirement
      calculated under the Standardised Measurement Approach was RMB2.651 billion.
42   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           The Group’s market risk capital under the Internal Model-based Approach was calculated using the market risk value
           based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding period of 10 days. The
           following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                             Distressed risk       General risk
                                                                                              value during        value during
           (in millions of RMB)                                                              the reporting       the reporting
           No.                           Item                                                        period             period
           1                             Average value                                                   604                200
           2                             Maximum value                                                 1,001                278
           3                             Minimum value                                                   405                133
           4                             Value at the end of the period                                  597                161




     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
           The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
           summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.


                                                                       2019                                 2018
                                                                  Profit
                                                              before tax               Net       Profit before              Net
           Items                                             by business         operating    tax by business         operating
           (in millions of RMB)                                segments            income           segments            income
           Retail finance                                         66,417           144,716            58,263           125,843
           Wholesale finance                                      46,431           111,832            39,914           109,295
           Other businesses                                        4,284            13,240             8,320            13,306
           Total                                                 117,132           269,788           106,497           248,444

           During the reporting period, the percentage of profit from retail finance of the Group increased. Profit before tax
           amounted to RMB66.417 billion, up by 14.00% from the previous year, accounting for 56.70% of the profit before
           tax of the Group, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.99 percentage points; net operating income amounted
           to RMB144.716 billion, up by 15.00% from the previous year, accounting for 53.64% of the net operating income
           of the Group, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.99 percentage points. At the same time, the cost-to-income
           ratio of retail finance business was 33.74%, representing a decrease of 1.73 percentage points as compared with
           the previous year.
           For details of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial statements.



     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
     3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
           financial position and operating results and the related information
           The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent
           liabilities. Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, operating leasing commitments,
           capital expenditure commitments, securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments,
           pending litigations and disputes and other contingent liabilities. Among which, the credit commitment is the
           primary component. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was
           RMB1,779.313 billion. For details of the contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the
           financial statements.



     3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.
China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                43
Annual Report 2019


The following content and data starting from Section 3.8 are analysed from the
perspective of the Company.


3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
       During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the development strategy of “Light-operation Bank” and the
       strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”. While staying current with the pulse of staged development
       of China’s banking industry, the Company further advanced the exploration of its business model towards stage 3.0
       based on the advantages in structure and quality achieved in stage 2.0.
       During the reporting period, the information technology expenses of the Company amounted to RMB9.361 billion,
       representing a year-on-year increase of 43.97%, and the ratio of which to the Company’s net operating income was
       3.72%. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank declared a total of 2,260 Fintech innovation projects, with
       1,611 projects approved, of which 957 projects have been launched and put in use, covering such areas as retail,
       wholesale, risk, technology and organisational culture transformation, which provided a solid support for exploring
       the business model 3.0.



1.     Reshape the digital retail finance system under the guidance of the “North
       Star” Metric MAU.
       The first is digital customer acquisition. We used the CMB APP and CMB Life APP as the platforms to explore
       and build the digital customer acquisition model and secure new growth drivers in customer acquisition through
       co-branded marketing, linked marketing, scenario marketing, branded advertising marketing, self-media fan
       marketing and MGM (Member Get a Member) social marketing. As at the end of the reporting period, the
       aggregate number of users of CMB APP amounted to 114,000,000, with the percentage of debit card customer
       acquired through digital channel reaching 24.96%2; the aggregate number of users of the CMB Life APP amounted
       to 91,264,300, with the percentage of digital acquisition of credit card customers reaching 64.32%.
       The second is digital operation. During the reporting period, the monthly active users (MAU) of the Company’s
       two major APPs, i.e. the CMB APP and CMB Life APP, amounted to 102,000,000, representing an increase of
       25.58% compared with the end of the previous year, which made these two APPs our major platforms for
       customer operation. Firstly, we further enhanced the efficiency of financial services based on digital operations.
       During the reporting period, the wealth management transaction via the CMB APP amounted to RMB7.87 trillion,
       up by 25.72% year-on-year, and accounting for 71.52% of the Bank’s wealth management transaction. Wealth
       management customers using CMB APP amounted to 7,620,900, up by 50.17% year-on-year, and accounted for
       89.96% of the Bank’s total number of wealth management customers. Secondly, we continuously strengthened the
       online interaction with our customers through digital operations. During the reporting period, the number of logins
       to the CMB APP was 6.093 billion, with a monthly average logins of 11.82. 44 of our branches have opened the
       City Zones (城市專區), and 1,403 of our outlets have opened their online stores. Meanwhile, we actively explored
       effective methods for operation of retail customers with online and centralised models, covering 4,690,000 Golden
       Card Holder customers and Sunflower customers. Thirdly, through the opening of the platforms, the Company
       constantly improved the efficiency of service innovation. By opening the APP platforms internally, all our branches
       can quickly provide new services by developing applets on the CMB APP, and by opening the API (Application
       Programming Interface) to our partners externally and focusing on key scenarios such as meal tickets, movie tickets,
       transportation, and handy services for the public, etc., the boundary of service was further expanded. During the
       reporting period, the CMB APP and the CMB Life APP had over 10 million MAUs engaging in 16 scenarios; the use
       rates of the financial scenario and non-financial scenario3 of the CMB APP were 83.79% and 69.80%, respectively,
       and the use rates of the financial scenario and non-financial scenario of the CMB Life APP were 76.21% and
       73.90%, respectively.
       The third is digital risk control. We have been continuously strengthening and expanding its intelligent risk control
       platform known as the “Libra System”, with its scope of counterfeit detection covering all online and offline transaction
       channels, and further optimised reminding and interception of telecom frauds. During the reporting period, the “Libra
       System” was able to intercept a suspected fraudulent transaction within 30 milliseconds, reducing the ratio of counterfeit
       and misappropriation by non-cardholders to 8/10,000,000. It intercepted 80,000 telecom fraud transactions with an
       amount of more than RMB1.8 billion, providing strong protection of the capital of our customers.


2
     In 2019, the Company optimised the calculation calibre for the percentage of debit card customer acquisition through digital channel. The percentage of
     debit card customer acquired through digital channel under the same calibre was 18.60% in 2018.
3
     In 2019, the Company optimised the data calculation calibre, and re-divided the scenario attributes in the APP, and calculated the use rate after
     de-duplicating the financial/non-financial scenarios. Financial scenario usage = financial scenario de-duplicated MAU/total MAU, non-financial scenario
     usage = non-financial scenario de-duplicated MAU/total MAU. The same user may use two types of scenarios at the same time. Therefore, the sum of the
     use rate of the two types of scenarios is greater than 100%.
44   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     2.    Reshape the wholesale business specialised service system from an ecological
           perspective.
           First, we continuously improved the hierarchical and classified customer operation system. We deepened the
           understanding of regional markets, advantageous industries and high-quality customers, focused on core customers,
           implemented the “direct operation + industry franchise” model, and built a hierarchical and classified customer
           operation system. We rendered coordinated services for strategic customers, institutional customers, financial
           institution customers, and small- and medium-sized customers in the supply chain, and fully improved the customer
           service experience in terms of credit strategy, product strategy, service strategy, and resource allocation.
           Second, we strengthened our professional service capabilities through digital transformation. Firstly, we
           strengthened the construction of the digital operation platform. We relied on the CMB Corporate APP to build an
           open all-scenario mobile service platform for corporate users. As at the end of the reporting period, the number
           of CMB Corporate APP customers amounted to 1,000,800, representing an increase of 87.45% compared with
           the end of the previous year, with 426,500 MAUs, representing an increase of 136.68% compared with the end
           of the previous year under the same statistical calibre. We built a unified digital platform for corporate customers
           – CMB Open Platform, exploring ways to support the transformation of business models with standardised and
           modularised services, while responding quickly to customers’ needs. Secondly, we achieved the online migration of
           the wholesale financial products. We continued to advance the online processing of the bill business. During the
           reporting period, the business volume of online bill discounting amounted to RMB300.623 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 46.02%, with 13,509 online bill discounting customers, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 48.29%. Among them, small-, medium- and micro-sized enterprise customers accounted for 92%, indicating
           a continuous improvement in our digital inclusive financial service capability. Thirdly, we enhanced our digital risk
           control capabilities. We integrated the internal and external data to build customer-related knowledge graph, while
           strengthening its risk analysis capabilities for specific scenarios, and establishing the risk characteristic models which
           included scenarios such as guarantee circles, financial judicial disputes, risk transmission, risk-related public opinion,
           financing of small loan companies, policy interpretation, data quality inspection, credit approval and authorisation.
           We also built an intelligent pre-warning system for corporate customers which is based on the machine learning
           algorithm. As at the end of the reporting period, the accuracy ratio of wholesale intelligent rating and pre-warning
           continued to improve. The accuracy ratio of the intelligent rating system for corporate customers was 52.60%
           higher than the traditional rating, and the accuracy ratio of pre-warnings on the corporate customers with potential
           risks reached 75%.
           Third, we achieved ecological operations by leveraging the industrial Internet. We unblocked the industry chain from
           three aspects, i.e. digital operation of the account and payment system, digital financing, and output of Fintech
           capability. In terms of the unified payment and settlement system, the Company has realised the innovative bill
           collection and classification functions and the settlement model for internal accounts on the B2B platform. During
           the reporting period, the comprehensive settlement solution “Cloud Bill” has served 5,766 corporate customers,
           with a transaction volume of RMB287.271 billion; the aggregated collection business focused on the four major
           scenarios, i.e. insurance, medicine, education and fast consumption. The number of transactions reached 502 million
           with a total volume of RMB146.647 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 267.51%.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        45
Annual Report 2019


3.    Continue to create a bank offering best customer experience by taking process
      optimisation as the starting point.
      All retail and wholesale lines of the Company have established professional user experience teams, with “creating
      values for customers” as the starting point to promote the improvement of customer experience. During the
      reporting period, the Company, on one hand, reconstructed the retail customer experience monitoring system. The
      wind chime system version 1.0 went online to connect to 20 internal systems, monitoring 923 customer experience
      indicators, achieving the real-time monitoring and digital presentation of retail customer experience and preliminarily
      constructing the experience vane and service upgrading engine for retail customers. Digital processing was realised
      in the entire approving process of retail credit loans , with a year-on-year reduction of 20% in the approval time
      of the approval centre. We adopted the “End-to-End Customer Journey Methodology (端到端客戶旅程方法論)”,
      focusing on reshaping the entire process experience with respect to retail customers’ first business journey, MGM
      (Member Get a Member) journey, payroll service journey, and credit card bill installment journey, with significant
      improvements. The first business journey project shortened the total time for retail customers to open an account at
      an outlet by approximately 25%. For the MGM journey, we focused on solving the weakness of “multiple process
      breakpoints (流程斷點多)”. The monthly average number of users participating in referrals doubled, and the monthly
      average number of users who accepted referrals and successfully opened accounts increased by 30%, with a
      significant improvement in customer acquisition. For the payroll journey, we reduced the service contracting process
      from 17 to 5 steps, greatly improving the process efficiency. After the credit card billing installment journey was
      optimised, customer satisfaction increased by 15%. On the other hand, we comprehensively diagnosed the business
      journey of key corporate customers, continuously promoted online processing of approval, risk, compliance and
      operation, and continued to advance the reshaping of various service processes. Deposit collection supported the
      autonomous completion of relationship managers’ mobile ends on a 7 × 24 hours basis. Full-process online credit
      authorisation and inquiry were realised. The time required for the full process of inquiry was shortened from about
      one week to only 5 minutes at shortest. The time required for the full process of withdrawal under high-frequency
      business credit such as banks acceptance, working capital loans and letters of guarantee was reduced by 37%
      compared with the previous year. We established a number of offline corporate customer Fintech experience centres
      across the country, providing customers with the online operation experience environment for 38 corporate products.



4.    Constantly enhance the basic technology capabilities with openness and
      intelligence as the core elements
      In terms of Cloud + API, the Company accelerated the transformation of the system architecture, aiming to create an
      open IT architecture, and establish a large-scale digital infrastructure based on Cloud computing technology. During
      the reporting period, the total deployment of X86 servers increased by 60.67% year-on-year. With the expanded
      application of a new generation of PaaS (Platform as a Service) platform, the percentage of Cloud migration of
      the applications across the Bank reached 44%. At the same time, we continuously enhanced its capability of open
      banking. The “Open API Platform” for the Bank’s unified external services supported secure and fast output of
      APIs, serving different scenarios such as financial payment, AI, intelligent parking, and intelligent medical care.
      We empowered 629 cooperative companies. In terms of Big Data + AI, the Company upgraded its Big Data Cloud
      platform to increase the overall capacity of the data lake to nearly 9.8PB, with the data in the lake increasing
      by 68% compared with the previous year. Based on the integration of internal and external data, the Company
      expanded the research and application of AI technology, established three major AI cloud services, i.e. intelligent
      customer service, risk-related public opinion and computer visualisation, and launched three major AI solutions:
      i.e. knowledge management, digital marketing and risk management, to support the intelligent development of
      our businesses. In terms of the blockchain, the Company improved and developed standard sub-chain and BaaS
      (Blockchain as a Service) platform ecology, with a total of 25 applications. At the same time, the Company continued
      to deepen the integration of businesses and technologies, and fully advanced the transformation of the value-
      driven lean R&D. As at the end of the reporting period, more than 60% of the technology teams have formed cross-
      functional teams with the business department, thereby achieving lean and agile transformation and continuously
      improving the quality and speed of delivery.
46   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     5.    Optimise the organisational structure and cultural atmosphere by focusing on
           removing inherent barriers, empowering frontlines and reducing burden on
           grassroots.
           Relying on the “Egg Shell (蛋殼)” platform of our internal forum, we continued to build a cultural atmosphere of
           “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness”. During the reporting period, a total of 1,263 opinions and
           suggestions on the “Egg Shell” platform were adopted, with an adoption rate reaching 29%. Through the special
           action of “removing inherent barriers, empowering frontlines and reducing burden on grassroots (打破豎井、 賦
           能減負)”, we rectified the defect of “large-sized enterprises”, removed systematic and business barriers, said no to
           formalism, and empowered frontline employees and reduced their burdens. We refined the corporate culture into a
           code of action, introduced the “Simple Work Style” proposal, including ten work styles such as “do the right thing,
           whether it is in your KPI or not”, and guided all members to form a cultural consensus.



     3.9 Changes in External Environment and Corresponding Measures
     3.9.1 Impacts of changes in operating environment and key business concerns
     1.    Net interest margin
           In 2019, the net interest margin of the Company was 2.65%, representing an increase of 1 basis point year-on-year.
           The net interest margin for the whole year showed a trend of high to low, mainly because the Company seized
           the opportunities of asset investment at the beginning of the year and increased credit assets, especially increasing
           the granting of high-yield retail loans. Meanwhile, the PBOC reduced the deposit reserve ratio three times. The
           Company’s deposits with the central bank accounted for a smaller proportion of interest-earning assets, and the
           asset structure was further optimised, driving the net interest margin to rise steadily. However, due to the downturn
           in real economy and weak corporate financing needs, loan yields declined during the year. Meanwhile, in order to
           accept the wealth management funds due to customers, the Company took the initiative to moderately increase the
           supply of deposit products with relatively high costs such as structured deposits and large-denomination certificates
           of deposit in the second half of the year. The cost of liabilities increased, leading to a decline in net interest margin.
           Looking forward into 2020, the net interest margin of the Company will remain under pressure. On the one hand,
           the domestic economic growth will continue to face downward pressure. Together with the impact of the COVID-19
           pandemic, the macroeconomic and financial situation can hardly be optimistic. At the same time, the loan prime
           rate (LPR) will continue to advance, pushing forward the domestic interest rate marketisation steadily. It is expected
           that the interest rate will further move downwards, and the asset pricing of commercial banks will face some
           downward pressure. On the other hand, the competition for deposits is expected to remain fierce. Meanwhile,
           under the influence of the continued awakening of customers’ investment consciousness, the cost of deposits will
           still face rigid upward pressure. To cope with the downward pressure on the net interest margin, the Company
           will continue to strengthen its evaluation on the macro situation and policies, reinforce the forward-looking and
           flexible management of assets and liabilities and constantly optimise the asset-liability structure. On the asset side,
           we will maintain the steady growth of credit assets. On the liability side, we will insist on focusing on the growth
           of low-cost core deposits, and strengthen the control over the limits of deposits with relatively high costs such
           as structured deposits and large-denomination certificates of deposit. Meanwhile, the Company will also further
           improve its risk pricing management capabilities. Through the above measures, the Company strives to maintain the
           net interest margin at a better level in the industry.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                            47
Annual Report 2019


2.    Loan prime rate (LPR)
      The loan prime rate (LPR) reform is an important measure for China to deepen the reform of interest rate
      marketisation and carry forward the “unification of interest rates”, which will have an important impact on the
      Company’s loan pricing, interest rate risk management and net interest income. First, loan pricing has become
      more market-oriented. Under the new quotation mechanism and pricing method, LPR has gradually strengthened
      its role in guiding the pricing of newly granted loans. Loan pricing is more closely linked to market interest rates,
      which poses a great challenge to the comprehensive pricing capabilities of banks. Second, the difficulty in managing
      interest rate risks has increased. Subsequent loan business will gradually be based on market-oriented interest rates.
      Different benchmarks for deposit and loan pricing will lead to increased benchmark risks and a shift in exposure. At
      the same time, the volatility of loan interest rates and net interest margin will increase. Third, net interest income
      is facing downward pressure. Taking into account the domestic and international macroeconomic situation, it is
      expected that LPR will continue to decline in 2020, driving loan pricing downwards, which will have a certain
      negative impact on the Company’s loan interest income.
      At present, the Company has used the LPR benchmark in all newly granted RMB general loan businesses (including
      corporate loans and retail loans). In the fourth quarter of 2019, the percentage of the Company’s newly granted
      RMB general loans priced with reference to the LPR benchmark was 91.72%, and the central bank’s guidance target
      has been completed in advance.
      After shifting the loan pricing benchmark from the existing floating rate to the LPR, the transmission of market
      interest rates to credit rates will be smoother, and the fluctuation of loan interest rates will also increase, which will
      bring more difficult challenges to the management of interest rate risks. The Company has made full preparations
      for the rise in the interest rate risk level brought by the unification of interest rates, and timely adjusted the direction
      and intensity of the measure for the active management of interest rate risks. It is expected that the overall interest
      rate risk will be controllable in the future.
3.    Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Company realised net non-interest income of RMB84.194 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 8.03%, which accounted for 33.49% of the net operating income of the Company, up by
      0.16 percentage point year-on-year. The growth in net non-interest income was mainly explained by the followings:
      firstly, benefiting from the continuous increase in the total wealth of residents and the demand for wealth
      management, income from the wealth management business such as agency distribution of insurance policies and
      agency sale of trusts grew satisfactorily; secondly, in line with the development trend of consumer finance and
      mobile payment, credit card business income and electronic payment income grew steadily; thirdly, we seized the
      opportunity to expand the bond underwriting and bill businesses during the period when market interest rates
      trended down, bond underwriting income and bills sell-off spread income grew satisfactorily.
      During the reporting period, against the backdrop of a decline in macroeconomic growth, the complex and repeated
      trade frictions between China and the United States, and the continued advancement of the transformation of
      asset management, the Company still maintained its strategic focus, accelerated customer expansion and in-depth
      operations, and continuously improved its asset allocation capabilities and service efficiency so as to drive the steady
      growth of fee and commission income. During the reporting period, the Company recorded fee and commission
      income of RMB72.866 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.90%. For key projects, the Company’s fee
      and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB23.972 billion, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of 4.67% (of which: income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB6.774 billion, up
      by 13.13% year-on-year, which mainly benefited from the customer base advantage and leading product creation
      capabilities of the Company; income from entrusted wealth management services amounted to RMB6.558 billion,
      down by 14.18% year-on-year, which was mainly due to the impact of New Regulation on Asset Management;
      income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB5.790 billion, up by 22.00% year-on-year,
      which was mainly due to the overall recovery of the insurance industry and the gradual appearance of the effect
      of the transformation of regular premium plan in the insurance business; income from agency distribution of funds
      amounted to RMB4.730 billion, down by 29.06% year-on-year, which was mainly due to an increase in the year-
      on-year base amount resulting from the optimisation and improvement of the accrual accounting of the Company’s
      income from agency distribution of funds in 2018; and income from agency distribution of precious metals
      amounted to RMB120 million, up by 16.50% year-on-year). Income from bank card fees amounted to RMB19.446
      billion, up by 16.98% year-on-year; income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB11.461 billion, up
      by 11.91% year-on-year; custodian fee income amounted to RMB3.605 billion, down by 18.79% year-on-year, which
      was mainly due to a decline in the overall custody fee rate in the market.
48   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           In 2020, affected by factors such as a declining macroeconomy and the further advancement of the structural
           readjustment, the growth of non-interest net income of the banking industry will still face with many challenges.
           The Company will adhere to stable operation, focusing on the two major growth drivers of customers and
           technologies, and proactively promote the formation of new business models and the further optimisation of
           the business structure, actively tap potential businesses to increase revenue, and facilitate the development of
           non-interest business. Firstly, we will consolidate the advantages of the retail business, with the agency distribution
           of mutual funds and the agency distribution of insurance policies as the main growth drivers, and rely on online and
           digital transformation to foster product allocation concepts and increase the revenue from customers. Meanwhile,
           we will grasp the development pace of the credit card business, balance the growth of risks and scale, actively
           adjust and optimise the asset structure, and increase customer stickiness and transaction frequency through
           in-depth operations. Secondly, through building a systematic business model of wholesale customers, products and
           risk management, we will improve our customer operating capabilities and service efficiency, accelerate the online
           transformation of the Company’s products, optimise the business structure, and achieve the restorative growth of
           non-interest income from wholesale business such as transaction banking, asset management, asset custody, and
           investment banking.
     4.    Proprietary deposits
           In 2019, although the growth rate of the broad measure of money supply (M2) improved marginally, it was still at
           a low level in recent years, and the year-on-year growth rate of deposits of financial institutions was only slightly
           higher than the previous year by 0.76 percentage point. In 2019, the balance of the Company’s proprietary deposits
           increased by 9.96% over the end of the previous year, and the growth rate increased by 1.70 percentage points
           over the end of the previous year. This was mainly due to two reasons: firstly, the Company continued to promote
           low-cost general deposit growth by increasing customer base expansion and strengthening the optimisation of the
           deposit structure; secondly, while maintaining a relatively high level of net interest margin, the Company moderately
           increased the supply of deposit products such as structured deposits and large-denomination certificates of deposit,
           and actively diverted customer funds, increasing the Company’s deposit market share.
           In 2019, demand deposits accounted for 59.06% of the daily average balance per year of the Company’s customer
           deposits, a year-on-year decrease of 2.50 percentage points. The main reasons included: firstly, due to insufficient
           medium- and long-term financing needs of enterprises, a decline in deposit derivation, the weakening of capital
           needs in capital-intensive industries, and the insufficient activation of corporate funds, the growth of corporate
           demand deposits slowed down; secondly, due to the gradual implementation of the New Regulation on Asset
           Management, part of the wealth management funds due were taken over by time deposits such as structured
           deposits and large-denomination certificates of deposit, which led to the increase of retail time deposits being
           higher than that of demand deposits.
           In 2020, macroeconomic operation will still face downward pressure. The Company expects that it will still face the
           challenges of fierce competition from peers in deposit growth and the rigid increase in deposit costs. Under such
           circumstance, the Company will adhere to the dominant position of low-cost core deposits and strive to maintain
           a relatively high percentage of demand deposits; strengthen the management of the pricing of deposit products,
           and enhance the quota control over high-cost active liabilities so as to maintain their percentage in proprietary
           deposits at a desirable level. Meanwhile, we will fully explore the favourable conditions for abundant market capital,
           reasonably arrange active liabilities with a higher degree of marketisation in addition to proprietary deposits, and
           further enrich the source of liabilities. Through the above measures, the Company expects that proprietary deposits
           will maintain a steady growth, and to a certain extent, alleviate the upward pressure on deposit costs.
China Merchants Bank                Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                   49
Annual Report 2019


5.     Investment of loans
       In terms of retail loans, the Company continued to increase the granting of retail loans in 2019, with retail loans
       maintaining a good growth trend. Retail loans totaled RMB2,327.955 billion, an increase of RMB340.368 billion or
       17.12% over the end of the previous year, and accounted for 55.73% of the Company’s total loans and advances,
       an increase of 1.30 percentage points over the end of the previous year. In terms of mortgage loans, the Company
       seized the business opportunity of personal housing mortgage loans in the first half of the year, appropriately
       accelerated the pace of granting, and increased the allocation of credit lines, thus supporting residents’ reasonable
       need for home ownership. In terms of retail micro-finance loans, the Company actively responded to national
       policies and regulatory requirements, vigorously supported the development of the real economy. In particular,
       guided by inclusive finance, it vigorously supported the development of the retail micro-finance loan business.
       In terms of corporate loans, the growth rate of corporate loans in 2019 had slowed down slightly from the previous
       year. This was mainly because amidst the current economic downturn, enterprises were not eager to expand
       business, and financing needs were relatively insufficient. In order to meet the challenge of insufficient effective
       credit demand, on the one hand, the Company continued to optimise the business structure of corporate loans,
       increased the corporate project financing reserves, and moderately increased the promotion of medium- and
       long-term financing projects. On the other hand, provided that regional and industry risks were controllable, the
       Company seized market opportunities such as the shift in driving forces and supply chain finance, made full use of
       the inclusive financial evaluation subsidy policy, and increased the promotion of the corporate small-finance loan
       business.
       In terms of inclusive finance, the Company continued to promote inclusive finance business. As at the end of the
       reporting period, the balance of the Company’s inclusive corporate small-finance loans4 was RMB453.329 billion,
       representing an increase of RMB60.154 billion or 15.30% compared with the end of the previous year, achieving the
       target of “increase in both total loans and number of loan customers, and control of both loan quality and overall
       costs” as requested by CBIRC. It was expected that the Company could continue to enjoy preferential policies such
       as exemption on VAT for corporate small-finance loans and targeted statutory deposit reserve ratio cuts. However,
       this would ultimately depend on the review and approval of the relevant regulatory authorities.
       In 2020, the macroeconomy is still facing downward pressure, and the effective demand of enterprises is
       still insufficient. Together with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the advancement of interest rate
       marketisation, the granting of loans will still be faced with challenges. To overcome the above challenges, so far
       as the investment target of the loan business is concerned, the Company will rationally formulate mortgage loan
       and corporate mortgage loan growth plans to effectively manage and control the concentration of loans in the real
       estate industry. It will encourage investment in non-real estate industries, and grasp market opportunities such as
       the shift in driving forces and supply chain finance, and increase the granting of loans to advanced manufacturing
       industries and strategic emerging industries. Meanwhile, provided that risks are controllable, the Company will
       actively meet the effective financing needs of small- and micro-sized enterprises and private enterprises, and
       continuously optimise the existing loan business structure. Through the above efforts, the Company will strive to
       maintain the steady growth of credit assets, with the Annual incremental ratio of corporate loans and retail credit
       remaining stable as compared to 2019.




4
     Refers to the small- and micro-sized enterprise loans + private industrial and commercial business operating loans + small- and micro-sized enterprise
     operating loans with a single-account credit limit of RMB10 million, according to the appraisal calibre of “increase in both total loans and number of loan
     customers, and control of both loan quality and overall costs” of CBIRC, which is the full-scale RMB domestic calibre, including bill financing.
50   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     6.    Asset management business
           Since the implementation of the New Regulation on Asset Management, the Company has actively adapted to the
           requirements of the new regulatory regulations and supporting policies, actively promoted the transformation of
           the asset management business, and accelerated preparations for the establishment of CMB Wealth Management
           Company Limited. On 5 November 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, CMB Wealth Management,
           officially came into operation. CMB Wealth Management will serve the strategic positioning of “One Body with
           Two Wings” of the Company, and is committed to meeting the needs of investors in preserving and increasing their
           wealth, and will leverage the independent legal person advantages of the asset management business with the
           vision of becoming “a domestically and internationally leading comprehensive asset management organisation” and
           a focus on improving the seven major capabilities of product design, investment research, asset investment, product
           sales, risk management, financial technology, and group collaboration.
           The Company believes that since 2019, a series of policies supporting the New Regulation on Asset Management
           have played an important role in guiding, standardising and leading the healthy development of the asset
           management business, and are conducive to creating a healthy and stable market environment. The majority of the
           Company’s existing non-standardised assets will expire in the transition period. Meanwhile, the Company will also
           actively follow the regulatory guidance to continue to steadily promote the transformation of wealth management
           products. The Company focused on the five major product lines of cash management, fixed income, multi-assets,
           stocks, alternative and other products to build a product line that covers the entire customer base. It is expected that
           the scale of wealth management products will maintain steady growth in 2020, and income from entrusted wealth
           management services will remain stable. For other details of the asset management business, please refer to 3.10.2
           “Asset management business” in this chapter.
     7.    The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company was 1.21%, representing a
           decrease of 0.20 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, while the proportion of special-
           mentioned loans in total loans was 1.18%, down by 0.38 percentage point from the end of the previous year; the
           proportion of overdue loans in total loans was 1.46%, down by 0.19 percentage point from the end of the previous
           year. The allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans was 430.02%, representing an increase of 66.81
           percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The loan allowance ratio was 5.19%, up by 0.05
           percentage point from the end of the previous year. The credit cost ratio was 1.34%, representing a year-on-year
           decrease of 0.34 percentage point. The risk exposure was generally stable.
           During the reporting period, affected by rising credit card risks, both the formation amounts and formation ratios of
           the Company increased. Overall, in 2019, the Company recorded new non-performing loans formed of RMB44.215
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB8.937 billion, with a formation ratio of non-performing loans
           of 1.13%, up by 0.12 percentage point year-on-year. In terms of business category, the formation amounts and
           formation ratios of non-performing credit cards increased. The formation amounts and formation ratios of non-
           performing corporate loans increased slightly and remained unchanged, respectively, while those of the retail
           loans (excluding credit cards) remained relatively stable. From the regional perspective, the formation amounts
           and formation ratios of non-performing loans in the Head Office, Western China, Central China, Pearl River Delta,
           and West Side of Taiwan Strait increased, while those in Bohai Rim, Yangtze River Delta, overseas regions and
           Northeastern China fell. From the industrial perspective, the formation amounts and formation ratios of non-
           performing loans in the leasing and commercial service, transportation, storage and postal services increased. From
           the perspective of customer base, the formation amounts and formation ratios of non-performing loans to the large-
           sized enterprises increased, while those to the medium- and small-sized enterprises fell.
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen the disposal of non-performing loans, taking
           various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. In 2019, the Company disposed of non-performing loans
           amounting to RMB45.663 billion, of which RMB25.431 billion was written off in a normal way, RMB10.403 billion
           was recovered by collection, RMB6.326 billion was securitised as non-performing assets, and RMB3.503 billion was
           disposed of by repossession, assignment, restructuring, upward migration, remission and other means.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         51
Annual Report 2019


      In 2019, the Company continued to accelerate the process of securitisation of the non-performing assets with an
      efficient and well-established asset securitisation operation mechanism. During the reporting period, the Company
      launched five securitisation projects, and disposed of non-performing assets with principal value in aggregate of
      RMB6.326 billion, and the nominal value of securities issued amounted to RMB835 million. The Company holds 5%
      of each tranche of such securities in accordance with regulatory requirements. The remaining portion of securities
      were subscribed for by investors in the open market. The securitisation of the non-performing assets of the Company
      concluded with a number of achievements, i.e. establishment of a market-based issuing and pricing mechanism,
      realisation of real sale and bankruptcy ringfencing of the assets, transmission from asset holding to asset services,
      optimisation of the assets and liabilities structure, and improvement on asset liquidity and revenue structure.
      In addition, since the reactivation of the pilot project of debt-to-equity conversion in 2016, in accordance with
      the “Guidelines on Marketisation of Debt-to-equity Conversion of Banks” issued by the State Council, the
      Company advanced the market-oriented debt-to-equity conversion, carefully selected qualified debt-to-equity
      conversion subjects, reasonably formulated debt-to-equity conversion plans, and actively and steadily promoted the
      implementation of the debt-to-equity conversion projects.
      In 2020, the macroeconomic and financial situation will become more complex and changeable. Together with the
      impact of COVID-19 pandemic, the Company’s asset quality management will be faced with challenges. In this
      regard, the Company will strengthen the pre-judgment of risk evolution trends, enhance industry and customer
      research capabilities, strengthen scientific and technological empowerment, adjust the customer structure and the
      business structure, optimise the credit access standards, and reinforce full life cycle process management such as
      risk pre-warning, effectively dispose of non-performing assets, strive to maintain stable asset quality, consolidate the
      results of risk management and further increase the level of risk management.
8.    Asset quality in key areas
      In response to changes in external macroeconomic situation, the Company proactively strengthened the control of
      its risks associated with consumer credit business, real estate industry, local government financing platforms, the
      industries from which our loans should be reduced and recovered and other key areas.
      Risk management and control for consumer credit business
      Being confronted with an overall rise in risks in the entire consumer finance industry, the Company adhered to a
      prudent risk appetite and a stable risk strategy, persisted in value customer orientation, actively paid attention to
      changes in external risk trends. The Company has prejudged joint debt risks since 2017, and rationally arranged
      business investment and growth strategies, and continuously adjusted and optimised its customer base and asset
      structure and allocation. The Company comprehensively adopted various risk control measures, improved the
      comprehensive credit management system characterised by “classified operation and unified management” for
      customers, strengthened the pre-warning of risky customers, expanded collection resources, enhanced post-lending
      collection, and increased its efforts in disposal such as the securitisation and writing-off of non-performing assets.
      The Company continued to advance the construction of scientific and technological risk control, optimised the
      iteration of risk prevention models, regularly conducted joint debt risk monitoring and investigation, and deployed
      and dynamically optimised risk strategy linking measures. As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing
      loan ratio of credit card loans was 1.35%, an increase of 0.24 percentage point over the end of the previous year;
      and the non-performing loan ratio of personal consumption loans was 1.18%, an increase of 0.05 percentage point
      over the end of the previous year. From a short-term perspective, the industry is still in a period of risk release.
      Together with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the quality of the Company’s consumer credit assets will still
      face pressure. However, from a long-term perspective, the Company has a prime customer base. The crossover with
      the joint debt risk customer base is mainly concentrated in a small number of subordinated customers, with a limited
      size. The quality of assets will remain relatively stable.
52   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Risk management and control for real estate credit business
           The Company attached great importance to the control of asset quality and risk prevention in the real estate sector.
           The Company optimised its internal credit policy in a dynamic manner according to the policies on adjustments to
           the real estate industry, regulatory requirements and industrial developments in active response to the guidance
           of national policy in accordance with the overall strategy of “steady granting, structural adjustment, quota
           management”. As at the end of the reporting period, the risk exposure of our businesses with domestic real estate
           enterprises (calculated on the broad statistical calibre) amounted to RMB508.331 billion (including businesses such as
           actual and contingent credit, bond investments, proprietary trading and investment of wealth management products
           in non-standardised assets), representing an increase of RMB23.784 billion as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Included therein was the balance of loans to domestic real estate enterprises which amounted to RMB284.263
           billion, representing an increase of RMB39.142 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and were
           mainly granted to the quality strategic customers while putting a strict curb on the grant of any incremental loans
           to those customers not in the strategic customer list. Balance of such loans accounted for 6.81% of the total loans
           and advances granted by the Company, up by 0.10 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the assets in the domestic real estate enterprises were of good quality with a
           non-performing loan ratio of 0.36%, down by 0.73 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In 2019, policies on financing for real estate enterprises were tightened. It is expected that in 2020, some real estate
           enterprises with high costs and high leverage will face an increase in financial pressure to a certain extent. The
           Company will continue to adjust the real estate enterprises and regional asset structure. It is expected that without
           significant changes in macro environment and industrial policies, the asset quality of the Company in the real estate
           sector will remain relatively stable.
           Risk management and control for local government financing platform business
           The Company strictly implemented legal procedures and adhered to legal and compliant operations in accordance
           with the State’s requirements to strengthen local governments’ debts management, prevent and defuse the risks
           on local governments’ implicit liabilities and further regulate the financing platforms as well as the investment
           and financing activities conducted by local state-owned enterprises. The Company upheld the overall principle of
           “supporting preferential clients in selective areas in compliance with regulatory requirements and through quota
           management”, focused on supporting construction projects included in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay
           Area, regional economic integration in the Yangtze River Delta and other key planning regions, carefully selected
           its business based on the degree of the coverage of its own debts by the operating cash flow of projects and
           customers, actively participated in the underwriting of and investment in local government bonds, enhanced quota
           management on full statistical calibres, and strengthened post-lending management and monitoring. As at the end
           of the reporting period, the balance of risk exposure of our businesses with local government financing platforms
           (calculated on the broad statistical calibre) amounted to RMB256.208 billion (including businesses such as actual
           and contingent credit, bond investments, proprietary investments and fund investments of wealth management
           products), representing a decrease of RMB24.777 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. Included
           therein was the balance of loans on balance sheet which amounted to RMB106.175 billion, representing an increase
           of RMB3.789 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounted for 2.54% of the total loans and
           advances granted by the Company, down by 0.26 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           There was no non-performing asset for our businesses involving local government financing platforms. Against the
           backdrop that the national fiscal and financial policies remain stable, it is expected that the quality of the Company’s
           assets granted to local government financing platforms will remain stable in 2020.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                   53
Annual Report 2019


      Risk management and control for industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from
      For the 16 industries 5 that we have reduced or withdrawn from such as coal, iron and steel, shipbuilding,
      photovoltaic and coal chemicals, the Company continued to implement the strategy of industry classification
      management, raised its entry threshold for customers, prioritised services to satisfy green credit financing needs
      related to energy conservation and environmental protection and technological upgrading, moderately increased
      financing support for high-quality leading enterprises in the industry, devoted efforts to reducing and withdrawing
      from customers associated with significant risks and “difficult-to-improve” operating conditions, and achieved the
      optimised allocation of the asset structure and the customer structure through total amount control, elimination
      of the inferior and selection of the superior. As at the end of the reporting period, the business financing exposure
      to the industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from6 (calculated on the full statistical calibre) amounted to
      RMB123.994 billion, representing a decrease of RMB2.811 billion as compared with the beginning of the year. The
      exposure to 4 industries including iron and steel, shipbuilding, basic chemical and coal chemical increased, and
      the exposure to the remaining 12 industries all declined. The non-performing loan ratio was 6.07%, down by 3.49
      percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by a continued decline in the risk exposure
      to and the scale of individual major customers, the non-performing loan ratio of 6 industries including mining and
      dressing of metals, coal chemical, water transport, fertiliser, textile chemical fibre and nonferrous metal smelting
      and calendaring was higher than that at the beginning of the year. The non-performing loan ratio of the other 10
      industries was lower than that at the beginning of the year. It is expected that the overall risk in these industries is
      controllable in 2020.
9.    Capital management
      The Company continued to optimise its business structure and enhance capital management. During the reporting
      period, the Company satisfied the minimum capital requirements on the transition period arrangement, the reserve
      capital requirements and the countercyclical capital requirements of the CBIRC, with relatively adequate capital
      buffer.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of the Company’s risk-weighted assets under the Weighted
      Approach to total assets was 68.07%; the percentage of risk-weighted assets under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach to total assets was 59.82%, lowered by 8.25 percentage points as compared to that under the Weighted
      Approach, indicating an effective saving in capital. The risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC, before tax) under the
      Advanced Measurement Approach was 26.22%, significantly higher than the cost of capital.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of risk-weighted assets (without taking into consideration
      the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company
      was only 9.05%, lower than the growth rate of risk-weighted assets under the Weighted Approach of 10.53%,
      which was mainly attributable to the Company’s continuous promotion of the strategy of “Light Capital”, resulting
      in further optimisation in the business structure. The growth rate of risk-weighted assets (having taken into
      consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the Advanced Measurement Approach was
      12.69%, higher than the growth rate of the risk-weighted assets under the Weighted Approach, which was mainly
      due to the impact of regulatory measurement rules requiring more risk-weighted assets to be added back under the
      Advanced Measurement Approach. According to the regulatory minimum capital calculation rules, the risk-weighted
      assets added back from the minimum capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach are positively related to
      their over-allowances. As the Company has adhered to a more prudent and sound risk management strategy, the
      allowances in 2019 were adequate and the excess-allowances calculated into the Tier 2 capital under the Advanced
      Measurement Approach increased correspondingly. The risk-weighted assets added back from the minimum capital
      increased by RMB184.7 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, thereby accelerating the growth in the
      risk-weighted assets under the Advanced Measurement Approach (taking into consideration the floor requirements
      during the parallel run period). As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company
      under the Advanced Measurement Approach increased as compared with the end of the previous year, but the total
      capital adequacy ratio decreased as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the redemption of
      Tier 2 capital debt amounting to RMB11.3 billion during the year. If this factor is excluded, the capital adequacy
      ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach increased by 0.02 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year.




5
      The 16 industries refer to coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical, metal ore mining, nonferrous metal smelting and
      calendaring, shipbuilding, glass, water transport, textile and chemical fibre, photovoltaic, fertiliser, engineering machinery and machine tool.
6
      The statistical calibre of the industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from has been changed, and the figures at the beginning of the year have
      been adjusted with the same calibre.
54   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           The Company adhered to the development strategies of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, and
           constantly promoted the innovation and development of assets securitisation business to provide room for capital
           saving. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company issued a total of 18 asset securitisation projects through
           the inter-bank market with a total issue size of RMB120.783 billion. The underlying assets included auto installment
           loans, credit card loans, personal housing mortgage loans, non-performing mortgage loans and non-performing
           credit card loans.
           In order to ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the Company’s business, protect the long-term
           interests of shareholders and enhance the capability of risk resisting, with the approval of the Board of Directors and
           Shareholders’ general meeting, the Company decided to issue write-down undated capital bonds with an issue size
           of not more than RMB50 billion in China to supplement the Company’s other Tier 1 capital. For details, please refer
           to the relevant announcements published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           and the Company. At present, the issue is still subject to regulatory approval. The issue of write-down undated
           capital bonds is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s ROE and other indicators. The Company
           will continuously improve the level of shareholder returns through various methods such as improving the efficiency
           of capital utilisation and optimising the structure of assets and liabilities.
           In recent years, the “stringent regulatory requirements” of the regulatory authorities have become a norm.
           Regulatory documents in specific areas such as the New Regulation on Asset Management, the “Guidelines on
           Improving the Supervision of Systemically Important Financial Institutions (《關於完善系統重要性金融機構監管的指
           導意見》 )” have been issued in succession. The international regulatory reform has continued to advance, and the
           final reform plan of Basel III will be fully implemented in the next few years. Being confronted with this situation, the
           Company will continue to stick to the following principles in capital supplement: fund generation and accumulation
           are mainly from internal resources, with capital replenishment through external resources as additional assistance;
           fund-raising is achieved through various channels and ways. The Company will continue to enhance the concept of
           refined capital management, continuously promote the application of the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC),
           the economic value added (EVA) and other valuation indicators, trace the progress of international capital regulatory
           reform, continue to implement the internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (ICAAP), keep a dynamic
           balance of supply and demand of capital, and comprehensively plan the use of various capital instruments. Through
           the above efforts, the capital adequacy ratio of the Company is expected to achieve its goals, i.e. the core Tier 1
           capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the capital adequacy ratio will reach and maintain
           above 9.5%, 10.5% and 12.5%, respectively, in 2020 and 2021.
     10.   Increase in monthly active users (MAU)
           In 2019, the Company continued to use monthly active users (MAU) as the North Star Metric, focused on building
           the capability of acquiring mass customers at low cost and the capacity of digital operation, built new momentum
           for the development of retail business, promoted the continued growth of MAU, and created new competitive
           advantages. As at the end of the reporting period, the MAU of “CMB” and “CMB Life”, two major apps of the
           Company, exceeded 100 million, indicating that the Company had reached a new level on the road to digital
           operation.
           In the future, the Company will make efforts in the following aspects for the continuous promotion of the
           growth of MAU. Firstly, the Company will carefully polish various digital platforms, improve the operating system,
           accelerate the iteration and optimisation of the two major apps of “CMB” and “CMB Life”, and create a brand new
           digital operation and service platform for users as many as 100 million. Meanwhile, the Company will strengthen
           empowerment in the aspects of data, traffic, platform and tool to enhance the coordinated operation capabilities
           of the two major apps. Secondly, based on the existing customer acquisition system, the Company will establish
           a centralised direct marketing and sales team to strengthen the market development capabilities of branches in
           undertaking frontline work; accelerate breakthroughs in new customer acquisition models such as digital customer
           acquisition to increase the proportion of digital customer acquisition; explore the construction of open banking,
           actively carry out cross-sector cooperation, and promote the sustained and rapid growth of users and customers.
           Thirdly, the Company will carry out data intelligent applications in marketing, risk control, customer service and
           operations by making full use of Fintech, increase capabilities in digital operation, and improve user retention,
           conversion and value realisation in the apps. Meanwhile, the Company will strengthen the expansion of scenarios,
           enrich its capabilities of serving various scenarios, and constantly increase loyalty of customers.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       55
Annual Report 2019


3.9.2 Outlook and countermeasures for 2020
      In 2020, domestic economic growth will remain under pressure due to overlapping internal and external
      contradictions. Externally, although the first stage of trade agreement between China and the U.S. has avoided
      further deterioration of the trade frictions, the U.S. has only slightly reduced the tariffs imposed on China as
      currently the average tariffs rate imposed on China by the U.S. remains close to five times of that before the
      commencement of the trade friction, which will still have significant negative impact on China’s economy.
      Domestically, the COVID-19 pandemic will drag down economic growth significantly in the short term while
      weakening resident consumption upgrade and declining momentum of investment in real estates under the
      background of low fertility and aging population has resulted in growth of manufacturing investment in the bottom
      range with possible narrowing of trade surplus.
      In 2020, China’s GDP may be exposed to significant impact in the first quarter and experience a restorative rebound
      afterwards. The main pressure comes from the COVID-19 pandemic and the trade frictions. In respect of investment,
      the COVID-19 pandemic will pose significant pressure on real estate investment while real estate regulatory policies
      for some areas may be relaxed. Growth of manufacturing investment may continue to be sluggish due to the
      impact of the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with slowing growth of corporate profit and weakening confidence in
      capital expenditure. Infrastructure investment will become the main driver for “steady growth” with further rising
      probability of growth. In respect of consumption, the COVID-19 pandemic will have a relatively large- impact on
      consumption in the first quarter while declined growth in resident incomes will also be unfavorable to consumption
      growth for which the government may soon launch a stronger consumption stimulus policy. In respect of trade,
      trade frictions will still have negative impact on imports and exports while overseas development of the COVID-19
      pandemic will have significant impact on external demand and curb global trade activities. After the pandemic
      shocks, China’s aggregate supply and demand will experience restorative rebound but the annual GDP growth rate
      will be negatively affected. In respect of prices, under the impact of surging pork prices, the year-on-year growth
      rate of the CPI in the year may be the highest around the Spring Festival and is expected to decline afterwards; the
      year-on-year growth rate of PPI may still hover around zero due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
      In respect of exchange rate, although the RMB faces triple pressure from the US dollar index, the COVID-19
      pandemic and the trade frictions, cross-border funds will increase their allocation in the Chinese market against high
      interest spreads between China and the United States, a “monetary-easing (寬鬆潮)” in global monetary policy and
      China ‘s increased financial openness, which will support the repeated fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate around
      7:1.
      In respect of fiscal policy, due to the advent of the peak period of local governments’ debt repayments and weak
      growth of fiscal revenue, there will be less room for tax and fee reduction. Affected by the COVID-19 pandemic,
      the governments may increase the rigorousness of fiscal policy by further increasing the targeted deficit rate and
      expanding the scale of new special bonds issuance. In respect of expenditure, it is still necessary to continue to
      reduce general expenditures to ensure funding in key areas with multiplier effects. Expenditure in areas such as
      urban and rural community affairs, energy conservation and environmental protection, agriculture, forestry and sea
      products, and debt interest payments that involve the “three major battles (三大攻堅戰)” may maintain relatively
      rapid growth. Affected by the pandemic, the proportion of fiscal expenditure in the public health sector will increase
      significantly. New policies such as funds raised from special bonds can be used as project funds and the increase
      in the proportion of infrastructure projects may significantly increase the stimulus of fiscal funds on infrastructure
      investment.
56   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Monetary policies have opened space under the global coordinated “monetary-easing (寬鬆潮)”. Affected by the
           pandemic or the loosed margins, efforts on countercyclical adjustments are strengthened while focus is made
           on solving structural problems. In respect of quantitative control, the central bank is expected to further cut the
           benchmark interest rate and flexibly use targeted tools such as targeted RRR cuts, Short-term Lending Faculity (SLF),
           medium-term Lending Faculity (MLF), relending and bill re-discounting to maintain reasonably adequate liquidity and
           reasonable growth in social financing, and may support infrastructure construction through mortgage replenishment
           loans. In respect of price regulation, the policy interest rates for all maturities may be lowered in full scale, and the
           LPR will be guided further downward by lowering the MLF, while the deposit interest rate may be guided downward
           by adjusting the benchmark deposit rate.
           Under sound monetary policies, credit policies will continue to encourage banks to increase their support for the
           real economy, especially the “small- and micro-sized enterprises” and “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” as well
           as pandemic areas and pandemic control-related industries; meanwhile, investment in infrastructure and resolving
           hidden debts by local government still require support of bank credits. It is expected that the scale of bank credits
           will continue to expand at a relatively fast pace. With further advanced consolidation and reform of interest rate, the
           switch from existing loan interest rate to the LPR benchmark rate will push the return on equity of banks downward
           and further narrow the interest margin. In the context of deepening financial supply-side structural reforms, policies
           encourage the optimisation of financing structures, and capital markets are expected to develop faster, while
           intermediary businesses related to banks and capital markets also enjoy better development environment. In terms
           of supervision, 2020 will see the end of the “three tough battles”. On the premise of keeping the bottom line of
           systemic risks, the state will accurately deal with risk institutions. It is expected that liquidation of non-performing
           assets of banks will be expedited and capital replenishment will be vigorously carried out. Some small- and medium-
           sized banks may experience restructuring, mergers and acquisitions.
           In view of the current environment, the Company will maintain stable growth of deposits and loans in 2020, with
           an expected overall growth rate at around 10%. Against complex and difficult environment at home and aboard,
           the Company will maintain its strategic confidence by returning to the origin of customer service, adhering to the
           strategic direction of “Light-operation Bank” and the strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”. Focusing
           on the two main themes of customers and technologies with “openness and integration” as the methodology,
           the Company will enhance professional capabilities and consolidate digital infrastructure to promote organisation
           evolution and cultural transformation, continuously building the 3.0 business model.
           Firstly, we will strengthen internal integration. We will break the boundaries of system, data, organisation
           and business to concentrate internal forces on serving customers and interaction with the market. Retail relies on
           digital means to integrate various products, online and offline channels, financial and non-financial services as
           well as equity systems to open up the customer service ecosystem and form the ability to provide continuous value
           for customers. For corporate business, it emphasises on the integration of strategic customers and small business,
           investment banking and asset management business as well as transaction banking business. We will promote the
           integration of retail and wholesale businesses by building a “B2B2C” ecological service chain to form an organic
           cycle of “one body” and “two wings” for inter-promotion. We will strengthen integration of front-office, middle-
           office and back-office to keep abreast of customers and the market. We will promote domestic and overseas
           integration by building a system of multinational business cooperation and global service system for servicing
           companies and private banking customers.
           Secondly, we will strengthen external connections and open-up. We will open to the outside world for
           empowerment by active integration into the life circle of retail customers to provide customers with more financial
           and non-financial value-added services. We will actively integrate into the business circle of corporate core customers
           and participate in the process of industrial Internet, transforming customer awareness and industry awareness into
           the system and risk control abilities for serving the core customer ecosystem, so as to accelerate model innovation
           for empowerment of corporate customers and their employees and C-terminal clients.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      57
Annual Report 2019


      Thirdly, we will seize market opportunities and improve professional abilities. We will seize capital market
      opportunities and residents’ demand for preserving and adding value of assets by striving for enhancing asset
      allocation service capability, market expansion capability and digital middle-desk capability of retail business.
      In line with the trend towards counter-cyclical adjustment and open-up, our business will continue to focus on
      professional capability construction, vigorous development of institutional business, enhancing the competitiveness
      of international business, forming project financing system capability, and improving system capabilities for direct
      financing. We will seek both temporary and permanent solutions by consolidating and improving our ability of
      comprehensive risk management. We will eliminate blind spots and improve the system, with close attention to
      risks in key areas and continuous strengthening of basic management. Meanwhile, we will consolidate our risk
      management capabilities by deep integration of business.
      Fourthly, we will construct a future-oriented Fintech infrastructure. We will accelerate construction of cloud
      computing capabilities to speed up progress of cloud adoption, and enhance data middle-desk construction to
      promote data access. We will also strengthen data governance to enhance the convenience and ease of data
      application; build a data application tool platform to lower the threshold of data application; and promote the
      connection and opening of systems to get through the work flow and information flow of all systems for achieving
      one access to the whole bank. We will decouple the system with an open mindset, turning functional modules into
      micro-based services and products, and will deposit all kinds of general capabilities into the middle-desk of the
      system.
      Fifthly, we will promote open and integrated organisation evolution as well as cultural transformation.
      We will promote across-business-line integration of task-oriented project teams to drive talent flows, break
      traditional organisation boundaries and stimulate the vitality of the organisation. We will encourage employees to
      do the right thing by ongoing implementation of the “Simple Work Style”. Meanwhile, we will further promote
      “removing inherent barriers, empowering frontlines and reducing burden on grassroots (打破豎井， 賦能減負)”
      while integrating management into services, consistently applying “openness and integration” in the standards for
      evaluation and appointment of cadres, hence building a cadre team with a grand mindset and a strong sense of
      openness.



3.10 Business Operation
3.10.1 Retail finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the profit from the retail finance business of the Company maintained rapid growth,
      with profit before tax amounting to RMB65.158 billion, representing an increase of 13.86% as compared with the
      previous year. Net operating income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB142.558 billion, representing
      an increase of 15.66% as compared with previous year and accounting for 56.71% of the net operating income
      of the Company. Among the income from retail finance, the net interest income amounted to RMB95.184 billion,
      representing an increase of 18.19% as compared with previous year and accounting for 66.77% of the net
      operating income from retail finance; the net non-interest income amounted to RMB47.374 billion, representing an
      increase of 10.90% as compared with previous year while accounting for 33.23% of the net operating income from
      retail finance and 56.27% of the net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting period, the retail
      finance of the Company recorded a fee income of RMB19.337 billion from bank cards, representing an increase
      of 17.09% as compared with previous year; the fee and commission income from retail wealth management was
      RMB19.453 billion, accounting for 41.96% of the net fee and commission income from retail finance.
      2019 was a crucial year for the Company’s digital transformation of retail finance 3.0. Facing competition from
      peer companies in the same and other industries, the Company focused on the goal of creating the “bank offering
      best customer experience”, aiming to form business control while insisting on optimising customer base and asset
      structure, strengthening construction of technology empowerment, continuously exploring multi-dimensional
      business models to accelerate the creation of a service system for all customers, all products and all channels, and
      further promoting the digital transformation of retail finance 3.0 so as to seize the commanding heights of future
      development strategies.
58   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Retail customers and total assets under management from retail customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 144 million retail customers (including debit and credit card
           customers), representing an increase of 14.82% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which, the
           number of Sunflower-level and above customers (those with minimum daily average total assets of RMB500,000
           for each month) reached 2,647,700, representing an increase of 12.07% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The balance of total assets under management from our retail customers amounted to RMB7,493.955 billion,
           representing an increase of 10.17% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which, the balance
           of total assets under management from the Sunflower-level and above customers amounted to RMB6,085.225
           billion, representing an increase of 10.48% as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for
           81.20% of the balance of total assets under management from retail customers of the Bank. As at the end of
           the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company amounted to RMB1,674.223
           billion, representing an increase of 16.53% as compared with the end of the previous year and ranking first among
           national small- and medium-sized banks according to data released by the PBOC. During the reporting period, the
           demand deposits accounted for 67.34% of the daily average balance of deposits per year from retail customers of
           the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 148,000,000 All-in-one Cards had been issued by the
           Company for retail customers, up by 11.89% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In 2019, the Company achieved steady growth in the number of retail customers and total assets under
           management from customers through ongoing value creation for customers and upgrading the new service model
           of “people + technology” led by digital transformation to create the best customer experience. As at the end of
           the reporting period, the Company had established an operating service system fully connecting finance and life,
           strengthened refined management while expanding the boundaries of customer services to continuously enhance its
           strength of professional competence and comprehensive financial services for customers, so as to enhance its core
           competitiveness in retail finance and consolidate its leading edge.
           Wealth management
           In 2019, the Company recorded RMB1,883.358 billion in the balance of year-end retail wealth management
           products, representing an increase of 15.33% as compared with the end of the previous year. The sales of non-
           monetary mutual funds amounted to RMB219.770 billion, an increase of 33.89% as compared with the previous
           year, a result of the fact that the Company seized opportunities in the capital market to focus on customer needs.
           The Company recorded RMB339.476 billion in agency distribution of trust schemes, representing an increase
           of 5.33% as compared with the previous year; and RMB94.319 billion in premiums from agency distribution of
           insurance policies, representing an increase of 33.88% as compared with the previous year. In 2019, the Company
           recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth management business of RMB19.453 billion, among
           which, income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB6.432 billion, income from agency
           distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB5.788 billion, income from agency distribution of funds amounted
           to RMB4.713 billion and income from entrusted wealth management amounted to RMB2.401 billion. For details of
           the reasons of changes in fee and commission income from wealth management, please refer to 3.9.1 “Net interest
           margin” in this chapter.
           During the reporting period, facing intensifying market competition, the Company maintained its differentiated
           leading edge in wealth management business by strengthening its capabilities of customer base expansion and
           operation as well as product creation and refined management. Firstly, the Company carried out management
           by class and by group centering on customer needs, allocating the right products for the right customers in the
           right channels through construction of a refined service system. Secondly, the Company innovatively created a
           comprehensive financial service system in response to customers’ changing needs of wealth management. Thirdly,
           the Company promoted digital transformation by creating an efficient digital operation center and building a
           full-channel online and offline integrated operation service system. Fourthly, the Company continued to improve
           customer experience by enhancing its front-line professional level through people + intelligence. Affected by
           regulatory policies for wealth management, the Company faced new challenges as well as opportunities in its wealth
           management business. During the process of further promoting net value-based wealth management, the Company
           actively explored new development ideas for wealth management, cooperated with CMB Wealth Management
           Company Limited to conduct wealth management agency sales business, got a good insight in customer needs and
           paid attention to industry trends, and carried out creation of differentiated and customised products. Meanwhile, the
           Company continued to improve the after-sales service system, enriched the forms of customer investment education,
           and optimised the whole process service experience of wealth management to create the brand advantage of wealth
           management. During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote the Sunflower Wealth Planning
           Service System (金葵花財富規劃服務體系) and launched the wealth planning service on the CMB APP, striving to
           provide customers with a whole life-cycle wealth management plan for gaining long-term happiness for customers.
           The Company also constantly optimised analysis services of customers’ asset allocation and offered full-asset
           management service to customers through the use of Fintech, big data as well as online-offline integration, so as to
           earnestly cater to customers’ need for comprehensive wealth management.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         59
Annual Report 2019


      Private banking
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 81,674 private banking customers (retail customers of
      the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
      11.98% as compared with the end of the previous year; total assets under management from private banking
      customers amounted to RMB2,231.052 billion, representing an increase of 9.40% as compared with the end of the
      previous year; total assets per account amounted to RMB27.3166 million. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the Company has established a high-end customer service network consisting of 79 private banking centers and 61
      wealth management centers in 67 domestic cities and 7 overseas cities.
      The Company provided professional, comprehensive, private and confidential private banking financial services
      in areas of investment, taxation, legal affairs, mergers and acquisitions, financing and liquidation for high-worth
      customers at the three levels of individuals, families and enterprises. Always thinking from the perspective of
      customers and taking investment advisory services as the core, the Company kept strengthening its professional
      capacity for private banking business and deepening its comprehensive operation and service to customers, so as to
      create value for customers. Firstly, the Company continued to deepen customer acquisition system by strengthening
      customer base expansion. Secondly, by virtue of Fintech, the Company continued to make meaningful attempts in
      improving accurate identification of customer needs, offering professional financial solutions, cultivating professional
      skills of relationship managers, and improving internal operational efficiency to promote efficient operation of
      business. Meanwhile, the Company continuously enriched and upgraded the contents of comprehensive financial
      services and non-financial services to provide customers with comprehensive and effective integrated solutions.
      Going forward, the Company will continue to construct an open product platform for entrusted wealth management
      cooperation together with CMB Wealth Management Company Limited, and will implement various corresponding
      tasks according to the principles of marketisation within the overall framework of business cooperation.
      Credit cards
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 95.2999 million active credit
      cards, representing an increase of 13.04% as compared with the end of the previous year, and there were 64.5048
      million active credit card users, representing an increase of 11.16% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The balance of credit card loans was RMB670.992 billion, representing an increase of 16.62% as compared
      with the previous year. The percentage of revolving balances of credit cards was 22.38%. In 2019, the credit card
      transactions of the Company amounted to RMB4,348.615 billion, representing an increase of 14.62% as compared
      with the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB53.999 billion, representing an increase
      of 17.44% as compared with the previous year. Non-interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB25.989
      billion, representing an increase of 25.42% as compared with the previous year.
      Against the backdrop of gradual exposure of risks brought by the previous rapid development of the cash loan
      industry, the Company effectively balanced risks and returns by upholding prudent risk appetite and grasping the
      rhythm and structure of business growth on the basis of a sound risk management system, seeking sustainable and
      healthy development of the credit card business. As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan
      ratio of the Company’s credit cards was 1.35%, up by 0.24 percentage point as compared with the end of the
      previous year, while the risk indicators were stable and controllable as a whole. In the long run, the quality of the
      Company’s credit card loan assets will remain stable. For analysis of the risk management and control of consumer
      credit businesses, please refer to 3.9.1 “Asset quality in key areas” in this chapter.
60   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           During the reporting period, the Company adhered to an innovation-driven and technology-driven approach to
           maintain a good momentum of business development. Details include: continuous adjustment to and optimisation
           of new customer structure, active exploration of new models of customer acquisition through social activities, and
           strengthening refined management of offline channels; further optimising card using environment for life scenarios
           such as meal coupons and movie tickets; continuously upgrading of domestic and overseas marketing activities
           by launching the super reward for the 10th anniversary of the “10 yuan storm (10元風暴)”, and launching the
           “Super Global (非常全球)” plan by establishing a cooperation platform jointly with five major international card
           organisations; refining the credit card product portfolios by launching the “Pokémon (寶可夢)” fans cards jointly with
           the IP “Pokémon”, and combining with young people’s characteristics of exploring the world and pursuing freedom
           to launch the brand new “Constellation Guardian (星座守護)” credit card and the “Free Life (自由人生)” platinum
           credit card; adhering to asset structure optimisation by continuously improving the satisfaction and marketing
           efficiency of consumer financial products to promote the formation of a quantification-based and customer-centric
           digital operation system; construction of an AI service platform with full efforts for active promotion of Fintech
           applications to create a big data ecosystem for further enhancement of user experience. In addition, the Company
           officially released the CMB Life APP 8.0 to restructure connection with customers from the three dimensions of
           content ecosystem, quality e-commerce and auto life. For details of the CMB Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3
           “Distribution Channels” in this chapter.
           Retail loans
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB2,327.955 billion,
           representing an increase of 17.12% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 55.73% of
           the total loans and advances to customers, up by 1.30 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year. In particular, total amount of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans) reached RMB1,657.034
           billion, representing an increase of 17.33% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 39.67%
           of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing an increase of 1 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
           As to business development, the Company developed its mortgage business in a steady manner under local real
           estate control policies in support of residents’ reasonable needs for their own homes. Under the premise of fully
           assessing risks, the Company actively implemented the state’s inclusive finance policy to accelerate investment in
           inclusive micro-finance loan business, and meanwhile use Fintech to launch the “CMB APP” specifically for serving
           small- and micro-sized enterprises to provide them with intelligent, professional and integrated financial services to
           solve their problems of difficult and expensive financing. The Company strictly controlled the usage of consumption
           loans and guided a light development path of consumption loans towards the operation mode with online, small-
           value and customised features. Through the above measures, the Company realised healthy development of its retail
           credit business. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance of residential mortgage
           loans of RMB1,098.547 billion, representing an increase of 19.23% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The balance of micro-finance loans amounted to RMB405.149 billion, representing an increase of 16.09% as
           compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of consumption loans amounted to RMB123.691 billion,
           up by 17.32% as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
           had 6,422,300 retail loan customers, representing an increase of 35.63% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The rapid expansion of customer base was mainly attributable to the light customer acquisition model through
           online resources.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       61
Annual Report 2019


      As to the quality of assets, the Company kept stabilising the quality of retail loan assets by constantly optimising
      its policies for retail loans and enhancing its risk management capabilities. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the balance of the special mention retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB27.457 billion, and its special
      mention retail loans ratio was 1.18%, down by 0.15 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The balance of non-performing retail loans amounted to RMB17.054 billion, and the non-performing loan
      ratio was 0.73%, down by 0.06 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among retail non-
      performing loan portfolio, the non-performing ratio of micro-finance loans was 0.81%, down by 0.53 percentage
      point as compared with the end of the previous year due to accelerated disposal of the non-performing micro-
      finance loans; the non-performing ratio of consumption loans was 1.18%, up by 0.05 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year. Excluding credit cards, the mortgage and pledged loans accounted for 75.43%
      of the balance of new non-performing retail loans of the Company in 2019, with a mortgage and pledge rate of
      40.34%. Given that the vast majority of such new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by collaterals, the
      final loss was not substantial.
      As to risk management, the Company continued to expand the breadth and depth of internal and external data
      resources, and strengthened the quantitative risk capability composed of “data + platform + model + application”
      to form a comprehensive risk management system driven by big data and quantitative model. The Company insisted
      on taking high-quality customers with a job and income in a stable industry as the major subject of customer
      acquisition to penetrate into different real consumption application scenarios. The Company carried out in-depth
      mining of internal and external data to depict, verify and restore customers’ real status of assets and liabilities on
      a multi-dimensional basis, and establish personal income forecasting models for formation of a unified view of
      customer risks, thus effectively preventing the “joint-debt” risk and excessive credit grants. The Company also used
      Fintech to build personal loan customer relationship maps for identifying gang crimes and enhancing the ability of
      identifying and preventing risks of external partners. With the completion of a post-loan management system, the
      risk management defense lines were continuously advanced, thus forming a closed loop of risk management.



3.10.2 Wholesale finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB45.046 billion,
      representing an increase of 5.30% as compared with the previous year. The net operating income from wholesale
      finance of the Company was RMB109.822 billion, representing a decrease of 0.93% as compared with the previous
      year, and accounting for 43.69% of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income
      of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB74.226 billion, representing a decrease of 4.00% as compared with
      the previous year, and accounting for 67.59 % of the net operating income of wholesale finance; net non-interest
      income of wholesale finance amounted to RMB35.596 billion, representing an increase of 6.16% as compared
      with the previous year, and accounting for 32.41% of the net operating income of wholesale finance business, and
      42.28% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
      Wholesale customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate depositors was 2,098,400, up by 12.94% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate depositors of the Company
      during the reporting period was 429,200, contributing daily average deposits of RMB161.045 billion.
62   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           The Company has established the corporate customer service system featuring segmentation and classification-based
           management, as well as professional and dedicated management in respect of strategic customers, institutional
           customers, small-sized enterprise customers, financial institution customers and offshore customers. With regards
           to its strategic customers, the Company adopted intensive management approach and focused on professional
           management in the industry and the integrated management for the customers, to explore new ways in the capital
           chain, industrial chain and ecological chain of the enterprises. As at the end of the reporting period, the number
           of the strategic customers under the Head Office of the Company was 2827, increasing by 31 as compared with
           the end of the previous year; the balance of daily average proprietary deposits amounted to RMB683.643 billion,
           increasing by 16.42% as compared with the beginning of the year; the balance of general loans amounted to
           RMB586.496 billion, increasing by 23.57% as compared with the beginning of the year. The Company has deepened
           its reform of the corporate financial management system during the reporting period. After the adjustment, the
           Company had 5,614 8 branch-level strategic customers. The daily average balance per year of the proprietary
           deposits amounted to RMB529.841 billion. The balance of general loans amounted to RMB240.040 billion. With
           regards to its institutional customers, the Company, by deepening the “Head Office-to-Head Office” strategic
           cooperation with the national ministries and commissions, continued to empower bank-wide customer-group
           operation and focus on fiscal, social security, public resource transactions, provident fund and other customer
           groups, fully exploited the low cost “liquid funds” and “incremental funds” of its customers, strengthened the
           “professional, scenario-based, and technology-driven” operation while making remarkable efforts in developing
           the high-value scenarios and strengthening linkage with its retail business so as to promote the rapid growth of
           institutional customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 35,400 institutional customers, up
           by 14.56% as compared with the end of the previous year, with an average daily deposit balance of RMB840.317
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.92%. The market coverage rate of local governments’ special debts
           issuance at provincial level increased from 54.28% to 77.78%. Accumulated derivative deposits were RMB262.801
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 92.53%. The Company has secured the qualification for offering
           the occupational annuity services in all the provinces which have completed such tenders, with entrusted fund
           amounted to RMB42.904 billion, representing a year-on-year significant increase of 375.65%. With regards to its
           small-sized enterprise customers, the Company actively promoted the construction of digital operation model for
           small-sized enterprise, strengthened “online + offline” channels and optimised account opening process to enhance
           its capabilities to acquire new customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of small-sized enterprise
           customers reached 1,993,000, representing an increase of 13.76% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           During the reporting period, the Company accelerated the construction of supply chain framework, continued
           to focus on three major customer bases, which were Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼), upstream and downstream
           enterprises of strategic customers and traditional enterprises with stable businesses, and innovatively developed
           online financing products such as “Zheng Cai Dai (政採貸)” and “Tui Shui Dai (退稅貸)” to continuously improve the
           financing product offerings for small-sized enterprise customers. The Company increased the types of standardised
           financing products for small-sized enterprise customers subject to centralised approval, so as to give full play to
           the advantage of centralised approval in efficiency. With regards to its financial institution customers, the
           Company, by establishing the financial institution customer service system featuring “centralised management,
           segmentation-based and intensive management”, subdivided two types of customer bases including strategic
           customers and basic customers, carried out in-depth management of strategic financial institution customers under
           comprehensive service plans and used Fintech methods to quickly access to basic customers, so as to efficiently
           create value for its financial institution customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the numbers of strategic
           financial institution customers at the Head Office-level and branch-level reached 67 and 196, respectively. With
           regards to its offshore customers, the Company continued to deepen the segmentation-based management of
           offshore customers, focus on strategic customers and new economic customers, conduct name list marketing, and
           used Fintech to enable new marketing methods.




     7
           The number of strategic customers at the Head Office level is that of the group customers as the strategic customers at the Head Office level operated
           by the Company in 2019.
     8
           The number of strategic customers at the branch level is that of the corporate customers as the strategic customers at the branch level operated by the
           Company in 2019.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                 63
Annual Report 2019


      Corporate loans
      As at the end of the reporting period, total corporate loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,624.314 billion,
      representing an increase of 6.96% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 38.89% of
      total loans and advances to customers of the Company. Among them, the balance of the medium- and long-term
      loans to domestic enterprises amounted to RMB810.964 billion, accounting for 54.59% of the total loans to
      domestic enterprises, and representing an increase of 7.31 percentage points as compared with the end of the
      previous year. The non-performing loan ratio of our corporate loans was 2.05%, representing a decrease of 0.32
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the weighted average default probability of the
      risk exposure of the domestic non-defaulting corporate customers9 was 0.99%, down 0.17 percentage point as
      compared with the beginning of the year. The quality of corporate loan assets was controllable.
      Since the underlying data is subject to adjustment or elimination as a result of change in classification of certain
      enterprises after they have grown larger in scale at the beginning of the year, the calibre of our large-, medium- and
      small-sized enterprises business at the beginning of the year was adjusted as compared to the end of the previous
      year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s loans granted to domestic large-sized
      enterprises amounted to RMB1,269.737 billion, representing an increase of 5.92% (calculated on the Bank’s
      calibre) as compared with the beginning of the year, accounting for 85.47% of our total loans granted to domestic
      enterprises, down by 0.45 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan
      ratio was 1.91%, down by 0.07 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of the
      Company’s loans granted to domestic medium-sized enterprises amounted to RMB120.9 billion, representing a
      decrease of 3.74% (calculated on the Bank’s calibre) as compared with the beginning of the year, accounting for
      8.14% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, down by 0.86 percentage point as compared with the
      beginning of the year; the non-performing loan ratio was 5.16%, down by 1.28 percentage points as compared
      with the beginning of the year. The balance of the loans granted to domestic small-sized enterprises amounted
      to RMB94.854 billion, representing an increase of 33.99% (calculated on the Bank’s calibre) as compared with
      the beginning of the year, accounting for 6.39% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, up by 1.31
      percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan ratio was 2.74%, down by
      2.39 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year.
      During the reporting period, from the perspective of continued operations and asset portfolio allocation, the
      Company steadily increased investment in incremental assets and optimised the structure of existing assets, closely
      followed national key strategic plans, especially for the medium- and long-term investment in Guangdong-Hong
      Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Yangtze River Economic Belt and other
      key areas. The Company continued to support real economy development, and increase support for the green
      industries and strategic emerging industries. The Company continued to explore new financial services for private
      enterprises through the use of big data, promote standardised products investment to further realise the support
      for private enterprises. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of green loans of the Company was
      RMB176.773 billion, representing an increase of RMB10.740 billion as compared with the end of the previous year,
      and accounting for 10.88% of the total corporate loans; the balance of loans to strategic emerging industries10 was
      RMB145.747 billion, representing an increase of RMB15.418 billion as compared with the beginning of the year and
      accounting for 8.97% of the total corporate loans. For further details of loans extended to the sectors which are
      subject to the strict regulation of the nation, such as the real estate industry and the local government financing
      platforms, please refer to section 3.9.1”Asset quality in key areas”.




9
      In 2019, adjustment was made to the primary scale and to the figures at the beginning of the year accordingly.
10
      According to the statistical system of the CBIRC in 2019 namely “G19 Loan Statistics for Industries with Key Concern”, the strategic emerging industry
      types were calculated in accordance with the new classification criteria of the “Strategic Emerging Industries Classification (2018)” of the National
      Bureau of Statistics, and the data at the beginning of the year were adjusted on the same statistical calibre.
64   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”is a strategic brand of the Company to serve the emerging innovative technology
           enterprises. During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the strategic positioning of”Qian Ying Zhan Yi
           (千鷹展翼)” customer base, while enriching and optimising featured services under “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展
           翼)”, fully promoted the establishment of “Fintech Cooperation Alliance (科技金融生態合作聯盟)”, and cooperated
           with a few dozens of equity investment funds, securities firms and service providers to establish a joint servicing
           mechanism for innovative technology enterprises, so as to nurture quality innovative technology enterprises for
           the capital markets. Meanwhile, the Company continued to bring innovative investment and loan linking services,
           launch new financial products such as “Tou Lian Dai (投聯貸)” with well-known investment institutions to meet the
           financing needs of emerging innovative technology enterprises. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
           had a total of 26,000 registered customers under “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”, representing an increase of
           1,247 customers as compared with the beginning of the year. The total amount of the credit lines granted to
           such customers amounted to RMB254.7 billion, and the balance of loans granted to such customers amounted to
           RMB41.9 billion.
           The main purpose of the Company’s syndicated loan business is to enhance interbank cooperation and information
           sharing, and to spread the risks associated with large-amount loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of syndicated loans amounted to RMB229.520 billion, up by 43.19% as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
           Bill business
           During the reporting period, the Company continuously optimised customer experience, and achieved growth in the
           number of customers of bill business as well as a solid foundation for business development. During the reporting
           period, the Company had 84,251 customers of bill business, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.63%, and its
           bills direct discounting business amounted to RMB1,236.210 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.55%,
           ranking second in the market in terms of business volume (data from China Banking Association). As at the end of
           the reporting period, the bill discounting balance of the Company amounted to RMB224.884 billion, representing an
           increase of 54.42% from the end of the previous year.
           During the reporting period, the Company actively adhered to the bill rediscounting monetary policy of the central
           bank. The business volume of bill rediscounting amounted to RMB206.326 billion, representing a year-on-year
           growth of 72.76%. The Company ranked first in terms of discounted bill balance as at the end of the year (data
           from China Banking Association). Because of the decrease in market interest rate and adjustment to internal
           operating strategy, during the reporting period, the discounted bills transferred to other financial institutions
           amounted to RMB579.229 billion, representing a year-on-year drop of 19.29%, and continued to stay ahead of its
           industry peers.
           Corporate customer deposits
           During the reporting period, the Company refocused on its business origin, created differentiated competitive
           advantages, centred on the two competitive product lines of transaction banking and investment banking to serve
           its customers, enhancing the loyalty and overall contribution of its customers through deposit products while
           realising a steady growth in corporate deposits. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate
           customer deposits amounted to RMB2,956.465 billion, representing an increase of 6.55% as compared with the
           end of the previous year; the daily average balance amounted to RMB2,894.682 billion, representing an increase of
           5.69% as compared with the previous year; the demand deposits accounted for 54.66% of the balance of the daily
           average deposits from our corporate customers. During the reporting period, the average cost ratio of deposits from
           corporate customers was 1.77%, up by 0.09 percentage point year-on-year.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        65
Annual Report 2019


      Transaction banking business
      With respect to the settlement and cash management, the Company has been committed to creating a unified
      payment and settlement platform, and expedited innovation on payment and account management. Firstly,
      the Company innovatively created a “Cloud Bill (雲賬單)” payment platform for online and offline transaction
      verification, identification and interbank payments. During the reporting period, the amount of transaction
      conducted through online payment platform was RMB287.271 billion, of which the annual transaction amount
      of five customers exceeded RMB10 billion. Secondly, the Company strengthened the extensive application of
      corporate aggregated collection business in four major industries including insurance, medicine, fast consumption
      and education as well as in social activities such as travel, convenience, medical and health care and campus, and
      promoted the development of integrated projects such as Smart Mall, Smart Business District, Smart Industrial
      Park and Smart Medical Care, to improve the retail and wholesale linking effect. During the reporting period, the
      transaction volume of corporate aggregated collection business was RMB146.647 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 267.51%. Thirdly, the Company launched the “All-in-one Cards for Company (公司一卡通)” which
      integrated functions of “deposit, withdrawal, transfer, payment and self-services”, and further incorporated it with
      CMB Corporate APP to realise comprehensive card-free operation. The Company launched “Zhang Hu Tong (賬戶通)”
      and other products to meet the customers’ needs of fund classification management, breakdown and reconciliation
      and customised interest calculation, and expanded the settlement scenarios of multi-accounts bookkeeping and
      management, so as to improve the management capability of corporate accounts. Fourthly, the Company developed
      a user fund depository system for the administration of user funds in new forms of transport business. By opening
      a nationwide unique user fund depository account for customers, users can realise functions such as “dedicated
      funds, centralised management, and transaction restrictions.” Fifthly, the Company upgraded and released CBS7.0,
      a treasury management cloud platform, incorporating technologies such as RPA (Robotic Process Automation) and
      big data analysis, to optimise global bank views, cross-border remittance tracking, internal fund valuation, automatic
      allocation of domestic and overseas funds, and integration of investment and financing management and other
      functions. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company provided treasury management services to 3,481
      group customers. The number of companies under the treasury management reached 73,600, and the number of
      transactions exceeded 29.8783 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.16%.
      In terms of trade finance, the Company proactively innovated featured products and promoted online trade
      finance. With respect to international trade financing business, the Company provided featured solutions such as
      “Engineering Guarantee (工程保)” business, “Making Payments on Behalf of Customers for Imports & Exports (進
      出口代付)” and international forfeiting secondary market (國際福費廷二級市場) business to meet the cross-border
      financing needs of strategic customers. During the reporting period, the Company’s on- and off balance sheet
      commitments in international trade finance was USD18.266 billion. In domestic trade financing, the Company
      applied Fintech innovations to provide online convenient financing services for small- and medium-sized enterprises,
      including the promotion of direct payment agency services, focusing on small-valued and fragmented supply chain
      financing scenarios for core enterprises, and serving the small- and medium-sized upstream and downstream
      companies of core enterprises. The Company launched the self-service management and verification functions of
      the “Invoice Cloud (發票雲)”platform, and vigorously explored the application of this function in domestic factoring,
      domestic letters of credit, bills and refundable tax credits for small-sized enterprise customers, to improve operation
      efficiency and effectively prevent double financing of invoices. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
      provided services to 2,131 corporate customers, checked and verified fund amounting to RMB126.334 billion. The
      Company promoted the inter-bank electronic information exchange of domestic letters of credit, launched the
      domestic electronic letter of credit system, and became the first bank in the country to pilot information exchange
      with the PBOC electronic information exchange system for letters of credit. During the reporting period, the
      Company’s domestic trade financing amounted to RMB451.988 billion, a year-on-year increase of 18.36%.
66   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           With respect to its cross-border finance, the Company proactively promoted online international business and
           continuously innovated cross-border settlement facilitation. Firstly, the Company vigorously promoted the launch
           of SWIFT GPI (Global Payment Innovation) Phase II, to expand the function of the Company’s GPI business, give
           feedback on cross-border remittance status, stop payment at real time, track payment from end to end, and enable
           transparent and predictable fees. The Company’s cross-border fund receipt and payment services have been further
           improved, and corporate customers’ cross-border RMB settlement needs have been met. During the reporting period,
           the onshore international settlements of the Company amounted to USD205.892 billion. The Company provided
           cross-border RMB settlement services to 23,300 corporate customers. The settlements amounted to RMB240.040
           billion. Secondly, the Company vigorously promoted “electronic bills” business and provided complete online
           remittance service for eligible enterprises to facilitate their goods trading business; and established “Jie Suan Tong
           (結算通)”, a comprehensive service plan for strategic customers to improve the effectiveness in the collection and
           payment business, thereby facilitating paperless operation and real time exchange of remittance information as well
           as foreign exchange collection and payment under the trade in goods.
           Offshore banking business
           During the reporting period, on the one hand, the Company continued to enhance anti-money laundering measures,
           strengthened the implementation of anti-money laundering system, and used technology to help prevent and
           control anti-money laundering. On the other hand, it promoted the establishment of a comprehensive management
           system for non-resident customers, launched a number of new products for cross-border services to meet customers’
           overseas financial needs, established a marketing support platform, and optimised the operation of electronic
           processes to enhance the customer experience. During the reporting period, the Company pioneered the “Head
           office – Branches” replication model to promote the FT free trade account business, and implemented it in Haikou
           and Tianjin Free Trade Zones.
           Investment banking business
           During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the strategy of integrating investment banking and
           commercial banking, paid close attention to the direct financing market development opportunities and structural
           opportunities emerged from market volatilities, actively capitalised on asset organising and asset sales as the dual
           engines, and offered comprehensive services to its strategic customers at the Head Office and branches, to create
           differentiated competitive advantages and to achieve the steady development of investment banking business. The
           Company’s brand image in the market is furthered enhanced.
           With respect to its bonds underwriting business, the Company further deepened whole process reform, explore
           product innovation mode, and achieved a record performance in terms of underwriting scale and market ranking.
           During the reporting period, the bonds with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to RMB653.243 billion,
           representing a year-on-year growth of 35.97%. According to WIND statistics, in 2019, the volume of credit bonds
           with the Company as the lead underwriter ranked third in the inter-bank market. It ranked first among the lead
           underwriters of banks in the non-policy financial bonds market. The Company actively participated in the issue of
           innovative bonds. During the reporting period, the Company successfully led the underwriting of the first short-term
           financing bond for security company by way of book-building, issued the first asset-backed “Three-green” (green
           issuer, application of funds to green projects, green fundamental assets) bonds, and the first non-financial corporate
           debt financing instrument in supporting the construction of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in the
           inter-bank market.
           With respect to its M&A financing business, the Company actively grasped the structural opportunities in the capital
           market, continued to develop syndication capabilities, and cultivated professional services for financial consultants to
           drive investment in high-quality assets through industry research. Despite a significant decline year-on-year in China’s
           M&A transactions amount, the Company’s M&A business maintained steady development. During the reporting
           period, the Company achieved M&A financing of RMB101.939 billion, achieved over RMB100 billion financing for
           three consecutive years, and successfully led and completed the M&A for GREE Hybrid Reform (格力混改) and other
           large- mergers and acquisitions. With regard to M&A financial advisory, the Company led and completed the control
           transfer of a number of listed companies, and the brand and influence of our M&A financial advisory business has
           been greatly enhanced.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                67
Annual Report 2019


      With respect to its structural financing business, the Company has deeply cultivated market transaction business
      system construction and channel construction, and leveraged Fintech to enable it to accelerate the update of
      the “Zhao Tou Xing (招投星)”system and the “Zhao Tou Xing (招投星)” WeChat mini-program, opened internal
      and external communication channels, so as to improve business, promote efficiency and achieve rapid business
      development. During the reporting period, the Company realised structural financing of RMB28.504 billion and
      the scale of structured finance (matching business) amounted to RMB115.597 billion, representing an increase of
      67.67% year-on-year.
      With respect to its equity capital market business, the Company focused on customer deleverage, optimising capital
      structure needs, actively promoted market-oriented debt-to-equity conversion, enhanced customer experience with
      differentiated services, and deepened customer relationships, so as to promote the integrated operational benefits
      from customers. During the reporting period, the equity capital market business amounted to RMB7.157 billion.
      Financial institution business
      With respect to its financial institutions asset and liability business, the Company continued to strengthen the
      management of financial institution business, optimised its financial institution deposit structure and supported the
      liquidity management of the whole bank. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of financial institution
      deposits of the Company amounted to RMB539.941 billion, representing an increase of 19.80% as compared with
      the end of the previous year. Among them, the total amount of financial institution demand deposits from fund
      clearing, settlement and depository service reported a balance of RMB436.227 billion, accounting for 80.79% of
      the total amount. The Bank maintained a leading position in terms of scale and percentage of demand deposits
      among the small- and medium-sized banks in China and achieved a better deposit structure. With respect to its
      depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository service was in stable operation, with
      third-party depository services extended to 101 securities companies and 10,611,100 customers secured at the
      end of the reporting period. In addition, the Company entered into cooperation with 85 securities companies on
      margin trading and short selling business, securing 409,500 customers at the end of the reporting period. Also,
      the Company entered into cooperation with 53 securities companies on stock options business, securing 29,200
      customers at the end of the reporting period, and entered into cooperation with 126 future companies on fund
      transfer, securing 168,900 customers at the end of the reporting period. With respect to interbank clearing, as at
      the end of the reporting period, the number of the cross-border RMB accounts opened by banks and other financial
      institutions with the Company accumulated to 256, ranking first among all small- and medium-sized banks in China
      (according to the data released by the PBOC). There were 215 customers which participated indirectly through
      the Company in the RMB Cross-border Interbank Payment System (CIPS), ranking second among all small- and
      medium-sized banks in China and third among commercial banks (according to the data released by the CIPS). With
      respect to the businesses on “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” Interbank Online Service Platform, as at the end of
      the reporting period, the number of financial institutions registered on the “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” platform of
      the Company reached 2,518, and during the reporting period, the online business volume amounted to RMB949.807
      billion.
      Asset management business
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s wealth management products (excluding
      structured deposits)11 amounted to RMB2.19 trillion, representing an increase of 11.73% as compared with the
      end of the previous year. Among them, off-balance sheet wealth management products accounted for 97.66%;
      the balance of the funds raised from off-balance sheet wealth management ranked second among the commercial
      banks (according to the data released by the CBIRC). The balance of new products12 amounted to RMB685.196
      billion, representing an increase of 200.27% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 31.22%
      of the balance of wealth management products (excluding structured deposits), up by 17.18 percentage points as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company has maintained a steady and healthy development of the asset
      management business while promoting the establishment of CMB Wealth Management. The Company’s asset
      management business scored a number of achievements in the following aspects.




11
      The balance of wealth management products (excluding structured deposits) is the sum of customers’ principal in the on- and off-balance sheet wealth
      management products under management by the Company and the changes in net value of net-value products as at the end of the reporting period.
12
       New products are wealth management products in compliance with the relevant provisions of the New Regulation on Asset Management.
68   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           Firstly, the Company continued to promote the transformation of its products. During the reporting period, the
           Company continued to promote the transformation of wealth management products in accordance with the
           requirements of the New Regulation on Asset Management and supporting policies. The Company launched
           158 new products in the year. The balance of new products ranked among the top in the industry, and our
           products began to transform from short-term low-volatility or mid-to-long-term low-volatility to mid-to-long-term
           medium-volatility. In terms of performance, new products have realised stable returns in fixed-income investment
           and buy-low strategy in stock investment. The “Qing Kui (青葵)” series of products have established reputation in
           the market, and returns of products have remained stable against relevant benchmark. The balance of products
           have exceeded RMB100 billion. After CMB Wealth Management went into operation, in response to the needs and
           preferences of the Company’s different customer groups, the new product naming system of “Zhao Ying Ruizhi
           Zhuoyue (招贏睿智卓越)” was formally launched. The first product “Zhao Rui Yi Yang Er Nian Ding Kai(招睿頤養2年
           定開)” completed fund raising and started to accrue interest in early 2020.
           Secondly, the Company constantly optimised its asset structure. During the reporting period, the Company
           maintained a stable asset allocation structure, and directed the wealth management capital flows towards the real
           economy. On the one hand, the Company increased standardised asset investments, and bond investment was
           steadily expanded in scale while the allocation strategy was adjusted accordingly. As at the end of the reporting
           period, wealth management funds invested in the bond market reported a balance of RMB1,628.588 billion, and
           the proportion of bond assets was 67.95%, rose 8.27 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year. On the other hand, the Company made non-standardised credit investments within the credit limit in strict
           compliance with the regulatory guidance. Under the “Private Fixed Investment (以募定投)” model, private equity
           funds with multi-asset class portfolios have been successfully issued, and the capacity of non-standardised assets
           has been effectively improved, with investment scale significant rebound. The balance of wealth management funds
           invested in non-standardised assets of the Company amounted to RMB208.728 billion as at the end of the reporting
           period.
           Thirdly, the Company improved its risk management capability. During the reporting period, the Company continued
           to attach great importance to risk management of asset management business, strictly implemented regulatory
           policy requirements, and actively explored the establishment of a risk management system compatible with product
           transformation, i.e. from asset-side individual credit risk management to a comprehensive risk management system
           centered on product portfolios. Based on product creation and different stages of product operation and the
           characteristics of different products, the Company formulated more target-oriented investment strategies and risk
           preferences, and carried out full-coverage monitoring of risks including credit risks, concentration risks, interest rate
           risks, liquidity risks, operation risks and other risk indicators, to ensure that the investment operation of the product
           complies with external regulatory requirements and meets customers’ risk appetite and return requirements. At
           the same time, the Company continued to strengthen the management of outsourcing agencies. The outsourcing
           agencies that continued in the reporting period were all large-scale funds, securities firms and well-known insurance
           institutions in the market.
           Asset custody business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB13.23 trillion,
           representing an increase of 7.13% compared to the end of the previous year, and ranked second in the domestic
           custody industry (according to the data released by China Banking Association). During the reporting period,
           affected by the decline of the overall market custodian fee, the Company realised a custodian fee income of
           RMB3.605 billion, down by 18.79% year-on-year. The Company ranked fourth in terms of revenue in the domestic
           custody industry (according to the data released by China Banking Association).
           During the reporting period, by leveraging on Fintech, innovative products and optimised processes, we further
           enhanced customer experience and market competitiveness of our asset custody business. Firstly, the Company
           focused on customer mobile office requirements and released full-featured online custody bank 3.0 and Handheld
           Custody APP 1.0 (掌 上 託 管App1.0), and continued to lead the industry in terms of its custody technology
           capabilities. Secondly, the Company ranked first in terms of the scale of newly issued custody mutual fund in the
           industry in the reporting period (WIND public data). Thirdly, the Company has officially obtained the qualification
           of a pilot depositary certificate for depositary receipts, further consolidating the Company’s leading position in the
           domestic custody industry.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       69
Annual Report 2019


      Financial markets business
      In 2019, facing the complexity and difficulties of the global economy, the Chinese economy was under downward
      pressure and the interest rate of the RMB bond market fluctuated significantly. The RMB exchange rate dropped
      after appreciation due to the impact of Sino-US trade negotiation process, and gradually stablised at the end of the
      year.
      With respect to RMB bond investment, through in-depth study of domestic monetary policies and macroeconomic
      situation, the Company seized the opportunities brought by the volatility of the RMB bond interest rate. In the first
      quarter and from July to August when bond yields were relatively low, the Company focused on selling long-duration
      products. In the second quarter and from September to October when bond yields were relatively high, the
      Company concentrated on buying long-duration products, so as to flexibly adjust the duration of the RMB bond
      portfolio and improve the investment portfolio yields. At the same time, the Company also continued to optimise
      the position structure of banking accounts, increased the proportion of products with high allocation value, such as
      local government bonds, bonds with high credit ratings, and medium- and long-term treasury bonds, and reduced
      short- and medium-term policy financial bonds and credit bonds with relative low allocation value, so as to maintain
      stable yields despite the decrease of overall market yields. With respect to foreign currency bonds investment, the
      Company predicted that the Fed would return to the track of interest rate reduction through close tracking of the
      monetary policies of the major countries and based on logical judgment of the international economic situation and
      market trends. The Company proactively increased its investment in USD bonds, promptly extended the duration
      of foreign currency bonds investment portfolio, and increased the effort in credit bonds investment, so as to grasp
      the opportunity of the decline in the US bond market yields and the narrowing of credit spreads, and improve the
      investment yields of foreign currency bonds portfolios.
      With respect to foreign exchange transactions, the Company proactively studied the global macro-economy and
      the monetary policies in relevant countries, focused on the Sino-US trade negotiation process, and grasped the
      opportunity brought by the low volatility of the global foreign exchange market and the periodic fluctuation
      characteristics of the RMB exchange rate. Through flexible trading risk exposure management and active
      market-making strategy, the Company promoted the development of relevant businesses.
      In 2019, the trading volume of RMB exchange rate swaps reached USD832.197 billion, representing a year-on
      year increase of 8.94%; the trading volume of wholesale customer derivatives had reached USD181.422 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 1.06%. According to the data from the China Foreign Exchange Trade
      System, RMB options of the Company ranked first in the interbank market.
70   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.10.3 Distribution channels
           The Company provides products and services via multiple distribution channels. The distribution channels of the
           Company mainly consist of physical distribution channels and e-banking channels.
           Physical distribution channels
           The efficiently operated distribution network of the Company is primarily located in the major economic centers
           of China such as Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Bohai Rim, and certain large- and medium-sized cities
           in other regions. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 141 branches, 1,681 sub-branches, one
           dedicated branch-level operation center (credit card center), one representative office and 16,750 visual counters
           in more than 130 cities of Mainland China. The Company also has a branch in Hong Kong; a branch and a
           representative office in New York, the United States; a branch in London, the UK; a branch in Singapore; a branch in
           Luxembourg; a representative office in Taipei and a branch in Sydney, Australia.
           E-banking channels
           Major retail e-banking channels
           During the reporting period, the Company constantly improved the retail e-banking channels and further increased
           operational efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s replacement rate of comprehensive
           service counters through the retail electronic channels was 98.25%; and the rate of rerouting customers from the
           service counters to visual counters was 95.99%.
           CMB APP
           During the reporting period, the Company released CMB APP 8.0, launched innovative financial services such as
           online financial planning and voice bookkeeping, and extensively introduced leading enterprises in the fields of
           content, life, convenience, and travel as its partners to build a non-financial ecosystem and create a better financial
           life for users.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the number of CMB APP users in aggregate was 114 million, with 55,136,300
           monthly active users, a total number of 6.093 billion logins and the average monthly logins of 11.82 per user during
           the reporting period. During the reporting period, CMB APP had 1.687 billion transactions and a total transaction
           amount of RMB33.20 trillion, up by 22.07% and 7.93% respectively, as compared with the previous year.
           CMB Life APP for credit card
           During the reporting period, the Company launched CMB Life APP 8.0, with the vision of “connecting the lives,
           consumption and finance of millions of people”, and on the basis of further enhancing the main business of credit
           cards, actively explored and expanded content ecosystem, quality e-commerce, life with automobile and other
           living scenarios, so as to reconstruct the connection with the users. As at the end of the reporting period, the total
           number of CMB Life APP users was 91,264,300, of which non-credit card users accounted for 31.51%. During the
           reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB Life APP reached 9,035,800 and the number
           of monthly active users was 46,643,400 as at the end of the period. In terms of the number and online activity of
           customers, CMB Life APP continued to outperform other credit card APPs in the banking industry.
           Smart service system
           As for the smart debit card service system, the Company uses China Merchants Bank ”WeChat Official Account”
           as an important channel for its brand promotion and business promotion. Through continuous high-frequency
           interaction with young customer groups over high-quality content and fun activities, the Company further
           enhanced the value and brand reputation of online marketing of the Company. At the same time, with continued
           improvements in the products and the operating system, the WeChat Official Account gradually became an
           important new engine for APP user growth. As at the end of the reporting period, the “China Merchants Bank”
           WeChat Official Account had accumulated 22,895,300 followers.
China Merchants Bank                 Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                 71
Annual Report 2019


       As for the smart credit card service system, the Company continued to explore the ecological layout of 1+N
       services of emerging channels by focusing on CMB Life APP and complementing with third-party channels. In order
       to sustain the enormous service traffic, the Company leveraged on Big Data and artificial intelligence to create
       intelligent service robots, traffic distribution and decision-making robots, intelligent agent assistant robots, service
       analysis robots and quality control robots, covering the five modules namely user insight, traffic distribution, service
       interaction, demand re-excavation, and management improvement. We integrated the call center service to CMB Life
       APP, so as to provide audio-visual multimedia interactive services for users and realise the improvement of service
       efficiency and customer experience. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company gained a total of 139
       million fans through third-party credit card channels (mainly from WeChat, Alipay service window and official QQ
       account).
       Remote banking
       The Company’s Network Operation Service Center provides instant, comprehensive, prompt and professional services
       to its customers through caring services such as telephone, network and video.
       In 2019, the Company constantly improved its service capability and customer experience. As a result, the manual
       telephone access ratio reached 97.86%; the percentage of manual telephone responses within 20 seconds reached
       94.07%; and the satisfaction ratio of its telephone customer service reached 99.71%.
       In order to keep abreast with the trend of its customers increasingly moving to the mobile Internet, the Company
       actively strengthened its network service capabilities. During the reporting period, the online interactive services
       accounted for 90.11%13, showing the online text interactive services to be the mainstream of remote consulting
       services. At the same time, the Company accelerated the pace of evolution into intelligent services, deepened the
       training and learning of intelligent robots, and enhanced algorithm optimisation. During the reporting period, the
       intelligent self-services accounted for 76.11%14. During the reporting period, our visual counters received an average
       of 2,620,000 incoming calls per month, with the highest number of single day incoming calls reaching 132,100,
       showing high replacement effect of in-branch non-cash transactions.
       Major wholesale e-banking channels
       Online corporate banking
       With emphasis on user experience, the Company upgraded online corporate banking to an integrated financial
       service and management platform, fully optimised a number of high-frequency functions such as payment
       settlement, billing and deduction, account inquiry, etc. and fully utilized personalized online banking to provide
       differentiated services for the Company’s key customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of online
       corporate banking customers of the Company reached 1,954,400, representing an increase of 15.72% as compared
       with the end of the previous year, of which the number of monthly active customers was 1,003,800, representing an
       increase of 21.91% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total number of online corporate banking
       transactions of the Company reached 284,031,600 and total value of transactions amounted to RMB111.16 trillion
       during the reporting period.
       CMB Corporate APP
       Being the Company’s second-largest “online” service platform for wholesale finance, CMB Corporate APP directly
       reaches customers through mobile applications, establishing an Internet business model that integrates account
       management, transaction payment and online foreign exchange services. During the reporting period, the Company
       launched a total of 248 services with local features across domestic branches on the CMB Corporate APP and built
       differentiated scenarios and O2O service models, which effectively improved customer experience and activity. We
       launched the international version of CMB Corporate APP at our New York Branch. The Company created a mobile
       financial service platform tailored for overseas corporate customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the
       number of customers of CMB Corporate APP reached 1,000,800, representing an increase of 87.45% as compared
       with the end of the previous year, of which monthly active customers reached 426,500, with the same caliber
       increasing by 136.68% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the number
       of mobile payment transactions made by customers through CMB Corporate APP amounted to 3,275,800, with a
       transaction value of RMB107.681 billion.




13
     Referring to the proportion of online text services in various types of remote consulting services.
14
     Referring to the proportion of services undertaken by intelligent robots in various remote consulting services.
72   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.10.4 IT and R&D
           During the reporting period, focusing on the objective of “building itself into a bank with the best customer
           experience”, the Company continued to build leading digital infrastructure while making adjustment to IT
           organisational structure and strengthening the organisational guarantee of infrastructure and platform construction.
           The Company further promoted lean transformation of research and development where the Company integrated
           technology with business, driving business agility by means of technology agility and business convergence
           with system integration. The business development of the whole Bank is supported by three software centers in
           Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Chengdu and two data centers in Shenzhen and Shanghai.
           With respect to basic platform construction, the Company built a “Cloud + API” technology architecture,
           benchmarking advanced technology and services of public cloud, offering a private cloud with low-cost and massive
           computing capabilities, providing self-service and convenient user experience for the whole Bank and subsidiaries
           and supporting the transformation and development of Digital Bank. The Company built a unified external service
           Open API platform and CMB APP small program platform to help build an open bank whereby the overall capacity
           of the data lake reached 9.8PB, supporting the Company’s massive demand for data analysis. With respect to the
           development of application systems, the Company released CMB APP 8.0 and CMB Life APP 8.0, which were fully
           open to accelerate the digital transformation of retail finance 3.0. The Company released the treasury management
           cloud platform CBS7.0 to lead the innovation and transformation of treasury management and CMB Corporate
           APP 5.0, focusing on digital customer base management and iterative optimisation of scenarios. With respect to
           overseas support, the Head Office continued to coordinate the management and maintenance of the core business
           system of overseas branches and strengthened support for the business development of overseas branches. During
           the reporting period, the version upgrade of the core business system of Sydney Branch and New York Branch
           was completed. With respect to security and stability, under the backdrop of rapid growth of system scale and
           transaction volume, the overall system was on the smooth side, and the availability of core accounting system
           and backbone networks remained its leading position among industry peers. The Company promoted the digital
           transformation of operations and maintenance, continuously optimised the business continuity management system,
           and established a Beijing site, together with Shenzhen and Shanghai sites to provide external network services and
           improve the user’s network access experience. With respect to “industry – university – science” partnership,
           the Company has set up the Kunpeng Computing Joint Innovation Lab (鯤鵬計算聯合創新實驗室) and Outbound
           Load Balancing Joint Innovation Lab (負載均衡聯合創新實驗室) to accelerate the research results of the distributed
           database joint innovation lab. In the field of financial application of artificial intelligence such as intelligent customer
           service, risk-related public opinion, computer visualisation, knowledge management, knowledge map and marketing
           model, our technology is ahead of industry peers.



     3.10.5 Overseas branches
           Hong Kong Branch
           Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch is the first branch duly established overseas by the Company. As a
           full-licensed bank and a registered institution with SFC, the Hong Kong Branch may engage in comprehensive
           commercial banking businesses, including wholesale banking and retail banking. With regard to wholesale banking,
           the Hong Kong Branch provides enterprises located in Hong Kong with diversified corporate banking products and
           services, such as deposits, settlement, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A portfolio
           solutions, asset management and asset custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond trading and foreign
           exchange trading with financial institutions, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution
           customers. With respect to retail banking, the Hong Kong Branch proactively develops featured retail banking
           services and provides cross-border personal banking services and private wealth management services for individual
           customers in Hong Kong and Mainland China. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-in-one Card” and “Hong
           Kong Bank-Securities Express”.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      73
Annual Report 2019


      In 2019, the Hong Kong Branch focused on the opportunities such as “The Belt and Road” initiative, RMB
      internationalisation and the construction of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, greatly promoted
      cross-border business coordination, continuously developed the local customer base, constantly expanded its
      market share, and provided customers with strong financial support. Meanwhile, the Hong Kong Branch further
      strengthened risk compliance and internal basis management, constantly improved and innovated its product and
      service systems and strove to explore the asset operation model. As a result, all its businesses achieved healthy
      development. During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch realised a net operating income of HK$3.032
      billion and a profit before tax of HK$2.550 billion.
      New York Branch
      Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is Chinese banks’ first branch approved in the U.S. since
      the US Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is located in the global financial
      center and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised by coordination between
      China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the companies and high-net-value
      private banking customers in China and the U.S..
      In 2019, our New York Branch adhered to the principle of “taking compliance as a priority and maintaining steady
      operation” and aimed to improve the comprehensive service capabilities of the featured cross-border financial
      platform. Great progress was achieved in expanding Sino-US cross-border business, developing local business,
      enhancing customer management and strengthening compliance management. During the reporting period, our
      New York Branch realised a net operating income of USD100 million and a profit before tax of USD61,090,700.
      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border financial
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch takes cross-
      border finance and wealth management as its core and strives to provide all-round non-stop solutions for cross-
      border finance to the Chinese companies “going global” and the companies “brought in” located in Singapore and
      other Southeast Asian countries. Its major services and products include: funds settlement, deposit service, foreign
      exchange trading, coordination financing, trade financing, M&A loans, syndicated loans, real estate trust leveraged
      financing and delisting financing. With respect to wealth management business, the Private Banking (Singapore)
      Center was officially launched in April 2017 to provide private banking products and value-added services with
      integrated investment and financing solutions, such as cash management, asset allocation and heritage of wealth to
      high-net-value customers.
      In 2019, the Singapore Branch adhered to the operating strategy of concurrent development of cross-border
      financing business and local business, focused on the strategic customers of the Head Office and branches and
      quality enterprises located in Singapore, returned to its origin of customer service, adhered to professionalism and
      pursued high-quality development. In respect of private banking business, it focused on new products and customer
      expansion, went back to service essence and built the best customer experience bank. During the reporting period,
      the Singapore Branch realised a net operating income of USD20,725,700 and a profit before tax of USD8,344,200.
      Luxembourg Branch
      Established in 2015, the Luxembourg Branch of the Company is positioned as an important cross-border financial
      platform in European continent. It provides diversified services including corporate deposits, corporate loans,
      project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A advisory, bond underwriting and asset management for the
      Chinese enterprises “going global” and the enterprises “brought in” from Europe. It is committed to establishing an
      operational platform of the Company in Europe on the basis of the superior businesses of the parent bank combined
      with the special advantages of Luxembourg.
      In 2019, the Luxembourg Branch adapted itself to changes in the relevant policies, grasped market opportunities
      and achieved steady business growth through efficient services and close cooperation with other banks and financial
      institutions at home and abroad. During the reporting period, our Luxembourg Branch realised a net operating
      income of €16,881,900 and a profit before tax of €5,298,200.
74   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           London Branch
           Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in the
           United Kingdom among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks and also the first branch established in the United
           Kingdom directly by a bank in Mainland China since the founding of the PRC. It mainly focuses on corporate
           banking business and provides customers with diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposits,
           loans (including bilateral loans, syndicated loans and cross-border M&A financing) and settlement. It also engages in
           interbank transaction of funds, bonds and foreign exchange trading, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer
           with other financial institution customers.
           In 2019, based on the traditional businesses such as accepting guarantees from domestic enterprises as security for
           loans granted to overseas entities and accepting guarantees from overseas entities as security for loans granted to
           domestic enterprises, the London Branch innovated and developed business varieties to launch new trade finance
           products, such as making payments on behalf of customers (代付) and forfeiting (福費廷). At the same time, the
           London Branch successfully issued the 3-year floating rate USD medium-term notes (MTN), marking the substantial
           expansion of a long-term funding channel of the branch. During the reporting period, the London Branch realised a
           net operating income of USD22,103,700 and a profit before tax of USD7,905,400.
           Sydney Branch
           Established in 2017, the Sydney Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in Australia
           among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks. It proactively participates in Sino-Australian cross-border investment
           and financing services, trade financing and settlement, exploitation of mineral resources and the development of
           quality infrastructure projects, and provides supporting services for “going global” customers to layout in Australia
           and New Zealand and for “brought in” foreign leading enterprises to develop in China. At the same time, it
           steadily carried out private banking business in compliance with laws and regulations, and met the private banking
           customers’ needs for global service and the cross-border non-financial value-added service. The establishment of the
           Sydney Branch further expanded and improved the Company’s global presence, forming a global service network
           across four continents: Asia, Europe, America and Australia.
           In 2019, on the basis of compliance operation, the Sydney Branch adhered to the strategic direction of “Laying
           a foundation with characteristics” and made great efforts to promote the development of various businesses,
           and customer operations were on the right track. During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch realised a net
           operating income of AUD18,112,300 and a loss before tax of AUD3,687,400, mainly due to the high allowances.



     3.10.6 CMB Wing Lung Group
           Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HK$1.161 billion as at the end of the reporting
           period, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. The principal operations of CMB Wing
           Lung Bank and its subsidiaries comprise deposit-taking, lending, private banking and wealth management,
           investment, securities, credit cards, NET banking, “CMB WLB Wintech (招商永隆銀行一點通)” mobile banking, global
           cash management, syndicated loans, corporate financing, documentary bills, leasing and hire purchase loans, foreign
           exchange, insurance agency, mandatory provident fund, insurance brokerage and general insurance underwriting,
           property management and trustee, nominee and asset management services. At present, CMB Wing Lung Bank
           has one head office, 33 branches and private banking centers in Hong Kong, four branches and sub-branches in
           Mainland China, one branch in Macau, and two branches located respectively in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the
           United States.
           In 2019, CMB Wing Lung Group realised an attributable profit to shareholders of HK$3.987 billion and a net
           operating income of HK$7.124 billion, of which net interest income was HK$5.220 billion and net non-interest
           income was HK$1.904 billion. The cost-to-income ratio was 32.75%.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HK$341.843 billion.
           Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$39.024 billion. Total loans and advances to customers
           (including trade bills) amounted to HK$185.156 billion. Deposits from customers amounted to HK$243.136 billion.
           The loan-to-deposit ratio was 70.20%. The non-performing loan ratio (including trade bills) was 0.51%.
           For detailed financial information on CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2019 annual report of CMB Wing
           Lung Bank, which is published on the website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       75
Annual Report 2019


3.10.7 CMB Financial Leasing
      CMB Financial Leasing is one of the five pilot bank-affiliated financial leasing firms approved by the State Council.
      It was established in 2008 and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB6.0 billion. CMB
      Financial Leasing has adhered to its operation and development strategy of “professionalisation, digitalisation
      and internationalisation”, carried out the mission of “supporting national strategy, serving the real economy and
      promoting industrial upgrading”, and launched the financial solutions for the ten industries of aviation, shipping,
      energy, infrastructure, equipment manufacturing, environment, health industry and cultural tourism, public
      transportation, smart interconnection & logistics and leasing. It satisfies the lessees’ different needs in respect
      of equipment procurement, sales promotion, asset revitalisation, balancing of tax liabilities and improvement of
      financial structure.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing amounted to RMB188.718 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB20.366 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB2.501 billion during the reporting
      period.



3.10.8 CMB International Capital
      Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong,
      with a registered capital of HK$4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
      subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, stocks and structured finance.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HK$27.973 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to HK$8.841 billion. It realised a net profit of HK$1.078 billion during the reporting
      period.



3.10.9 CMB Wealth Management
      CMB Wealth Management was established and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB5.0
      billion, and was officially launched in November 2019.
      As an independent legal entity with the tenet of “Repay Your Trust with Professional Wealth Management”, CMB
      Wealth Management gradually establishes an all-round asset management business model which focuses on fixed
      income investments, supplemented by equity and alternative asset investments, and provides customers with cross-
      market, multi-category wealth management product portfolios and asset management service options, so as to meet
      their diversified needs for asset management.



3.10.10 China Merchants Fund
      Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund had a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the Company held 55% of China Merchants Fund’s shares. The business scope of China Merchants
      Fund covers fund establishment, fund management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB7.295 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB5.384 billion. The total size of the asset management business (including China
      Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries) amounted to RMB933.495 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB803 million
      during the reporting period.



3.10.11 CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2003, and it is
      the first Sino-foreign joint venture life insurance company established after China’s entry into the World Trade
      Organisation (WTO), with a registered capital of RMB2.8 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
      held 50% of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance’s shares. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance is mainly engaged in insurance
      businesses such as life insurance, health insurance and accident injury insurance, as well as the reinsurance of the
      above insurances.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB58.752
      billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB7.663 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      realised a net profit of RMB1.378 billion.
76   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.10.12 Merchants Union Consumer Finance
           Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2015, and it is
           the first consumer finance company in China established under the framework of the Closer Economic Partnership
           Arrangement (CEPA), with a registered capital of RMB3.869 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CMB Wing Lung Bank, jointly hold 50% of equity interest in Merchants
           Union Consumer Finance. Merchants Union Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the granting of personal
           consumption loans.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
           RMB92.697 billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB9.360 billion. During the reporting period, Merchants Union
           Consumer Finance realised a net profit of RMB1.466 billion.



     3.11 Risk Management
           The Company stepped up the construction of a risk management system focusing on risk-adjusted value creation
           under the principles of “Comprehensive, Professional, Independent and Balanced Management”. The Risk and
           Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most
           significant bank-wide risk management policies on risk preferences, strategies, policies and authorisations approved
           by the Board of Directors.
           During the reporting period, against the backdrop of complicated and volatile economic environment at home and
           abroad and the increasing risk in bank operations, the Company continued to improve its overall risk management
           system while proactively overcoming and preventing all kinds of risk.



     3.11.1 Credit risk management
           Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform its obligations as
           agreed. Adhering to its management philosophy of “Quality Goes First Based on Compliance and Risk Control (合
           規為根、 風險為本、 質量為先)”, and with the goal of “fostering a leading risk management bank”, the Company
           promoted the risk management culture of “staying healthy, rational, proactive and comprehensive (穩健、 理性、
           主動、 全員)”, stuck to the concept of balanced returns and risks and the prudent business strategy in which risks
           can ultimately be covered by capital, implemented a unified credit risk preference, optimised the life-cycle credit risk
           management processes, improved credit risk management tools, and fully improved risk management capabilities, so
           as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.
           During the reporting period, the Company closely followed the macroeconomic and financial situations, conducted
           an overall planning, made breakthroughs in key areas and took various measures to root out potential risks, thereby
           effectively keeping asset quality in good shape. Firstly, the Company made pre-judgments to effectively adjust
           customer structure and business structure. In line with the operation strategy focusing on the strategic customers
           of the Head Office and its branches, the Company explored the business opportunities of project financing and
           direct financing, focused on serving the strategic customers of its supply chain business while further developing
           small- and medium-sized corporate customers in batches in both the upstream and downstream supply chains,
           and increased its credit grants for strategic emerging industries, the transformation and upgrading of traditional
           industries and other new growth-driving industries. The Company continued to strengthen risk investigations in areas
           such as large-scale risk exposure, inter-bank customers, P2P, private equity institutions and cooperative institutions,
           and optimised the risk pre-warning and reporting mechanism, thus realising early warning, early exposure and
           early disposal. Secondly, the Company vigorously promoted service integration to fuel business development. The
           Company expanded and deepened its research on new growth-driving industries, achieved the full coverage of the
           credit policies for an aggregate of 36 new growth engine industries and explored the implementation of active
           credit grants. The Company conducted the analysis of industrial trends and the research of regional credit policies
           of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, and formulated the credit policies for the Greater Bay Area
           covering business operation strategies, customer selection criteria, target customer list and protection measures.
           The Company has established a professional project evaluation team, developed a project evaluation system and a
           risk project evaluation reporting template, and provided the professional financing solutions. Focusing on specific
           industries, specific core enterprises, specific scenarios, specific products and specific cooperate institutions, the
           Company enriched the risk control platform and developed the rating models for closed specific scenarios. Thirdly,
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        77
Annual Report 2019


      the Company comprehensively reviewed and leveraged various risk management tools. The Company promoted
      concentrated management and initially achieved the customer-centric credit risk pre-control goal, thus providing a
      starting point for management of concentration risk at the customer level. The Company explored the application of
      portfolio management in the asset allocation of customer groups or business areas, and established the consolidated
      risk management system in which the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors plays
      a core role, with performance appraisal as the mechanism, connected IT systems as the foundation and reporting
      relationships as the bridge. Fourthly, the Company optimised management processes and innovated management
      methods to improve risk management efficiency. The basic credit-granting processes were fully optimised and
      launched online, with pre-loan investigation, loan review and post-loan inspection upgraded to version 2.0,
      thereby achieving the goals of automation, modularisation, standardisation and openness, as well as information
      sharing through interconnection with relevant systems. Fifthly, the Company increased the channels for disposal of
      non-performing assets while effectively disposing of non-performing assets. The Company intensified the recovery
      of non-performing assets by cash collection while continuously promoting the write-off of non-performing assets
      and securitisation of assets. The Company proactively explored debt-to-equity conversion, made use of a number of
      methods to mitigate risk assets and achieved the effective and efficient disposal of non-performing assets based on
      compliance regulations. Sixthly, the Company deepened the application of Fintech services. The Company developed
      a series of projects, including an online risk management portal, a non-financial corporate smart rating model and a
      smart risk pre-warning model, so as to effectively improve its management efficiency.
      For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.2 Management of large-scale risk exposure
      In accordance with the “Management Measures for Large-Scale Risk Exposure of Commercial Banks” (CBIRC Order
      2018 No. 1) ( 《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》 (銀保監會2018年1號令)) issued by the CBIRC, large-scale risk
      exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading
      book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier
      1 capital. The Company has incorporated large-scale risk exposure management into its overall risk management
      system, and measured and dynamically monitored changes in large-scale risk exposure, so as to effectively
      controlled customer concentration risks. As at the end of the reporting period, other than customers with regulatory
      exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single financial
      institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards of
      large-scale risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.



3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of economic, political and social changes and developments in a country or region
      that may cause borrowers or debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations
      to banks, or incur loss to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other loss to the
      Company in that country or region. Country risk may arise from deteriorating economic conditions, political and
      social upheavals, nationalisation or expropriation of assets, and government repudiation of external indebtedness,
      foreign exchange controls and currency depreciation in a country or region.
      The Company has incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system. In accordance
      with relevant regulatory requirements, the Company dynamically monitored the change in its country risk profile.
      The Company implemented its country risk assessment system mainly by using the rating results of its sovereign
      rating model, and used the rating results to set limit on its country risk and make provisions for its country risk. As
      at the end of the reporting period, the assets of the Company exposed to the country risk remained insignificant,
      and this indicated low country risk ratings. Moreover, we have made adequate allowances for country risk according
      to the regulatory requirements. As a result, the country risk will not have material effect on the operations of the
      Company.
78   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.11.4 Market risk management
           The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
           risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
           Interest rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses various risk indicators, including volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering
           interest rate risk factors of various currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress
           testing loss indicators, interest-rate-sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure, monitor and
           manage the interest rate risk of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all
           businesses under the trading book, and are comprised of around 110 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves.
           VaR includes general VaR and stressed VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and
           adopt a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The
           interest rate stress testing scenarios include the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at
           various degrees and various unfavorable market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios.
           Among which, the extreme interest rate scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely
           unfavorable conditions of the market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the
           change in the market value of bonds and interest rate derivatives PV01 (when an interest rate fluctuates unfavorably
           by 1 basis point). As for daily risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for
           the interest rate risk businesses under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan
           and risk prediction of the Board of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the Market Risk Management
           Department is responsible for daily monitoring and continuous reporting.
           In 2019, due to a slowdown in global trade, the world’s major economies had only limited response space in their
           monetary policies. The endogenous growth momentum of the global economy further weakened and its growth
           rate hit the lowest point since the 2008 financial crisis. There also saw an increase in external uncertainties. The
           Federal Reserve cut its interest rates for the first time over the past 10 years and expanded the balance sheet for the
           first time over the past 7 years. The yield curve of USD bonds once showed an inversion, causing market concerns.
           The downward risk in the euro zone still existed, Japan underwent greater economic fluctuations, and Britain
           was dragged down by Brexit uncertainties. The economic development environment became more complicated in
           China. Pork prices rose rapidly, the downward pressure on real economy augmented, and small- and medium-sized
           banks sustained partial risks. Under this situation, the central bank has maintained a sound, flexible and moderate
           monetary policy, strengthened counter-cyclical adjustments, and maintained reasonably sufficient liquidity. As a
           result, the yield of the 10-year government bonds fluctuated between 3.0% to 3.5% for the whole year.
           The investment scope of the trading book of the Company focused on RMB bonds, especially domestic interest rate
           bonds. In 2019, various interest rate risk indicators of the trading book of the Company were within the target
           range.
           Banking book
           The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario
           simulation and other methods to measure and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The
           re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities;
           the duration analysis monitors the duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets
           and liabilities of the whole Bank; the benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between
           different pricing benchmark interest rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such
           curves based on the benchmark-correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation
           is the major approach for the Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a
           number of ordinary scenarios and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move
           and the change in the shape of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, clients’ exercise of
           embedded options in the deposit and loan business, and the most possible changes in interest rates in the future
           as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the future one year and the changes in
           economic value (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario of changes in interest rates. The NII
           fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included into the interest rate risk limit system
           of the whole Bank.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                            79
Annual Report 2019


      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principle of moderately prudent interest rate risk
      preference, kept a close eye on the domestic and international macroeconomic fundamentals and the marginal
      changes in the direction of monetary policies, made in-depth analysis and forecast of the market interest rate
      developments through macro-modeling while flexibly making adjustments to the proactive interest rate risk
      management strategy based on the above judgments. Before the central bank officially issued the LPR reform plan,
      the Company had conducted an impact analysis and forward-looking preparations for the interest rate risk caused
      by unification of interest rates, and responded promptly after implementation of the reform plan to adjust the
      direction and intensity of active management measures for interest rate risk in a timely manner. At the same time,
      the Company started out to study the LPR–based derivatives, and explored new tools and channels for strengthening
      the active management of interest rate risk in the context of loan interest rate marketisation. Although the results of
      stress test showed that various indicators for the interest rate risk rose slightly, they still stayed within the set limits
      and pre-warning values, and the interest rate risk of the banking book was generally controllable.
      Exchange rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses the risk indicators such as risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering
      foreign exchange rate risk factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange
      loss indicator under stress test, exchange-rate-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk
      measurement and monitoring management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is
      applied on spot prices, forward prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market
      value risk indicators comprise general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using
      historical simulation based on a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding
      period of 10 days. Exchange rate stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every
      transaction currency against RMB, and changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major exchange-rate-sensitive
      indicators are Delta, Gamma, Vega and other indicators for exchange rate derivatives. For daily management, we set
      annual limits on authority associated with exchange rate risks under the trading book and relevant market exposure
      at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business planning and risk forecast of the Board of
      Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to perform daily monitoring and on-going
      reporting.
      The RMB exchange rate in 2019 fluctuated up and down according to market supply and demand, showing obvious
      two-way fluctuations. In the spot market, affected by the international economic and financial situation, the
      progress of trade negotiations and other factors, the RMB-USD exchange rate rose over “7:1” under market forces,
      and RMB remained stable and strong against a basket of currencies. The “stabiliser” role of the RMB exchange rate
      in market supply and demand was prominent with increased flexibility. In the derivative market, the spreads between
      China and the United States changed frequently, the USD-RMB swap points fluctuated significantly, and the one-year
      swaps reached to a maximum of 490 basis points. The implied volatility of the RMB exchange rate options was
      basically within the reasonable range. However, due to the impact of Sino-US trade negotiations, the market mood
      of risk aversion was strong at certain points in time, driving up the volatility which once exceeded the level at the
      end of 2018.
      Under this background, the Company mainly relied on foreign exchange trading business on behalf of customers
      to obtain stable spread income, and utilised system modules to dynamically monitor the exposure of proprietary
      trading, and strengthened the control over the limit indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-loss. In 2019, all
      exchange rate risk indicators of trading book of the Company were within the target range.
      Banking book
      The data for measurement of exchange rate risk of banking book of the Company was derived mainly from
      database, and the Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress
      test, and other methods for measurement and analysis. The foreign exchange exposure measurement uses the
      short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation approach; scenario simulation and stress test
      analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for managing foreign exchange
      rate risk in respect of fluctuation of all currency exchange rates, including the standard scenario, historical scenario,
      forward scenario and stress scenario. Based on the forward exchange rate fluctuation and the scenario of historical
      extreme fluctuations, each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or loss. The effects of certain
      scenarios on the profit and loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit indicator are taken as reference in the
      daily management. The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant model parameters on a regular
      basis to verify the effectiveness of measurement models.
80   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


           The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
           results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
           foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
           relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for overall
           auditing of our exchange rate risk.
           During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
           analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and
           proposed a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making.
           In 2019, the annualised volatility of the RMB exchange rate stabilised gradually. Facing the changing international
           economic situation, the Company increased its efforts to analyse the domestic economic situation and the Sino-US
           trade friction, achieved a systematic measurement of foreign exchange exposure and imposed a stringent control
           over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about the exchange rate risk. As of
           the end of the reporting period, the size of the banking book of the Company’s foreign exchange exposure was at
           a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company is generally stable with all the core limit indicators,
           general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.
           For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
           statements.



     3.11.5 Operational risk management
           Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or failed internal procedures, incompetent
           personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
           Company’s operational risk management will, based on the principles of cost-revenue matching and input-output
           balance, vigorously strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement internal control
           system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent operational risk losses with a certain
           level of cost. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors,
           the Company will, through measures such as further improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening
           risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment and
           evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, so as to further improve operational risk
           management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
           During the reporting period, in order to prevent loss arising from systematic operational risk and material operational
           risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. Firstly, the Company strengthened
           the control of risks associated with key areas, carried out risk screening on P2P, private equity funds, unlicensed
           businesses and payments, management of funds from presale of commercial properties, discounted business bills
           and other areas, and strengthened risk management and control. Secondly, the Company optimised and improved
           its management tools. Through the inspection of key risk indicators, the Company examined and adjusted indicators
           from various perspectives, so as to further strengthen the operational risk reporting mechanism, and optimise
           the operational risk assessment mechanism and economic capital allocation plan of operational risk. Thirdly, the
           Company strengthened the management of outsourcing-related risk, prudently accessed and evaluated the types of
           products and services to be outsourced, fortified approval management, expanded the scope of outsourcing-related
           risk monitoring and organised the post-assessment of outsourcing projects across the Bank. Fourthly, the Company
           strengthened the management of IT risk and business continuity management, and conducted information
           technology process inspection. Fifthly, the Company further improved the performance of operational risk
           management system, and promoted the utilisation of operational risk data analysis platform. Sixthly, the Company
           enhanced the empowerment of the branches, and conducted various forms of trainings for operational risk
           management personnel at domestic and overseas branches to improve the operational risk management capabilities
           of the branches.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                        81
Annual Report 2019


3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
      Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company’s unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
      timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
      management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
      more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
      and systems of the Company have basically satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
      Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
      management, the Company puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and
      reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the Board of Supervisors,
      senior management, designated committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure the effectiveness of
      liquidity risk management.
      In 2019, the central bank maintained a prudent monetary policy and reasonably adequate liquidity. In response to
      the market environment and the liquidity profile of the Company, the Company implemented the following measures
      to enhance liquidity management. Firstly, the Company continued to promote the growth of proprietary deposits,
      through measures such as strengthening the guiding of marketing strategies for key customer groups, strengthened
      the control of key timings, and promoted the steady growth of core deposits through various measures. Secondly,
      the Company dynamically controlled the exposure of credit assets, and continued to optimise the asset structure,
      in order to achieve smooth management of assets and liabilities. Thirdly, the Company strengthened active liability
      management in all aspects and channels, enhanced cooperation with counterparties, expanded diversified financing
      channels, and improve the financing capability of our treasury. Fourthly, the Company conducted in-depth refined
      forward-looking liquidity risk management. By using quantitative modeling and dynamic measurement and
      calculation, the Company enhanced its research and judgment in macro-economy and the dynamic prediction on
      the liquidity of the whole Bank, flexibly conducted short term and medium- to long-term active liability taking
      according to its own liquidity profile and market interest rate trend, including proactively participating in the
      central bank’s medium-term lending facility and open market operation, and launched the issuance of financial
      debts as the appropriate opportunities arose, so as to improve the proactive risk management of the liquidity risk.
      Fifthly, the Company moderately increased its investments in qualified high-quality bonds, maintained sufficient
      liquidity reserve, and further enhanced the ability to mitigate liquidity risk. Sixthly, the Company strengthened
      liquidity risk management of business lines. Specifically, as for standalone business lines such as bills business and
      wealth management business, the Company set separate liquidity risk limit and enhanced the duration matching
      management of its assets and liabilities. Seventhly, the Company tested and improved the liquidity contingency plan
      and emergency plan, and effectively improved the ability to respond to liquidity risk events through regular liquidity
      risk emergency drills.
      The Company has satisfied the relevant requirements of the “Administrative Measures on Liquidity Risk of
      Commercial Banks” issued by the CBIRC in May 2018. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s liquidity
      coverage ratio was 171.53%, higher by 71.53 percentage points than the minimum requirement of the CBIRC.
      The net stable funding ratio was 122.62%, higher by 22.62 percentage points than the minimum requirement of
      the CBIRC; the liquidity ratio was 51.90%, higher by 26.90 percentage points than the minimum requirement of
      the CBIRC; and the liquidity matching ratio was 153.12%, higher by 53.12 percentage points than the minimum
      requirement of the CBIRC15, indicating that the Company had sufficient funding sources to meet the needs of
      sustainable and healthy development of the business. 10.5% of the Company’s total RMB deposits and 5% of the
      Company’s total foreign currency deposits were required to be placed with the PBOC. In summary, the Company’s
      liquidity indicators remained at healthy levels. Deposits maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves were sufficient
      and overall liquidity was at a safe level.
      For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
      statements.




      15
             The liquidity coverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, liquidity ratio and liquidity matching ratio are all the external regulatory indicator – the
             legal person’s calibre.
82   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.11.7 Reputational risk management
           Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders due to
           the Company’s operations, management and other activities or external incidents. Reputational risk management is
           an important part of the corporate governance and the overall risk management system of the Company, covering
           all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company established
           the reputational risk management system and formulated relevant requirements and took initiatives to effectively
           prevent the reputational risk and respond to any reputational incidents, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to
           the greatest extent.
           During the reporting period, the Company carried out an iterative upgrade for the existing public opinion
           surveillance system and increased the dual-line early-warning models of the Head Office and branches in respect of
           branch-related public opinions, so as to improve the response efficiency of negative public opinions. The Company
           comprehensively investigated the risk associated with third-party cooperative institutions, and strengthened the
           pre-management of reputational risk to reduce hidden risks. The Company has established the public opinion
           case database shared by the Head Office and branches, sorted out and analysed typical public opinion cases and
           conducted relevant trainings, thus continuously improving the awareness and management of reputational risk of
           the whole Bank.



     3.11.8 Compliance risk management
           Compliance risk refers to the risk of the Company being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material
           financial losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Board
           of Directors of the Company is ultimately responsible for the compliance of the operating activities, and delegates
           the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors to supervise the compliance risk
           management. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is the highest management
           organisation under the senior management to manage compliance risk of the whole Company. The Company has
           set up a complete and effective compliance risk management system, the organisational management structure
           comprising the Risk and Compliance Management Committee, compliance supervisors, compliance officers and the
           Legal and Compliance Department under the Head Office and its branches as well as compliance supervisors at
           branch and sub-branch levels, the three defence lines for compliance risk management and the double-line reporting
           mechanism, and achieved effective control of compliance risk through continuously perfecting its risk management
           system and mechanism and improving its management techniques.
           During the reporting period, confronting the continuously “tough and stringent regulatory requirements”, the
           Company proactively adapted to the new regulatory requirements, accurately grasped the direction of compliance,
           ensured the full implementation of the regulatory requirements, and further improved the long-term mechanism
           for internal control and compliance management. The Company primarily adopted the following internal control
           and compliance management measures: firstly, formulating and issuing the “Guiding Opinions for Internal
           Control and Compliance Work of the Bank in 2019”, and making arrangements for the internal control and
           compliance management of the whole Bank; secondly, carrying out the “Rectification of Disorders and Promotion
           of Compliance” in accordance with the requirements of the CBIRC, and making comprehensive rectifications in
           equity and corporate governance, implementation of macro-policies, credit management and other aspects, thus
           further consolidating the foundation of internal control and compliance management; thirdly, timely understanding,
           disseminating and effectively identifying new regulatory requirements and evaluating, mitigating and resolving
           the compliance risks associated with new products, new businesses and major projects; fourthly, strengthening
           the system management of the whole Bank, organising and carrying out system improvement, re-investigation,
           post-evaluation and other tasks to improve management systems; at the same time, launching the office and
           system optimisation projects to improve work efficiency while facilitating the staff of the Company to utilise their
           fragmented time to learn the key knowledge points about the system; fifthly, strengthening employee behavior
           management through various approaches such as investigating employees’ abnormal behaviors, keeping a record of
           employees’ points of minor violations, conducting due diligence on the personnel engaging in asset business and
           applying for resignation, issuing training materials such as employee compliance and warning cases, and organising
           multi-level compliance education to further enhance the employees’ compliance concept and awareness across the
           Bank; sixthly, continuously conducting comprehensive compliance inspections, thoroughly analysing the causes of
           various problems found in internal and external inspections, following up and supervising the rectifications, and
           constantly improving the internal control and compliance management at all levels.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         83
Annual Report 2019


3.11.9 Anti-money laundering management
      The Company has established a relatively sound anti-money laundering internal control system. The Company
      has formulated a full set of anti-money laundering management system based on the requirements of relevant
      laws and regulations on anti-money laundering and its own actual conditions. It has also developed and launched
      a comparatively complete anti-money laundering monitoring system, established an anti-money laundering
      organisational system, and had a dedicated anti-money laundering team to ensure the sound operation of business
      throughout the Bank.
      During the reporting period, the Company fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and took various measures
      to ensure the compliance and effectiveness of its anti-money laundering. These measures included but were not
      limited: further improving the internal control system for anti-money laundering of the Company in accordance with
      the requirements of the “Guidelines for Risk Management of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing for Legal
      Entities of Financial Institutions (Trial)”, “Administrative Measures for Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism
      Financing in Banking and Financial Institutions” and other regulatory documents. The Company strengthened the
      assessment of money laundering risks associated with its businesses and products and the review of the anti-money
      laundering system, and effectively embedded anti-money laundering compliance requirements into business
      processes and systems. The Company further carried out various risk screening and case re-investigations to prevent
      various money laundering risks, proactively promoted the application of AI and other financial technologies in anti-
      money laundering to enhance the efficiency and quality of monitoring and analysis, thus improving the efficiency
      and quality in the field of analysis by 30% and 8%, respectively, developed and promoted the customer background
      investigation platform for anti-money laundering and improved the customer due diligence processes. The Company
      continuously optimised the anti-money laundering monitoring systems, the name list management system for
      anti-money laundering and the risk rating systems to improve the effectiveness of anti-money laundering across the
      Bank. The Company implemented the “Notice of the People’s Bank of China on Strengthening the Identification
      of Anti-Money Laundering Customers” and other regulatory requirements, and continued to carry out beneficiary
      identification, suspicious transactions reporting, subsequent risk control and the management of customers
      associated with high risks.



3.12 Profit Appropriation
3.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2019
      10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2019 of RMB86.085 billion, equivalent to RMB8.609 billion,
      was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the total balance of the risk assets, equivalent to
      RMB10.002 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H
      Shares on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash
      dividend of RMB1.20 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on
      the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The
      actual appropriation amount in HKD will be calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark rates to be
      released by the PBOC for the week before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting (inclusive of the day of the
      shareholders’ general meeting). The retained profits will be carried forward to the next year. In 2019, the Company
      did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration
      and approval at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
      For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
      the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2019 Annual General
      Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2019, the Company will make further
      announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
      Shareholders will be completed by 28 August 2020.
84   China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2019


     3.12.2 Profit appropriation for the last three years
                                                                                                                             Net profit       Proportion of
                                                                                                                           attributable       cash dividend
                                                                                    Number                                   to holders        to net profit
                                                                                   of shares                                of ordinary         attributable
                                                                                  issued on                               shares in the           to holders
                                         Number                               capitalisation           Total cash         consolidated           of ordinary
                                        of bonus        Cash dividend            of surplus             dividends              financial       shares in the
                                       shares for            for every          reserve for             (inclusive          statements         consolidated
                                      every share           share held          every share             of tax, in         for the year             financial
                                     held (No. of         (inclusive of        held (No. of            millions of      (in millions of          statements
           Year                           shares)        tax, in RMB)                shares)                 RMB)                 RMB)                   (%)
           2017                                    –                0.84                     –              21,185               70,150                30.20
           2018                                    –                0.94                     –              23,707               78,901                30.05
           2019(note)                              –                1.20                     –              30,264               91,197                33.19

           Note: The profit appropriation plan for 2019 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company.



     3.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
           1.       As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
                    of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
                    (1)      profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of the investors,
                             and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability;
                    (2)      the Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                             it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                             and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                             the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                             investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                             Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                             net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                             PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                             resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorized
                             by the shareholder at a general meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation plan;
                    (3)      if the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did
                             not make any cash profit appropriation proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the
                             Company shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in
                             the periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard;
                    (4)      if the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the
                             size of share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the Board
                             of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the same
                             upon consideration and approval at a general meeting, provided that the abovementioned cash profit
                             appropriation requirements are satisfied;
                    (5)      the Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                             domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                             pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                             declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                             for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                             be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State;
                    (6)      where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                             has been identified, the Company shall make deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to such
                             shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated; and
                    (7)      the Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                             relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                          85
Annual Report 2019


      2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2018 was implemented in
             strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
             Ltd.. It was considered and approved by the 40th meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors
             of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2018 Annual General Meeting. The
             criteria and proportion of cash dividend were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
             has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2019
             will also be implemented in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of
             China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. It will be considered and approved by the 9th meeting of the Eleventh
             Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2019
             Annual General Meeting of the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have expressed their
             independent opinions on the profit appropriation plans for 2018 and 2019 that the profit appropriation plans
             of the Company and their implementation process have provided adequate protection for the legitimate
             rights and interests of minority investors.

3.13 Requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Reporting Guide
      During the reporting period, adhering to the social responsibility principle of “Gain from society and contribute to
      society”, the Company actively made contribution and fulfilled its social responsibilities on target poverty alleviation,
      green loans, support to SMEs, protection of consumers’ interests, public welfare and employee care. For more
      details, please refer to the “Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Bank for 2019”, which is
      available on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The
      relevant disclosures are in compliance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting
      Guide issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

3.14 Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
      So far as the Board of Directors is aware, during the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material
      respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the operations of the Company.

3.15 Management Contracts
      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
      the Company were entered into or existing during the year.

3.16 Permitted Indemnity Provision
      The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisor and
      senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisor and senior management arising out of
      corporate activities.




      By order of the Board of Directors
      Li Jianhong
      Chairman of the Board of Directors
      20 March 2020
          Simple Work
                        Style



Keep to the point and save time.


Do not bother over-embellishing
PowerPoints.
China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events                                                                                87
Annual Report 2019



Important Events

4.1 Principal Business Activities
      The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



4.2 Financial Highlights
      Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



4.3 Shareholders’ Equity
      For details of changes in shareholders’ equity of the Company, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of
      Changes in Shareholders’ Equity” in the financial statements.



4.4 Fixed Assets
      Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the financial
      statements.



4.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
      Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
      during the reporting period.



4.6 Pre-emptive Rights
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
      of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



4.7 Retirement and Welfare
      Details about retirement and welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the
      financial statements.



4.8 Principal Customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
      did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
88   China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2019



     4.9 Interests and Short Positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief
         Executives under Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
           As at 31 December 2019, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
           the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (as
           defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
           Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors, Supervisors
           and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which
           are required to be and are recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as
           otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set
           out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                      of the          of the
                                                                                                               relevant class   total issued
                                                       Class of   Long/short                            No. of     of shares       ordinary
           Name             Position                   shares     position        Capacity              shares in issue (%)      shares (%)
           Tian Huiyu       Executive Director,     A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     220,400       0.00107       0.00087
                              President and Chief
                              Executive Officer
           Zhou Song        Non-Executive Director A Share        Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282       0.00011       0.00009
           Liu Jianjun      Executive Director,     A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     160,000       0.00078       0.00063
                              Executive Vice
                              President and
                              Secretary of
                              Board of Directors
           Wang Liang       Executive Director,     A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     160,000       0.00078       0.00063
                              Executive Vice
                              President and Chief
                              Financial Officer
           Liu Yuan         Chairman of Board of    A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     180,000       0.00087       0.00071
                              Supervisors, Employee
                              Supervisor
           Wang Wanqing     Employee Supervisor     A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     121,000       0.00059       0.00048
           Liu Xiaoming     Employee Supervisor     A Share       Long position   Beneficial Owner     100,000       0.00048       0.00040



     4.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
          the Company
           So far as the Company is aware, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
           compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



     4.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
          Supervisors and Senior Management
           Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
           material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.
China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events                                                                              89
Annual Report 2019



4.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
     Supervisors
      So far as the Company is aware, during the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have
      no material interests in contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.
      None of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company
      which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory
      compensation).



4.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
     Supervisors or Senior Management
      So far as the Company is aware, during the reporting period, none of the Company, its Directors, Supervisors or
      senior management was subject to investigation by relevant authorities or to mandatory measures imposed by
      judicial organs or disciplinary inspection authorities. None of them had been referred or handed over to judicial
      authorities or prosecuted for criminal liability, under investigation or administrative sanction by the CSRC, nor
      had they been prohibited from engagement in the securities markets, determined as unqualified persons, or been
      publicly censured by any stock exchange. The Company has not been penalised by other regulatory bodies which
      have significant impact on the businesses of the Company.



4.14 Explanation on the Integrity Profile of the Company
      So far as the Company is aware, there has not been any court judgment over significant litigations with which the
      Company has not fulfilled, nor has there been any outstanding debt of significant amount during the reporting
      period.



4.15 Undertakings Made by the Company, Directors, Supervisors,
     Senior Management and Other Connected Persons
      In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招 商 局 輪 船 股 份 有 限 公 司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
      Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
      Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
      terms more favorable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of the
      loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company. Upon
      expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until they
      obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
      transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting
      of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
      impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
      Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above shareholders had not
      violated the aforesaid undertakings.
      According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
      Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
      Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting on 26 May 2017, and formulated the remedial measures in respect
      of the dilution of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance
      of preference shares. The measures include adhering to the strategic direction of “Light-operation Bank” and the
      strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, creating differentiated competitive advantages, strengthening
      the awareness of capital constraints and return on capital, striving to reduce capital consumption, improving the
      efficiency of capital utilisation, strengthening the management of asset quality, and maintaining a stable return
      policy for the holders of ordinary shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also
      undertook to earnestly implement the remedial measures. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the
      reporting period, neither the Company nor its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid
      undertakings.
90   China Merchants Bank              IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2019



     4.16 Significant Connected Transactions16
     4.16.1 Overview of connected transactions
           A majority of the continuing connected transactions of the Company met the de minimis exemption and the non-
           exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the reporting and announcement requirements under the Hong
           Kong Listing Rules.



     4.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
           Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
           Company were those conducted by the Company with CMFM and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CMFM
           Group”), and CM Securities and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CM Securities Group”), respectively.
           With the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, on 13 December 2016, the Company announced that
           the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for the years of 2017, 2018 and 2019
           were RMB2.5 billion, RMB3.8 billion and RMB5.8 billion, respectively. On 27 March 2018, the Company announced
           that the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CM Securities Group for the years of 2018,
           2019 and 2020 were RMB500 million. For details of the above continuing connected transactions, please refer to
           the relevant announcements issued by the Company on 13 December 2016 and 27 March 2018, respectively.
           CMFM Group
           At the end of the reporting period, the Company and CM Securities held 55% and 45% of the equity interest in
           CMFM, respectively. CMFM Group is a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
           fund distribution agency service provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted the continuing connected
           transactions of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
           On 13 December 2016, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM for a term
           commencing on 1 January 2017 and expiring on 31 December 2019. The agreement was entered into on normal
           commercial principles after an arm’s length negotiation. The agency service fees payable by CMFM Group shall be
           calculated at the rates specified in the fund offering documents and/or the offering prospectuses and shall be settled
           to the Company under the agreement.
           The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group for 2019 was
           RMB5.8 billion, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of
           the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
           reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and exempt from the
           independent shareholders’ approval requirement.
           In 2019, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group amounted to RMB1.081
           billion.
           The Company and CMFM entered into the new Fund Business Co-operation Agreement on 3 December 2019 for a
           term of three years commencing on 1 January 2020 and expiring on 31 December 2022. The agreement was entered
           into on an arm’s length basis and calculated on normal commercial terms. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based
           on the rates specified in the fund offering documents and/or the offering prospectuses, and pay agency service fees
           to the Company in accordance with the agreement. For details of the Fund Business Co-operation Agreement, please
           refer to the relevant announcement of the Company dated 3 December 2019.




     16
           “Connected Transaction(s)” and “Connected Parties” in this section are the terms of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events                                                                                91
Annual Report 2019


      CM Securities Group
      At the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. indirectly held 29.97% of the equity interest in
      the Company (by way of equity interests held, right of control or relationship of parties acting in concert). As China
      Merchants Group also held 44.09% of the equity interest in CM Securities, CM Securities Group is a connected
      person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The third-party custodian accounts, sales of funds,
      account custodian, the agency sales for wealth management products and collective investment products and other
      services provided by the Company to CM Securities Group constituted the continuing connected transactions of the
      Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      On 27 March 2018, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CM Securities for a term
      commencing on 1 January 2018 and expiring on 31 December 2020. The agreement was entered into on normal
      commercial principles after an arm’s length negotiation, pursuant to which CM Securities Group shall pay the service
      fees to the Company at the normal market prices.
      The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM Securities Group for 2019
      was RMB500 million, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
      reporting, announcement and annual review requirements, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
      requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      In 2019, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM Securities Group amounted to
      RMB84 million.



4.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
      continuing connected transactions between the Company and each of CMFM Group and CM Securities Group and
      confirmed that:
      1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
      2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
             shareholders as a whole;
      3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
      4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
      Furthermore, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to review the continuing connected transactions
      of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements
      Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
      Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors has confirmed the findings, conclusions and the
      unqualified letter issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions
      in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. A copy of the letter has been provided by the
      Company to the SEHK.
92   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2019


     4.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
           The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
           statements. These transactions comprised those between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary
           course of business, including borrowings, investments, deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and
           other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions were conducted on normal
           commercial terms in the ordinary course of business of the Company, which constituted the connected transactions
           under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and complied with the applicable requirements thereof.



     4.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
           Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
           the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 213 pending
           cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate of principal and
           interest of RMB1.204 billion. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration cases would
           have a significant adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



     4.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance
           Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
           leasing of assets
           During the reporting period, none of the material contracts of the Company involving holding in custody, contracting
           or hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies by the Company or vice versa was entered into beyond the
           normal business scope of banks.



           Significant guarantees
           Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for the
           financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the CBIRC, the Company did not have
           any other significant discloseable guarantees.



           Explanatory notes and independent opinions of the Independent Non-Executive
           Directors on the guarantees of China Merchants Bank
           In accordance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Independent Non-
           Executive Directors of the Company carried out a due diligence review of the external guarantees of the Company
           for 2019 on an open, fair and objective basis, and issued their opinions on the special review as follows:
           After review, it was ascertained that the external guarantee business of China Merchants Bank was approved by
           the CBIRC, and it was carried out in the ordinary course of business of banks as a conventional business. As at 31
           December 2019, the balance of the irrevocable guarantees of China Merchants Bank was RMB201.427 billion.
           China Merchants Bank emphasises the risk management of the guarantee business. It has formulated specific
           management measures and operation workflow according to the risk profile of this business. In addition, China
           Merchants Bank has enhanced risk monitoring and safeguarded this business through management means such as
           on-site and off-site inspections. During the reporting period, the guarantee business of China Merchants Bank had
           been in normal operation and there were no non-compliant guarantees.
China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events                                                                                93
Annual Report 2019



4.19 Use of Funds by Related Parties
      During the reporting period, neither the substantial shareholders of the Company nor their related parties had used
      any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and none of them had used the funds of the Company
      through, among others, any related transactions not entered into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special audit opinion in this regard.



4.20 Information on Significant Equity Investments
      The Company obtained the approval from the CBIRC in November 2019 for the commencement of business of
      CMB Wealth Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. At present, CMB Wealth Management has
      officially commenced operation. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company
      on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.



4.21 Appointment of Accounting Firms and Sponsors
      According to its resolutions passed at the 2018 Annual General Meeting, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic
      subsidiaries for 2019 and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the international accounting firm of the Company and its
      overseas subsidiaries for 2019. These two accounting firms have been engaged as auditors of the Company since
      2016. Zeng Hao and Zhu Wei are the certified public accountants who signed the audit report on the Company’s
      financial statements for 2019 prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, who
      have been serving as the public accountants signing the financial statements of the Company since 2016 and 2017,
      respectively.
      The financial statements of the Company for 2019 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
      and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2019 were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2019 prepared under International Accounting
      Standards were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees amounted to approximately RMB23.93
      million, among which the audit fees for internal control was approximately RMB1.34 million. The Company paid the
      total non-audit fees of approximately RMB12.20 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
      LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for the current year. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
      and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not compromise their
      audit independence.
      The Company has appointed UBS Securities Co., Ltd. and CM Securities as its sponsors for the non-public issuance
      of domestic preference shares since 2017, and the period of their continuous supervision over the Company had
      expired on 31 December 2019. The Company paid all the remuneration (including sponsorship and underwriting
      fees) to its sponsors in 2018.
94   China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2019



     4.22 Review of Annual Results
           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the external auditors of
           the Company, have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally
           Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards respectively, and each has issued
           an unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the
           Company’s annual report for 2019.



     4.23 Annual General Meeting
           For the convening of its 2019 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



     4.24 Explanation on Changes in Accounting Policies
           For details of the changes in the accounting policies of the Company during the reporting period, please refer to
           Note 3 “Application of new and amendments to IFRSs” to the financial statements.



     4.25 Post-balance Sheet Events
           The COVID-19 pandemic started to break out across the country in January 2020. It is expected that in a short
           period of time, it will have a significant impact on the operation of enterprises in certain provinces, especially Hubei
           Province, cities and certain industries, as well as the overall economic situation, which may in turn affect the return
           on equity or asset quality of the credit assets and investment assets of the Company to some extent, depending on
           the situation and duration of the fight against the pandemic, the implementation of various regulatory policies and
           other factors.



     4.26 Publication of Annual Report
           The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
           Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the English and Chinese
           versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
           The Company also prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
           Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
           Stock Exchange and the Company.
                     Simple Work
                                   Style


Getting hands dirty is
both difficult and easy.


Ignoring problems is
worse than not
finding them.
96   China Merchants Bank            V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2019



     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     5.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
         Reporting Period
                                                                                                    Changes in the
                                                                                                      No. of shares
                                                                  31 December 2018                       during the             31 December 2019
                                                                                  Percentage       reporting period                             Percentage
                                                             No. of shares               (%)          No. of shares         No. of shares              (%)
           1.      Shares subject to trading
                   moratorium                                             –                   –                      –                 –                   –

           2.      Shares not subject to trading
                   moratorium                    25,219,845,601                      100.00                          –    25,219,845,601            100.00

                   (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A
                       Shares)                            20,628,944,429              81.80                          –    20,628,944,429              81.80
                   (2) Foreign shares listed domestically              –                  –                          –                 –                  –
                   (3) Foreign shares listed overseas
                       (H Shares)                          4,590,901,172              18.20                          –     4,590,901,172              18.20
                   (4) Others                                          –                  –                          –                 –                  –

           3.      Total shares                          25,219,845,601              100.00                          –    25,219,845,601            100.00

           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 263,863 shareholders, including 231,096 holders
           of A Shares and 32,767 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject
           to trading moratorium.
           As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e. 29 February 2020), the Company
           had a total of 355,287 shareholders, including 322,658 holders of A Shares and 32,629 holders of H Shares. Neither
           the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading moratorium.
           Based on the publicly available information and so far as the Directors were aware, as at the end of the reporting
           period, the Company had met the public float requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



     5.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
         Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings are not Subject to Trading
         Moratorium
                                                                                                                                    Number
                                                                                                                                   of shares
                                                                             Percentage                                           subject to           Shares
                                                              Shares held at of the total                             Changes in    trading         pledged
                                                 Type of      the end of the       share                           the reporting moratorium        or frozen
           Serial No. Name of shareholders       shareholders period (share) capital (%)            Type of shares period (share)    (share)          (share)
           1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.         Overseas legal   4,548,278,354       18.03       H Shares not           1,798,685          –      Unknown
                                                  person                                            subject to trading
                                                                                                    moratorium

           2         China Merchants Steam       State-owned      3,289,470,337       13.04       A Shares not                   –          –              –
                      Navigation Co., Ltd.         legal person                                     subject to trading
                                                                                                    moratorium
China Merchants Bank                   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                             97
Annual Report 2019


                                                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                                                       of shares
                                                                                   Percentage                                         subject to              Shares
                                                                    Shares held at of the total                           Changes in    trading            pledged
                                                       Type of      the end of the       share                         the reporting moratorium           or frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholders                  shareholders period (share) capital (%)          Type of shares period (share)    (share)             (share)
      3              China Ocean Shipping              State-owned      1,574,729,111         6.24    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                      Company Limited                    legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                        moratorium

      4              Hexie Health Insurance Co.,       Domestic legal 1,258,949,171           4.99    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                      Ltd. – Traditional – Ordinary     person                                          subject to trading
                      insurance products                                                                moratorium

      5              Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.   Domestic legal 1,258,949,100           4.99    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                      – Conservative Investment         person                                          subject to trading
                      Portfolio                                                                         moratorium

      6              Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment      State-owned      1,258,542,349         4.99    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                       and Development Company           legal person                                   subject to trading
                       Ltd.                                                                             moratorium

      7              China Merchants Finance           State-owned      1,147,377,415         4.55    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                      Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.       legal person                                   subject to trading
                                                                                                        moratorium

      8              Hong Kong Securities Clearing     Overseas legal   1,017,326,161         4.03    A Shares not         331,710,060              –             –
                      Company Limited                   person                                          subject to trading
                                                                                                        moratorium

      9              Shenzhen Chu Yuan                 State-owned       944,013,171          3.74    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                       Investment and Development        legal person                                   subject to trading
                       Company Ltd.                                                                     moratorium

      10             China Securities Finance          Domestic legal    754,798,622          2.99    A Shares not                   –              –             –
                      Corporation Limited               person                                          subject to trading
                                                                                                        moratorium

      Notes:   (1)      Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on the
                        transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd.. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others to
                        hold shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by investors
                        through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

               (2)      Pursuant to the approval by CBIRC, Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has been renamed as Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and its controlling
                        shareholder has been changed from Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. to Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. The change of the names of
                        its shareholders’ accounts is still subject to completion of relevant procedures at China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd.,
                        Shanghai Branch. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 28 August 2019.

               (3)      As at the end of the reporting period, of the aforesaid top 10 shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong
                        Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development
                        Company Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co. Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company
                        Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China Merchants Group Ltd.; the ultimate controlling shareholder of both Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. and
                        Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action
                        in concert among other shareholders.

               (4)      The above holders of A Shares did not hold the shares of the Company through credit securities accounts.
98   China Merchants Bank            V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2019



     5.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
     5.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
           As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants
           Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
           and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants
           Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Limited,
           indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company.
           Among which, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% shares in the Company, and is the
           largest shareholder of the Company. China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. has a registered capital of RMB7.0
           billion, and its legal representative is Li Jianhong. It mainly engages in passenger and cargo shipping businesses;
           dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation; sale, purchase and supply of various transportation equipment,
           spare parts and materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency, international maritime cargo, etc.; as well
           as investment and management of transportation-related financial businesses including banking, securities and
           insurance.
           China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and
           is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder, with a registered capital of RMB16.7 billion. Its
           legal representative is Li Jianhong. China Merchants Group Ltd. is a state-owned enterprise under the direct control
           of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Its predecessor, China
           Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China was in its late Qing Dynasty and was
           undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which played a significant role in promoting
           the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time. Nowadays, it has developed into a
           diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three core industries, namely integrated transportation,
           featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and industrial zones. It is realising the transformation
           from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial operation, financial services, investment and
           capital operation.
           The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
           largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of
           the amounts listed are due to rounding):



                                                                China Merchants Group Ltd.



                                                                        100%
                                                                     China Merchants
                                                                 Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.



                                    100%                                                      100%
                   China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited                  China Merchants Finance
                                                                                       Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.
                                                         100%                                                           51%                                        27.59%
                                                                                                        Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment     49%
                                        China Merchants International                                                                              China Merchants China
                                          Finance Company Limited                                       and Development Company Ltd.              Direct Investments Limited

                        50%                              100%                                     50%                   50%                                        100%
                   China Merchants               Best Winner                                  Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment                           China Merchants Industry
                  Union (BVI) Limited         Investment Limited                              and Development Company Ltd.                        Development (Shenzhen) Limited


                     1.89%                                                                                                             4.99%
                                              1.53%                 13.04%               4.55%               3.74%
                                                                                                                                          0.22%
                                                                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank          V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                99
Annual Report 2019


5.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
      Company
      1.     As at the end of the reporting period, Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
             each held 4.99% shares in the Company, so that they held an aggregate of 9.98% shares in the Company,
             and did not pledge any of its shares in the Company. In particular:
             (1)       The controlling shareholder of Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. is Anbang Insurance Group Co.,
                       Ltd.. The controlling shareholder of Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is China Insurance Security
                       Fund Co., Ltd.. The de facto controller of China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd. is the Ministry of
                       Finance. Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was established on 15 October 2004, with a registered
                       capital of RMB41.539 billion, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. The scope of its businesses
                       includes: investments in establishment of insurance enterprises; supervision and management of
                       various domestic and international businesses of the enterprises under control with its investment; the
                       investment business permitted under the PRC laws and regulations; the insurance business permitted
                       under the PRC laws and regulations; and other businesses approved by the CBIRC.
             (2)       Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is formerly known as Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. before change
                       of name, and its controlling shareholder is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. On 23 August 2019,
                       pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC, Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was renamed as Dajia Life
                       Insurance Co., Ltd. and its controlling shareholder was changed from Anbang Insurance Group Co.,
                       Ltd. to Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. The controlling shareholder of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
                       is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.. The de facto controller of China Insurance Security Fund
                       Co., Ltd. is the Ministry of Finance. Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019,
                       with a registered capital of RMB20.36 billion, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. The scope
                       of its businesses includes: investments in and holding of the shares of insurance enterprises and other
                       financial institutions; supervision and management of various domestic and international businesses
                       of the enterprises under control with its investment; the investment business and insurance fund
                       utilisation business permitted under the PRC laws and regulations; the insurance business permitted
                       by the CBIRC; and other businesses approved by the CBIRC and other relevant authorities of the PRC.
      2.     As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an
             aggregate of 9.97% shares in the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company
             Limited, COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co.,
             Ltd. (廣州海寧海務技術諮詢有限公司), COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運 （上海） 有限公司),
             COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Sanding Oil Transport Trading Co., Ltd. (深圳市
             三鼎油運貿易有限公司). There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Among which, China Ocean
             Shipping Company Limited held 6.24% shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company
             (the predecessor of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983, with
             a registered capital of RMB16.191 billion. Its legal representative is Xu Lirong. The scope of its businesses
             includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; acceptance
             of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing,
             construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship
             escrowing business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to shipping
             business at home and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business and
             seafarer assignment business.
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company
             Limited and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and
             Administration Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established
             in February 2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion. Its legal representative is Xu Lirong. The scope
             of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation;
             imports and exports of goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding
             business; ship leasing; sales of ships, containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment
             design; terminal and port investment; communication equipment sales, information and technical services;
             warehousing (except hazardous chemicals); engaged in technology development, technology transfer,
             technical consulting, technical services and equity investment funds in the field of shipping and spare parts.
100   China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2019


      5.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
            1.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group (Limited) through its
                   subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co.,
                   Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbor Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua (Shenzhen)
                   Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbor Consultants Co., Ltd. indirectly held an aggregate of 1.68%
                   shares in the Company, and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no
                   pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction Group (Limited) was established
                   on 8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion, and its legal representative is Liu Qitao.
                   Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State
                   Council.
            2.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% shares in the Company
                   and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
                   of the Company. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital
                   of RMB11.683 billion, and its legal representative is Chen Hong. Its de facto controller is the State-owned
                   Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai City.
            3.     As at the end of the reporting period, Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. held 1.17% shares in the Company and
                   is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of
                   the Company. Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. was established on 28 August 2002, with a registered capital
                   of RMB8.0 billion. Its legal representative is Cao Ziyu and its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets
                   Supervision and Administration Commission of Hebei Province.



      5.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
            During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares.
            For details of the issuance and listing of preference shares of the Company, please refer to the section headed
            “Preference Shares” of this chapter.
            During the reporting period, the Company did not have any corporate bonds listed on a stock exchange by way of
            public issuance.
            For the issuance of other bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 32 to the financial
            statements.
            The Company did not issue any internal staff shares.
China Merchants Bank            V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                     101
Annual Report 2019



5.5 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the
    Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations
      As at 31 December 2019, as far as the Company is aware, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions
      in the shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept
      by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO (in the report, any discrepancies between the total shown and
      the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding):
                                                                                                          Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                of the       of total
                                                                                                        relevant class        issued
      Name of Substantial               Class of Long/short                                               of shares in      ordinary
      Shareholder                       shares position Capacity                  No. of shares   Notes      issue (%)    shares (%)
      China Merchants Group Ltd.        A      Long      Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
                                                            corporation
                                               Long      Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                  6,752,746,952     1           32.73          26.78
                                        H      Long      Interest of controlled     806,680,423     1           17.57           3.20
                                                            corporation

      China Merchants Steam             A      Long      Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
        Navigation Co., Ltd.                   Long      Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                               Long         corporation
                                                         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                  6,752,746,952     1           32.73          26.78
                                        H      Long      Interest of controlled     806,680,423     1           17.57           3.20
                                                            corporation

      China Merchants Finance           A      Long      Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
        Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.          Long      Interest of controlled   2,202,555,520
                                               Long         corporation
                                                         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                  3,405,129,475     1           16.51          13.50

      Best Winner Investment Limited    A      Long      Beneficial owner           58,147,140      1            0.28           0.23
                                        H      Long      Beneficial owner          328,776,923      1            7.16           1.30

      Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment      A      Long      Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349
        and Development Company                Long      Interest of controlled     944,013,171
        Ltd.                                                corporation
                                                                                  2,202,555,520     1           10.68           8.73
102   China Merchants Bank              V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2019


                                                                                                                 Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                       of the       of total
                                                                                                               relevant class        issued
            Name of Substantial                Class of Long/short                                               of shares in      ordinary
            Shareholder                        shares position Capacity                  No. of shares   Notes      issue (%)    shares (%)
            Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd.   A      Long      Beneficial owner         1,258,949,171                  6.10           4.99

            Anbang Property & Casualty         A      Long      Interest of controlled   1,258,949,171                  6.10           4.99
              Insurance Company Ltd.                               corporation

            Anbang Insurance Group Co.,        A      Long      Interest of controlled   1,258,949,171                  6.10           4.99
              Ltd.                                                 corporation

            Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     A      Long      Beneficial owner         1,258,949,100                  6.10           4.99

            Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.    A      Long      Interest of controlled   1,258,949,100                  6.10           4.99
                                                                   corporation

            China Ocean Shipping Company       A      Long      Beneficial owner         1,574,729,111                  7.63           6.24
              Limited

            Pagoda Tree Investment Company H          Long      Interest of controlled    477,903,500      2           10.41           1.89
              Limited (中國華馨投資有限公                                   corporation
              司)

            Compass Investment Company         H      Long      Interest of controlled    477,903,500      2           10.41           1.89
              Limited                                              corporation

            CNIC Corporation Limited           H      Long      Interest of controlled    477,903,500      2           10.41           1.89
                                                                   corporation

            Verise Holdings Company Limited H         Long      Interest of controlled    477,903,500      2           10.41           1.89
                                                                   corporation

            China Merchants Union (BVI)        H      Long      Beneficial owner          477,903,500      2           10.41           1.89
              Limited

            BlackRock, Inc.                    H      Long      Interest of controlled    243,190,481      3            5.30           0.96
                                                                   corporation
                                                      Short     Interest of controlled        408,000      3            0.01           0.00
                                                                   corporation

            Citigroup Inc.                     H      Long      Interest of controlled     24,375,639
                                                                   corporation
                                                      Long      Approved lending agent    300,827,276
                                                                                          325,202,915      4            7.08           1.29
                                                      Short     Interest of controlled      2,278,349      4            0.04           0.01
                                                                   corporation
China Merchants Bank              V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                           103
Annual Report 2019


      Notes:

      (1)      For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 5.3.1 “Information on the
               Company’s largest shareholder”.

      (2)      Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
               Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly-owned subsidiary of Compass Investment Company Limited:

               (2.1)    China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited
                        was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of
                        holding the 50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

               (2.2)    Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed
                        to hold the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which Verise Holdings Company Limited was deemed to hold.

               (2.3)    Compass Investment Company Limited (referred to in (2) above) was deemed to hold the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company
                        which CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to hold by virtue of holding the 98.9% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

               The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (2) and (2.1) to (2.3) above represented the same shares.

      (3)      BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 243,190,481 H shares (long position) and 408,000 H shares (short position) in the Company (of
               which 55,500 H shares (long position) and 260,500 H shares (short position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives) by virtue of
               its control over a number of companies, which were all indirectly wholly-owned by BlackRock, Inc. except for the following:

               (3.1)    BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. was indirectly held as to 86% by BlackRock, Inc.. BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. held
                        interests in the Company through the following companies:

                        (3.1.1)   BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd. (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held 18,909,018 H shares (long
                                  position) in the Company.

                        (3.1.2)   BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited held 547,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. BlackRock Asset
                                  Management Canada Limited was indirectly owned as to 99.9% by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P..

                        (3.1.3)   BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held
                                  1,403,000 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                        (3.1.4)   BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held
                                  2,449,740 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                        (3.1.5)   BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (indirectly wholly-owned by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.) held 6,500 H shares (long
                                  position) in the Company.
104   China Merchants Bank             V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2019


                   (3.2)     BlackRock Group Limited was held as to 90% by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. (referred to in (3.1) above). BlackRock Group
                             Limited held its interests in the Company through its direct or indirect wholly-owned companies as follows:

                             (3.2.1)   BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. held 497,500 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.2)   BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited held 379,000 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.3)   BlackRock International Limited held 418,161 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.4)   BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited held 25,867,784 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.5)   BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A. held 13,257,792 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.6)   BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited held 12,375,237 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.7)   BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG held 240,731 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.8)   BlackRock Fund Managers Limited held 5,830,371 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.9)   BlackRock Life Limited held 2,439,062 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.2.10) BlackRock Asset Management (Schweiz) AG held 31,500 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                   (3.3)     BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC was indirectly held as to 90% by BlackRock, Inc.. BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC held its interests in the Company
                             through its direct or indirect wholly-owned companies as follows:

                             (3.3.1)   BlackRock Fund Advisors held 103,839,388 H shares (long position) in the Company.

                             (3.3.2)   BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association held 47,087,775 H shares (long position) and 408,000 H shares
                                       (short position) in the Company.

            (4)    Citigroup Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 325,202,915 H shares (long position) and 2,278,349 H shares (short position) in the Company
                   by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of Citigroup Inc. in the Company included a
                   lending pool of 300,827,276 H shares. Besides, 5,611,728 H shares (long position) and 2,138,349 H shares (short position) were held through
                   derivatives as follows:

                   133,475 H shares (long position) and 2,000,000 H shares (short position)            – through physically settled listed derivatives
                   432,253 H shares (long position) and 51,849 H shares (short position)               – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
                   5,046,000 H shares (long position) and 86,500 H shares (short position)             – through cash settled unlisted derivatives


            Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
            and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
            positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2019 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
            the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
China Merchants Bank                        V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                               105
Annual Report 2019



5.6 Preference Shares
5.6.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 50,000,000
      non-cumulative perpetual offshore preference shares on 25 October 2017. The issuance price is USD20 each and the
      coupon dividend rate per annum is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the actual dividend yield to be received by the holders
      of the preference shares is 4.40%). The offshore preference shares of the issuance were listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange on 26 October 2017 (abbreviated name of shares: “CMB 17USDPREF”; stock code: 04614; number of
      listed shares: 50,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of the offshore preference shares amounted to
      USD1.0 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the
      Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
      domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
      per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
      the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
      “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
      the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion. The net proceeds after deduction of
      the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      For details, please refer to the relevant announcement(s) published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively.



5.6.2 Number of holders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 13 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference shares (or its nominee) and 12 holders of domestic preference
      shares.
      As at the end of the previous month (i.e. 29 February 2020) preceding the date for disclosure of this report, the
      Company had a total of 13 holders of preference shares (or nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference
      shares (or its nominee), and 12 holders of domestic preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of offshore preference
      shares (or their nominees) were as follows:


                                                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                          Shares held                      shares subject
                                                                                         Changes in        at the end                         to trading    Shares pledged
                         Name of               Type of         Type of                the reporting     of the period      Percentage of     moratorium          or frozen
      Serial No.         shareholder           shareholder     shares                 period (share)           (share) shareholdings (%)          (share)           (share)
      1                  The Bank of New     Overseas legal   Offshore                           –        50,000,000               100                –          Unknown
                           York Depository      person           preference share
                           (Nominees) Limited

      Notes:       (1)      The shareholdings of holders of preference shares are calculated based on the information listed in the register of holders of preference
                            shares maintained by the Company.
                   (2)      As the issuance is an offshore non-public issuance, the information listed in the register of holders of preference shares is the information
                            on the nominees of the placees.
                   (3)      The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above holders of preference shares and the top
                            ten holders of ordinary shares.
                   (4)      “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of offshore preference shares held by the holders of preference
                            shares to the total number of offshore preference shares.
106   China Merchants Bank                           V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2019


            As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
            shares were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                    Shares held                      shares subject
                                                                                                    Changes in       at the end                         to trading    Shares pledged
                               Name of                 Type of             Type of               the reporting    of the period      Percentage of     moratorium          or frozen
            Serial No.         shareholder             shareholder         shares                period (share)          (share) shareholdings (%)          (share)           (share)
            1                  China Mobile            State-owned legal   Domestic preference               –     106,000,000              38.55                –                 –
                                 Communications          person              shares
                                 Group Co., Ltd.
            2                  CCB Trust Co., Ltd.    State-owned legal    Domestic preference               –      30,000,000              10.91                –                  –
                                                        person               shares
            3                  BOC Asset Management Others                 Domestic preference               –      25,000,000                9.09               –                  –
                                  Co., Ltd. (中銀資產管                           shares
                                  理有限公司)
            4                  China National Tobacco State-owned legal    Domestic preference               –      20,000,000                7.27               –                  –
                                  (Henan Province)      person               shares
                                  Company
                               Ping An Property &     Others               Domestic preference               –      20,000,000                7.27               –                  –
                                  Casualty Insurance                         shares
                                  Company of China,
                                  Ltd.
            6                  China Everbright Bank Others                Domestic preference               –      19,000,000                6.91               –                  –
                                  Company Limited                            shares
            7                  China National Tobacco State-owned legal    Domestic preference               –      15,000,000                5.45               –                  –
                                  (Sichuan Province)    person               shares
                                  Company
                               China National Tobacco State-owned legal    Domestic preference               –      15,000,000                5.45               –                  –
                                  (Anhui Province)      person               shares
                                  Company
            9                  China Construction     State-owned legal    Domestic preference                –     10,000,000                3.64               –                  –
                                  Bank Corporation,     person               shares
                                  Guangdong Branch
            10                 China National Tobacco State-owned legal    Domestic preference                –      5,000,000                1.82               –                  –
                                  (Liaoning Province)   person               shares
                                  Company
                               Changjiang Pension     State-owned legal    Domestic preference                –      5,000,000                1.82               –                  –
                                  Insurance Co., Ltd.   person               shares
                               China Resources SZITIC State-owned legal    Domestic preference                –      5,000,000                1.82                –                 –
                                  Trust Co., Ltd.       person               shares

            Notes:       (1)      The shareholdings of preference shareholders are calculated based on the information listed in the register of holders of preference shares
                                  maintained by the Company.
                         (2)      China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Sichuan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui
                                  Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province) Company are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of China National Tobacco
                                  Corporation. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above holders of
                                  preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten holders of ordinary shares.
                         (3)      “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference
                                  shares to the total number of domestic preference shares.
China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                               107
Annual Report 2019


5.6.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
      Dividend distribution of offshore preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Offshore Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for offshore preference shares on 25 October 2019, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for offshore preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The offshore preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      offshore preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the relevant terms of the offshore
      preference shares, the dividend rate per annum of the offshore preference shares is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the
      actual dividend yield to be received by the holders of the preference shares is 4.40%). According to relevant laws
      and regulations, the Company shall withhold an income tax at a rate of 10% when distributing the dividends for the
      offshore preference shares to the offshore non-resident enterprises. According to the terms and conditions of the
      offshore preference shares, the Company is responsible to pay relevant income tax. Total amount of the proceeds
      from the issuance of the Company’s offshore preference shares was USD1 billion, the total amount of dividends for
      the offshore preference shares is USD48,888,888.89, comprising of USD44,000,000.00 which was actually paid to
      the holders of the offshore preference shares, and the withholding tax amounted to USD4,888,888.89.
      Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18 December 2019, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      domestic preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
      domestic preference shares, based on the dividend rate of 4.81% for domestic preference shares, the dividends per
      preference share paid were RMB4.81 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference shares in
      issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB1,322.75 million (including tax).
      For the details of dividend distribution for domestic and offshore preference shares, please refer to the relevant
      announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and the Company on 10 December 2019 and 15 October 2019, respectively.



5.6.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
      During the reporting period, there had been no repurchase and conversion of preference shares.



5.6.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
      During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s domestic and offshore preference shares in issue
      had not been restored.



5.6.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
      The Company made accounting judgments over its preference shares then issued and outstanding in accordance
      with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial Reporting
      Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Financial Reporting Standard 7 – Financial Instruments:
      Disclosures” promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares issued and
      outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they any contractual
      obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were therefore measured
      as equity instruments.
Don’t look down         Simple Work
                                      Style
on juniors. Don’t
kiss up to seniors.


Fear not for opposition, fear for silence.


You are respected for your
capacity to create, not for your
authority to dictate.
China Merchants Bank                 VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                      109
Annual Report 2019



Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
Employees, and Organisational Structure
6.1 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                                Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                    pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                            remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                             received from          from the
                                                                                                            Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                   at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                               beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                   of the         end of             period      during the
                                  Date of Birth                                                                   period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
      Name               Gender   (Y/M)         Title                                   Term of office            (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
      Li Jianhong        Male     1956.5        Chairman                                2014.8 – 2022.6                –                –                –               Yes
                                                Non – Executive Director                2014.7 – 2022.6
      Fu Gangfeng        Male     1966.12       Vice Chairman                           2018.7 – 2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
                                                Non – Executive Director                2010.8 – 2022.6
      Tian Huiyu         Male     1965.12       Executive Director                      2013.8 – 2022.6          110,000         220,400           465.83                 No
                                                President and Chief Executive Officer   2013.9 – 2022.6
      Zhou Song          Male     1972.4        Non – Executive Director                2018.10 – 2022.6               –               –                –                Yes
      Hong Xiaoyuan      Male     1963.3        Non – Executive Director                2007.6 – 2022.6                –               –                –                Yes
      Zhang Jian         Male     1964.10       Non – Executive Director                2016.11 – 2022.6               –               –                –                Yes
      Su Min             Female   1968.2        Non – Executive Director                2014.9 – 2022.6                –               –                –                Yes
      Wang Daxiong       Male     1960.12       Non – Executive Director                2016.11 – 2022.6               –               –                –                Yes
      Luo Sheng          Male     1970.9        Non – Executive Director                2019.7 – 2022.6                –               –                –                No
      Liu Jianjun        Male     1965.8        Executive Director                      2019.8 – 2022.6           80,000         160,000           339.81                No
                                                Executive Vice President                2013.12 – 2022.6
                                                Secretary of Board of Directors         2019.7 – 2022.6
      Wang Liang         Male     1965.12       Executive Director                      2019.8 – 2022.6           80,000         160,000           339.83                 No
                                                Executive Vice President                2015.1 – 2022.6
                                                Chief Financial Officer                 2019.4 – 2022.6
      Leung Kam Chung,   Male     1952.1        Independent Non – Executive Director    2015.1 – (note 1)              –                –            50.00                No
         Antony
      Zhao Jun           Male     1962.9        Independent Non – Executive Director    2015.1 – (note 1)              –               –            50.00                 No
      Wong See Hong      Male     1953.6        Independent Non – Executive Director    2017.2 – 2022.6                –               –            50.00                 No
      Li Menggang        Male     1967.4        Independent Non – Executive Director    2018.11 – 2022.6               –               –            50.00                 No
      Liu Qiao           Male     1970.5        Independent Non – Executive Director    2018.11 – 2022.6               –               –            50.00                 No
      Tian Hongqi        Male     1957.5        Independent Non – Executive Director    2019.8 – 2022.6                –               –            20.30                 No
      Liu Yuan           Male     1962.1        Chairman of Board of Supervisors,       2014.8 – 2022.6           90,000         180,000           381.81                 No
                                                  Employee Supervisor
      Peng Bihong        Male     1963.10       Shareholder Supervisor                  2019.6 – 2022.6                –               –                –                Yes
      Wen Jianguo        Male     1962.10       Shareholder Supervisor                  2016.6 – 2022.6                –               –                –                Yes
      Wu Heng            Male     1976.8        Shareholder Supervisor                  2016.6 – 2022.6                –               –                –                Yes
      Ding Huiping       Male     1956.6        External Supervisor                     2016.6 – 2022.6                –               –            40.00                No
      Han Zirong         Male     1963.7        External Supervisor                     2016.6 – 2022.6                –               –            40.00                No
      Xu Zhengjun        Male     1955.9        External Supervisor                     2019.6 – 2022.6                –               –            20.00                No
      Wang Wanqing       Male     1964.9        Employee Supervisor                     2018.7 – 2022.6           60,000         121,000           290.58                No
      Liu Xiaoming       Male     1963.11       Employee Supervisor                     2019.6 – 2022.6           50,000         100,000           141.85                No
      Tang Zhihong       Male     1960.3        Executive Vice President                2006.5 – 2022.6           80,000         241,400           339.27                No
110   China Merchants Bank               VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


                                                                                                                                                                                 Whether
                                                                                                                                                             Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                                 pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                                         remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                                          received from          from the
                                                                                                                         Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                                at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                                            beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                                of the         end of             period      during the
                                      Date of Birth                                                                            period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
            Name             Gender   (Y/M)         Title                                             Term of office           (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
            Xiong Liangjun   Male     1963.2        Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee       2014.7 – present         80,000         160,000           339.81                No
            Wang Jianzhong   Male     1962.10       Executive Vice President                          2019.4 – 2022.6          80,000         162,100           339.81                No
            Shi Shunhua      Male     1962.12       Executive Vice President                          2019.4 – 2022.6          85,000         165,000           339.27                No
            Wang Yungui      Male     1963.6        Executive Vice President                          2019.6 – 2022.6               –         160,000           248.38                No
            Li Delin         Male     1974.12       Executive Assistant President                     2019.4 – present         60,000         130,000           223.09                No
            Liu Hui          Female   1970.5        Executive Assistant President                     2019.4 – present         55,000         134,100           223.41                No
            Sun Yueying      Female   1958.6        Former Non – Executive Director                   2001.4 – 2019.6               –               –                –                Yes
            Li Hao           Male     1959.3        Former Executive Director, First Executive Vice   2007.6 – 2019.4         100,000         200,000           141.20                No
                                                      President and Chief Financial Officer
            Pan Chengwei     Male     1946.2        Former Independent Non – Executive Director       2012.7 – 2019.8               –               –             29.70               No
            Fu Junyuan       Male     1961.5        Former Shareholder Supervisor                     2015.9 – 2019.2               –               –                 –               Yes
            Jin Qingjun      Male     1957.8        Former External Supervisor                        2014.10 – 2019.6         65,800          65,800             20.00               No
            Huang Dan        Female   1966.6        Former Employee Supervisor                        2015.3 – 2019.6          45,000          90,000             73.62               No
            Zhu Qi           Male     1960.7        Former Executive Vice President                   2008.12 – 2019.2              –               –                 –               No
            Zhao Ju          Male     1964.11       Former Executive Vice President                   2015.2 – 2019.2               –               –                 –               No

            Notes:

            (1)      Pursuant to the relevant requirements of the “Guiding Opinions on Establishing the Independent Director System in Listed Companies” ( 《關
                      於在上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意見》 ), the term of office of independent directors shall not exceed six years. Therefore, the terms
                      of office of Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun, both being Independent Directors, will expire earlier than conclusion of the
                      Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors.

            (2)      As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A shares in the Company.

            (3)      Mr. Zhu Qi received his remunerations from CMB Wing Lung Bank, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhao Ju received his remunerations from
                     CMB International Capital Corporation Limited, a subsidiary of the Company.

            (4)      The remunerations received from the Company by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were appointed or resigned during
                      the reporting period are calculated on the length of their service in the Company during the reporting period.

            (5)      The aggregate pre-tax remunerations of the full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management of
                      the Company are still being verified, and the information about the pre-tax remunerations of other staff will be disclosed separately upon
                      confirmation of payment.

            (6)      The total remunerations before tax of Mr. Wang Jianzhong and Mr. Shi Shunhua included the remunerations during the period of being
                      members of the CPC Committee of the Company from January to April 2019; the total remuneration before tax of Mr. Wang Yungui included
                      the remuneration during the period of being a member of the CPC Committee of the Company from April to June 2019.

            (7)      There was a change in the shareholdings of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management listed in the above table during the reporting
                      period, which was due to an increase in their respective shareholdings.

            (8)      None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s) over the
                      past three years.

            (9)      None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management listed in the above table holds any share options of the Company or has been
                      granted any of its restricted shares.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure              111
Annual Report 2019



6.2 Appointment and Resignation of Directors, Supervisors and
    Senior Management
      Directors
      In April 2019, Mr. Li Hao resigned as the Executive Director of the Company due to age reason.
      In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Luo
      Sheng was elected as Non-Executive Director of the Company, and his qualification for serving as a director was
      approved by the CBIRC in July 2019; Mr. Sun Yunfei was newly elected as Non-Executive Director of the Company,
      and his qualification for serving as a director is subject to the approval of the CBIRC; Mr. Liu Jianjun and Mr. Wang
      Liang were newly elected as Executive Directors of the Company, and their qualifications for serving as directors
      were approved by the CBIRC in August 2019; Mr. Tian Hongqi was newly elected as Independent Non-Executive
      Director of the Company, and his qualification for serving as a director was approved by the CBIRC in August 2019.
      At the same time, Mr. Pan Chengwei ceased to be an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company due to
      the expiration of his term of office.
      In June 2019, Ms. Sun Yueying ceased to be a Non-Executive Director of the Company upon conclusion of the 2018
      Annual General Meeting due to expiration of her term of office.
      In June 2019, Mr. Sun Yunfei was newly elected as the Vice Chairman at the first meeting of the Eleventh Session
      of the Board of Directors of the Company, and his qualification for serving as a Vice Chairman is subject to the
      approval of the CBIRC.



      Supervisors
      In February 2019, Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to work arrangement.
      In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Peng
      Bihong was newly elected as a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company, and Mr. Xu Zhengjun was newly elected as
      an External Supervisor of the Company. Their terms of office shall commence from 27 June 2019.
      In June 2019, Mr Jin Qingjun ceased to be an External Supervisor of the Company upon conclusion of the 2018
      Annual General Meeting due to expiration of his term of office.
      In June 2019, according to the resolutions passed at the Worker’s Congress of the Company, Mr. Liu Xiaoming was
      newly elected as an Employee Supervisor of the Company, and his term of office shall commence from 27 June
      2019.
      In June 2019, Ms. Huang Dan ceased to be an Employee Supervisor of the Company upon conclusion of the 2018
      Annual General Meeting due to expiration of her term of office.
112   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


            Senior management
            In February 2019, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 37th meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board
            of Directors of the Company, Mr. Zhu Qi and Mr. Zhao Ju resigned as the Executive Vice Presidents of the Company
            due to other business commitments, and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Wang Jianzhong
            and Mr. Shi Shunhua as the Executive Vice Presidents of the Company. In April 2019, the qualifications of Mr. Wang
            Jianzhong and Mr. Shi Shunhua as the Executive Vice Presidents were approved by the CBIRC.
            In April 2019, the qualifications of Mr. Li Delin and Ms. Liu Hui as the Executive Assistant President were approved
            by the CBIRC.
            In April 2019, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 41st meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of
            Directors of the Company, Mr. Li Hao ceased to act as the First Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
            of the Company due to his age, and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Wang Yungui as the
            Executive Vice President of the Company. In June 2019, the qualification of Mr. Wang Yungui for serving as an
            Executive Vice President was approved by the CBIRC.
            In April 2019, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 42nd meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of
            Directors of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Wang Liang as the Chief Financial
            Officer of the Company. Due to changes in the assignment of responsibilities in the Bank, Mr. Wang Liang ceased to
            concurrently serve as the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company.
            In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
            of Directors of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Liu Jianjun as the Secretary of
            the Board of Directors. Mr. Liu Jianjun obtained the qualification certificate of board secretary training and officially
            served as the Secretary of the Board of Directors in July 2019.
            For details of the above-mentioned matters, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company
            on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.



      6.3 Changes in Information of Directors and Supervisors
            1.     Mr. Fu Gangfeng serves as the director and general manager of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited
                   and ceased to serve as the director and general manager of China Merchants Group Ltd. and the Chairman
                   of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd..
            2.     Mr. Zhou Song ceased to serve as the Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd..
            3.     Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd. and the director
                   of CNIC Corporation Limited and ceased to concurrently serve as the Chairman of CMB Qianhai Financial
                   Asset Exchange Co., Ltd..
            4.     Mr. Zhang Jian concurrently serves as a director of China Great Bay Area Fund Management Co., Limited, a
                   director of China Merchants Capital Holdings (International) Limited, a director of China Merchants United
                   Development Company Limited, the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Management Co. Ltd. and
                   the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Holdings Co. Ltd., and ceased to concurrently serve as the
                   director of CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd..
            5.     Mr. Wang Daxiong ceased to concurrently serve as the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co.,
                   Ltd..
            6.     Mr. Wong See Hong ceased to concurrently serve as an independent director of Tahoe Life Insurance
                   Company Limited.
            7.     Mr. Li Menggang concurrently serves as the director of the Human Capital Research Institute of the China
                   Human Resource Development Association and ceased to serve as the special economic analyst of Xinhua
                   News Agency.
            8.     Mr. Liu Yuan ceased to serve as a member of the Council of Shenzhen Finance Institute of The Chinese
                   University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen).
            9.     Mr. Peng Bihong serves as the chief accountant of China Communications Construction Group (Limited) and
                   the Chairman of CCCG Real Estate Group Limited and ceased to concurrently serve as a standing committee
                   member of the party committee and Chief Financial Officer of China Communications Construction Company
                   Limited and the Chairman of CCCC Finance Company Limited.
            10.    Mr. Wu Heng serves as the general manager of the Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation
                   Limited.
China Merchants Bank             VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                113
Annual Report 2019



6.4 Current Positions Held by Directors and Supervisors in the
    Shareholders’ Companies
      Name             Name of Company                                    Major Title                                                 Term of Office
      Li Jianhong      China Merchants Group Ltd.                         Chairman                                                    From July 2014 up to now
      Fu Gangfeng      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited           Director and General Manager                                From September 2019 up to now
      Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.                         Chief Accountant                                            From October 2018 up to now
      Hong Xiaoyuan    China Merchants Group Ltd.                         Assistant General Manager                                   From September 2011 up to now
                                                                          Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the      From June 2018 up to now
                                                                          China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
      Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.                         Chief Digital Officer                                       From January 2019 up to now
                                                                          Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of   From June 2018 up to now
                                                                          the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
      Su Min           China Merchants Group Ltd.                         Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of   From June 2018 up to now
                                                                          the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
      Wang Daxiong     COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.               Chairman                                                    From July 2019 up to now
      Luo Sheng        Dedicated risk disposal team of CBIRC despatched to Deputy Head                                                From February 2020 up to now
                       Anbang Group
      Peng Bihong      China Communications Construction Group Co., Ltd. Chief Accountant                                             From September 2019 up to now
      Wen Jianguo      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                         Director and Chief Accountant                               From July 2009 up to now
      Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                     General Manager of Finance Affairs Department               From August 2019 up to now




6.5 Biography and Positions of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
    Management
      Directors
      Mr. Li Jianhong is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a master’s degree in
      Business Administration from East London University, England and a master’s degree in Economy and Management
      from Jilin University and is a senior economist. He is the Chairman of China Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently
      serves as the Chairman of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He was the Vice President of China
      Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, and the Director and President of China Merchants Group Ltd.. He also
      concurrently served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited
      (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China International Marine Containers (Group)
      Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China
      Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Energy Shipping Company Limited (a
      company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of China Merchants Huajian Highway Investment
      Company Limited.
      Mr. Fu Gangfeng is the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Fu obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Finance and a master’s degree in Management Engineering from Xi’an Highway College and is a senior
      accountant. He is the Director and General Manager of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He concurrently
      serves as the Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company
      Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China
      Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He was the Deputy Director of the Shekou ZhongHua Certified Public
      Accountants, the Director of the Chief Accountant Office and Deputy Chief Accountant of China Merchants Shekou
      Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd., the Chief
      Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance Division
      of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd.,
      the Director and General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., and the Chairman of China Merchants Port
      Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange).
114   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


            Mr. Tian Huiyu is an Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained
            a bachelor’s degree in Infrastructure Finance and Credit from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and
            a master’s degree in Public Administration from Columbia University. He is a senior economist. He is concurrently
            the Chairman of CMBIC, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited, the Vice Chairman of
            Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited, the Chairman of Board of Supervisors of National Association
            of Financial Market Institutional Investors. He was the Vice President of Trust Investment Branch of China Cinda
            Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 1998 to July 2003, and the Vice President of Bank of Shanghai from July
            2003 to December 2006. He consecutively served as the Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Branch, the head of
            Shenzhen Branch, and the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch of China Construction Bank (“CCB”, a company
            listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) from December 2006 to March 2011. He acted
            as the Business Executive of retail banking at the Head Office and the Head and General Manager of Beijing Branch
            of CCB from March 2011 to May 2013. He joined the Company in May 2013 and has served as the President of the
            Company since September 2013.
            Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhou obtained a master’s degree of World
            Economics in Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman
            of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司), the
            Chairman of China Merchants Finance Co., Ltd. (招商局集團財務有限公司) and the Chairman of the Board of
            Supervisors of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
            Exchange). He was the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office of
            China Merchants Bank, the Vice General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of
            work) and General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor
            of China Merchants Bank, the Business Director and General Manager of the Assets and Liabilities Management
            Department of the Head Office, the President of Interbank Financial Department, the General Manager of the
            Assets Management Department of the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of
            Investment Banking and Financial Market Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department
            of the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office.
            Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Hong obtained a master’s degree in
            Economics from Peking University and a master’s degree in Science from Australian National University. He is a senior
            economist. He serves as the Director of China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited and the Assistant
            General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China
            Merchants Financial Group/Platform and the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited. He
            concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., China Merchants
            Capital Investments Co., Ltd., China Merchants United Development Company Limited and China Merchants
            Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., and the Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co.,
            Ltd. and CNIC Corporation Limited. He served as the Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company
            then listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China
            Direct Investments Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chief Executive Officer of China
            Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited and the Chairman of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange
            Co., Ltd..
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure              115
Annual Report 2019


      Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
      and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
      from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
      Merchants Group Ltd., General Manager of Finance Department, the Director of the Digital Centre, the Deputy
      Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and a Director of
      China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants
      Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招 商 局 金 融 科 技 有 限 公 司), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China
      Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd.,
      the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Management Co. Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants
      Capital Holdings Co. Ltd., a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., a Director of
      China Great Bay Area Fund Management Co., Limited, a Director of China Merchants Capital Holdings (International)
      Limited, a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資 （國際） 有限
      公司), a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment General Partnership (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新
      投資普通合夥 （國際） 有限公司), a Director of China Merchants United Development Company Limited, a Director
      of Shi Jin Shi Credit Service Co., Ltd. (試金石信用服務有限公司) and a Director of Siyuanhe Equity Investment
      Management Co., Ltd. (四源合股權投資管理有限公司). He had held various positions including General Manager of
      the Suzhou Branch of China Merchants Bank, Deputy General Manager of the Corporate Banking Department at the
      Head Office of China Merchants Bank (in charge), Business Director and General Manager of the Corporate Banking
      Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, Business Director and General Manager of the Credit Risk
      Management Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank and Business Director and General Manager
      of the Comprehensive Risk Management Office at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, a Director of China
      Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited, a Director of China Merchants Insurance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商
      局保險控股有限公司), a Director of China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager
      of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. and a Director of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange
      Co., Ltd..
      Ms. Su Min is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
      Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Business Administration from China
      University of Technology, and is a senior accountant, certified public accountant and certified public valuer. She is
      the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform. She
      concurrently serves as a Director of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited, a Director of China Merchants Securities
      Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). She successively served
      as the Deputy Director of Property Office of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
      Anhui Province, a Director of Huishang Bank, the Deputy General Manager and Chief Accountant of Anhui Energy
      Group Co., Ltd., the Chief Accountant and a member of the Communist Party of China of China Shipping (Group)
      Company, the Chairman of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd., the Chairman of COSCO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (中
      海融資租賃公司), a Director of Bank of Kunlun, and a Director of China Shipping Development Co., Ltd.(a company
      listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and China Shipping Container Lines Company
      Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). She served as a Director of
      China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資管理有限責任公司), a Supervisor of
      China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd. and the General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co.,
      Limited.
      Mr. Wang Daxiong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in
      Shipping Finance and Accounting from the Department of Marine Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime
      University and a master’s degree in Business Administration for Senior Management from Shanghai University of
      Finance and Economics, and is a senior accountant. He is the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of COSCO
      Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.. He concurrently serves as a Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
      (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as a Director of China
      Merchants Bank from March 1998 to March 2014. He also served as the Vice President and Chief Accountant of
      China Shipping (Group) Company, Deputy General Manager of China Shipping (Group) Company and the Chairman
      of China Shipping (HK) Holdings Limited.
116   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


            Mr. Luo Sheng is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Luo obtained a doctoral degree in corporate
            governance from the Business School of Nankai University. Mr. Luo is currently the deputy head of the dedicated
            risk disposal team despatched to Anbang Group and a director of Gemdale Corporation (a company listed on
            Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Luo was the principal staff member of the Regulation Division of the Policy and
            Regulation Department, the principal staff member of the Market Analysis Division of the Development and Reform
            Department, the deputy director and director of the Corporate Governance Division of the Development and Reform
            Department, and the deputy director of the Regulation Department of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
            He also served as an executive director, the executive vice president, the secretary of the board of directors, and
            general manager of Shanghai Branch of China Insurance Information Technology Management Co., Ltd., and the
            deputy director of Development and Reform Department of China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
            Mr. Liu Jianjun is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of
            the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in National Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and
            Economics, and is a senior economist. He has successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Jinan Branch
            of the Company, the General Manager of the Retail Banking Department under the Head Office, an Executive Vice
            President of the Retail Banking Department under the Head Office and the Business Executive of the Head Office
            since September 2000. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since December 2013, the Secretary
            of the Board of Directors of the Company since July 2019 and an Executive Director of the Company since August
            2019.
            Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr.
            Wang obtained a master’s degree in Money and Banking from Renmin University of China, and is a senior economist.
            He successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of
            Beijing Branch of the Company. He served as the Executive Assistant President of the Company and concurrently, the
            General Manager of Beijing Branch since June 2012. He ceased to serve as the General Manager of Beijing Branch
            in November 2013, and has been serving as an Executive Vice President of the Company since January 2015. He
            concurrently served as the secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company from November 2016 to April 2019,
            and has concurrently been serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Company since April 2019. He concurrently
            serves as Vice President of Payment & Clearing Association of China and a member of the High-level Steering and
            Coordination Committee for Data Governance of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission.
            Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Leung obtained a
            bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong. He also attended Harvard Business School’s
            Program for Management Development and Advanced Management Program. He is the Chairman and Chief
            Executive Officer of Nan Fung Group, the Chairman and co-founder of New Frontier, and the Chairman of two
            charitable organisations, Heifer – Hong Kong and “Food Angel”. Mr. Leung served as a member of the Executive
            Committee, the Senior Managing Director and the Chairman of Greater China Region of Blackstone. He also
            acted as the Chairman of Asia for JP Morgan Chase and worked for Citi in various positions, including the country
            corporate officer for Hong Kong SAR and China, the Regional Treasurer for North Asia, head of Investment Banking
            for North Asia, South West Asia and head of Private Banking for Asia. Past board membership of Mr. Leung included
            an Independent Director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited and American International
            Assurance, the Vice Chairman of China National Bluestar Group, a member of the international advisory board of
            China Development Bank and European Advisory Group. In terms of government services, Mr. Leung had served
            as financial secretary, non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong SAR, Chairman of the Education
            Commission, Chairman of the University Grants Committee, member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee,
            member of the Preparatory Committee for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and Election Committee
            and Hong Kong Affairs Advisors to the Chinese Government, a member of the Board of Hong Kong Airport
            Authority and a Director of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange.
            Mr. Zhao Jun is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s degree
            from the Department of Shipbuilding Engineering of Harbin Engineering University, a master’s degree from the
            Department of Ocean Engineering of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, a doctorate degree in Civil Engineering
            from the University of Houston, a master’s degree in Financial Management from the School of Management of
            Yale University. Mr. Zhao is currently the Chairman of Beijing Fellow Partners Investment Management Ltd.. He
            concurrently serves as the Independent Non-Executive Director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (a
            company listed on New York Stock Exchange) and the Independent Non-Executive Director of Sichuan Xunyou
            Network Technology Co., Ltd. (四川迅遊網絡科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
            He was a Managing Partner of DT Capital Partners, the Managing Director and the Chief Representative in China of
            ChinaVest.
China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure               117
Annual Report 2019


      Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
      Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctoral degree in Transformational
      Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
      Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司) and EC World Asset Management Private Limited. He
      previously served as the Deputy Chief Executive of BOCHK, head, Managing Director and President for the Southeast
      Asia region, and the head of the Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管) of ABN AMRO
      Bank, a Director of Bank of China Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC Group
      Trustee Company Limited, the Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK Asset
      Management Limited, a member of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s Office
      Singapore (新加坡總理辦公室公務員學院), a member of the Client Consulting Commission (客戶諮詢委員會) of
      Thomson Reuters and a member of the Financial Management Commission of the Hong Kong Administration Society
      (香港管理學會財務管理委員會).
      Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a Ph.D. in Economics
      and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical Economics from
      Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing Jiaotong University,
      the Joint Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the Director of
      Beijing Laboratory of National Economic Security Pre-Warning Project, the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects of
      the National Social Science Fund, the Project Review Expert of the National Social Science Fund and the Chairman
      of the Professional Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of
      Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). He concurrently serves as the Vice President and the Deputy Director
      of the Expert Committee of China Human Resource Development Association, the Director of the Human Capital
      Institute, the Deputy Director of the Independent Board Committee of China Association for Public Companies, an
      Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Hunan Copote
      Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent
      Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group) Joint-stock Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and
      an Independent Non-Executive Director of Yuxing InfoTech Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor of science
      degree in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the
      Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles in
      the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has been serving
      as the Dean at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance and Economics
      and doctoral supervisor. He is also a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation of Industry and
      Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Center of Chinese Kuomintang Revolutionary Committee
      and the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the
      Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the China Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc.,
      the Vice Chairman of the China Enterprise Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), an
      Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange),
      an Independent Non-Executive Director of Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as ZH International Holdings
      Limited, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd.
      (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Liu served as an assistant professor at School of Economics and
      Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the Asia-Pacific Corporate Finance & Strategy Practice of
      McKinsey & Company and an assistant professor and associate professor (with tenure) at the Faculty of Business and
      Economics of the University of Hong Kong.
      Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
      in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime University,
      and is a senior accountant. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer of
      COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance Department of COSCO Container Lines Co.,
      Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial Department of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial Officer
      of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股 （新加坡） 有限公司), the General Manager of the Finance
      Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation Headquarters (中遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and the
      Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
118   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


            Supervisors
            Mr. Liu Yuan is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and an Employee Supervisor. Mr. Liu
            obtained a bachelor’s degree in Global Economy from Renmin University of China, and is a senior economist. He
            served as the deputy section officer and section officer of the Management Office of foreign affairs bureau (外事
            局管理處) of the People’s Bank of China from August 1984 to October 1991. He was the Secretary (deputy division
            head level) of the Management Office and Deputy Chief of the Monetary Office of Foreign Exchange Affairs
            Division (外匯業務司金管處) of State Administration of Foreign Exchange from October 1991 to February 1994. He
            consecutively served as the Secretary (division head level) of the General Office (辦公廳正處級秘書), researcher of the
            regulatory office I of the banking division (銀行司監管一處調研員), head of the regulatory office III of the banking
            regulatory division II (銀行監管二司監管三處處長) and head of the regulatory office VII of the banking regulatory
            division II (銀行監管二司監管七處處長) of the People’s Bank of China from February 1994 to July 2003. He served
            as the deputy head of the Banking Supervision Department II (銀行監管二部副主任) of the CBRC, director of CBRC
            Shanxi Bureau, director of CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, head of the Banking-related Case Audit Bureau (銀行業案件稽
            查局局長) of the CBRC and head of the Banking-related Consumer Protection Bureau (銀行業消費者權益保護局) of
            the CBRC from July 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company since
            August 2014. He is concurrently a visiting professor of Renmin University of China, the chairman of the professional
            committee under the supervisory committee of China Association for Public Companies and a member of Shenzhen
            Finance Development Decision-making Consultation Committee (深圳市金融發展決策諮詢委員會).
            Mr. Peng Bihong is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Peng graduated from Hunan College of Finance
            and Economics (湖南財經學院) majoring in Finance and obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Wuhan
            University. Mr. Peng is a certified public accountant. He currently serves as a standing committee member of the
            Party Committee and chief accountant of China Communications Construction Group (Limited), the chairman of
            CCCG Real Estate Group Limited and vice chairman of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. He has worked for China
            Poly Group Corporation Limited (“Poly Group”) for nearly 20 years, serving successively as the director of the finance
            department of China Poly Group Corporation, the general manager of Poly Finance Company Limited, the chief
            financial officer of Poly Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. and a standing committee member of the Party Committee and
            the chief accountant of Poly Group, as well as the chairman of Poly Finance Company Limited and Poly Investment
            Holdings Co., Ltd. respectively. He served as the chief financial officer of China Communications Construction
            Company Limited from September 2018 to September 2019.
            Mr. Wen Jianguo is a Shareholder Supervisor, a university graduate and an accountant. Mr. Wen is a Director, a
            standing committee member of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河北港口
            集團有限公司) and concurrently the Chairman of Hebei Port Group Finance Company Limited and a Director of Caida
            Securities Co., Ltd. and Bank of Hebei Co., Ltd.. He once served as a deputy head and head of Finance Department
            of Qinhuangdao Port Bureau (秦皇島港務局) as well as head of Finance Department of Qinhuangdao Port Group
            Co., Ltd.. He served as a Director and Chief Accountant of Qinhuangdao Port Group Co., Ltd. from July 2007 to July
            2009. He served as a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company from June 2010 to May 2013.
            Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
            of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a
            senior accountant. He is the General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited,
            the General Manager of SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd. and a Non-executive Director of Bank
            of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as a Deputy
            Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of
            Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company, Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as a
            Division Head, Assistant to Executive Controller and the Manager of Accounting Division of Finance Department of
            SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March 2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu Automotive
            Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015, and concurrently
            serving as the Director and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華域汽車系統 （上
            海） 有限公司) during the period from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General Manager of the Finance
            Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure             119
Annual Report 2019


      Mr. Ding Huiping is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Ding obtained a doctorate degree in Enterprise
      Economics from Universitet I Linkoeping in Sweden. He is currently a professor and a tutor of doctorate
      candidates in the School of Economics and Management of Beijing Jiaotong University, the head of PRC Enterprise
      Competitiveness Research Center, and Honorary Professor in the Business School of Duquesne University. He is
      concurrently an Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed on
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), Metro Land Corporation Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange), Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange)
      and China Haisum Engineering Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively served
      as an Independent Director of Shandong Luneng Taishan Cable Company Limited (a company listed on Shenzhen
      Stock Exchange), Road & Bridge International Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), China
      International Marine Containers (Group) Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock
      Exchange) and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai
      Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director of the Company from May 2003 to May 2006.
      Mr. Han Zirong is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree in Business
      Economics from Jilin Finance and Trade College, and is an economist and certified public accountant. He is currently
      a partner of Shu Lun Pan Hong Kong CPA Limited, and he is concurrently an External Supervisor of Bank of Chengdu
      Corporation Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Bank of
      Hainan. He served as a credit administrator of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Changchun Branch from
      August 1985 to October 1992. He served as an Assistant Director in the Audit Firm under Audit Bureau of Shenzhen
      Municipality from October 1992 to September 1997. He served as a managing partner of Shenzhen Finance
      Accounting Firm (深圳市融信會計師事務所) from October 1997 to October 2008. He served as a senior partner of
      Daxin Certified Public Accountants from October 2008 to October 2012.
      Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in the Maritime
      Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently an
      Independent Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He previously served as the Section Chief
      and the Department Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and
      land property company of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container
      Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary
      Committee of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings
      Ltd., the Vice Chairman of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange),
      the Vice President and General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart
      International Limited, the General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the
      Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of
      Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
      Mr. Wang Wanqing is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
      Language & Literature from Anhui University. Mr. Wang currently serves as the Business Director of the Head Office
      and the General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. He is concurrently the executive member of
      the China Institute of Internal Audit. Mr. Wang started his career in Anhui University in July 1986. He worked in
      the General Office in Anhui Province from November 1991 to February 2001. He consecutively served as the Head,
      Assistant President and Vice President of the Hefei Branch of the Company from February 2001 to April 2007. He
      served as the General Manager of the Human Resources Department at the Head Office of the Company and the
      Deputy Director of the Labour Union from April 2007 to August 2012. He served as the Business Director of the
      Head Office, the General Manager of the Human Resources Department and the Deputy Director of the Labour
      Union of the Company from September 2012 to March 2014. He has been an Employee Supervisor of the Company
      since July 2018.
120   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


            Mr. Liu Xiaoming, is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a Ph.D. in Applied Economics from
            Xi’an Jiaotong University, and is a senior economist. He currently serves as the Director of the Labor Union of the
            Head Office of the Company. He started his career in Shaanxi University of Finance and Economics in July 1987.
            He served as the deputy head and head of the business office II of Shaanxi Office of China Rural Development
            Trust and Investment Corporation (中國農村發展信托投資公司) from March 1994 to February 1997. He joined the
            Bank in February 1997, and consecutively served as Manager of the Credit Department and General Manager of
            the Risk Control Department of Xi’an Branch, Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Urumqi
            Branch, Deputy General Manager of the Risk Management Department, Deputy General Manager of the Credit
            Management Department, General Manager of the Credit Approval Department and General Manager of the Credit
            Risk Management Department of the Head Office, and the General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch. He served as
            Executive Vice President of China Merchants Bank University, Director of the Training Center of the Head Office
            from December 2016 to June 2019, during which he concurrently served as General Manager of the Strategic
            Development Department of the Head Office.



            Senior management
            Mr. Tian Huiyu, please refer to Mr. Tian Huiyu’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Liu Yuan, please refer to Mr. Liu Yuan’s biography under the heading of “Supervisors” above.
            Mr. Tang Zhihong is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
            Language and Literature from Jilin University, and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in May 1995.
            He successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Shenyang Branch, the deputy head of the Shenzhen
            Administration Unit, the General Manager of Lanzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the
            head of the Shenzhen Administration Unit of the Company, and an Executive Assistant President of the Head Office.
            He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since May 2006. He concurrently serves as a Director of
            the Federation of Shenzhen Commerce (深圳市深商總會).
            Mr. Liu Jianjun, please refer to Mr. Liu Jianjun’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Xiong Liangjun is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company. Mr. Xiong obtained a
            master’s degree in Money and Banking from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics and an EMBA degree
            from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business. He is a senior economist. He successively served as the Deputy
            Director-General of the CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, the Director-General of the CBRC Guangxi Bureau and the CBRC
            Shenzhen Bureau from September 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee
            of the Company since July 2014.
            Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Wang Jianzhong is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Accounting
            from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and is an assistant economist. Mr. Wang joined the Company in
            November 1991 and successively served as the General Manager of Changsha Branch, the Deputy General Manager
            of the Corporate Banking Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Foshan Branch, the General
            Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Business Director of General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the Head Office
            and the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company since October 2002. He has served as an Executive Vice
            President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently a Director of China UnionPay Co., Ltd. and a member
            of Visa Asia Pacific Senior Advisory Council.
            Mr. Shi Shunhua is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained an MBA degree from China Europe
            International Business School and is a senior economist. Mr. Shi joined the Company in November 1996 and
            successively served as the Assistant General Manager and the Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Branch,
            the General Manager of Suzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the Business Director of
            the General Office of Corporate Finance Group under the Head Office of the Company since May 2003. He has
            served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently the General Manager of
            Shanghai Branch of the Company and the Chairman of CMBFL and also serves as a member of the 13th Session of
            the Shanghai People’s Political Consultative Committee.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure           121
Annual Report 2019


      Mr. Wang Yungui is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree from the
      Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and a MBA degree (International Courses)
      from Fudan University and The University of Hong Kong, and is a senior economist. He successively served as the
      General Manager of the Department of Education and the General Manager of the Human Resources Department
      of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China from July 2008 to December 2016, and served as the Secretary of
      the Disciplinary Committee of China Development Bank from December 2016 to March 2019. He has served as an
      Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2019.
      Mr. Li Delin is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree in Finance from
      Wuhan University, and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in October 2013 and successively served as
      the Director of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customer Department, the General Manager
      of the Strategic Customer Department and the General Manager of the Institutional Customer Department, and the
      General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the General Manager of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of the
      Company. He has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since April 2019 and is concurrently the
      Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Shenzhen Public Companies Association.
      Ms. Liu Hui is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. Ms. Liu obtained a MBA degree in Finance from
      Tsinghua University and The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and is a senior economist. She joined the Company
      in April 1995 and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of
      the Head Office, the General Manager of the Market Risk Management Department, the General Manager of the
      Asset and Liability Management Department and the General Manager of the Investment Management Department,
      and the President of the Investment Banking and Financial Market Department and the General Manager of the
      Asset Management Department. She has been serving as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since
      April 2019. She is concurrently the General Manager of the Asset Management Department of the Head Office
      of the Company, the Chairman of China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd., the Chairman of CMB Wealth
      Management Company Limited and a Director of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association.



      Joint company secretaries
      Mr. Liu Jianjun, please refer to Mr. Liu Jianjun’s biography under the heading of “Biography of Directors” above.
      Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained a MBA degree from the
      Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow
      of both The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) and The Chartered Governance Institute (CGI)
      (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA)) in the United Kingdom and is a council
      member of HKICS, the Vice Chairlady of the Education Committee of HKICS and is a holder of the Practitioner’s
      Endorsement issued by HKICS. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
      and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed
      companies. Ms. Ho has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and
      is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.



6.6 Evaluation and Incentive System for Directors, Supervisors and
    Senior Management
      The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and external Supervisors according to the “Resolution
      in Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment
      to Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting;
      offers remuneration to Executive Directors and other senior executives according to the “Policies on Remunerations
      of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”; and offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors in
      accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company. All of the Directors and Supervisors
      nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the Company.
122   China Merchants Bank             VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019


             The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management through the “Policies
             on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment Standards
             of the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to the “Policies on
             Evaluation of Performance of Directors by the Board of Supervisors” and the “Policies on Evaluation of Performance
             of Supervisors by the Board of Supervisors”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of
             the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course, conducting duty
             performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their annual duty performance records (including but not limited
             to, attendance of meetings, participation of researches, provision of recommendations and the term of office in
             the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation Questionnaire” completed by each Director and Supervisor
             and work summaries, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general meeting and regulatory authorities.
             According to the “Policies on Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management by the Board of Supervisors
             (Trial)”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of senior management through monitoring
             their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their duty performance information (including
             but not limited to, major speeches, major meeting minutes and the evaluation of the duty performance of senior
             management by the Board of Directors) and work reports, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general
             meeting and regulatory authorities.



      6.7 Information About Employees
             As of 31 December 2019, the Group had 84,683 employees17 (including dispatched employees). The classification of
             our employees by profession is: 17,876 employees in corporate finance, 36,052 employees in retail finance, 4,280
             employees in risk management, 14,679 employees in operation management, 3,253 employees in research and
             development, 900 employees in administrative and logistical support, and 7,643 employees in general management.
             The classification of our employees by educational background is: 18,056 employees with master’s degree and
             above, 56,928 employees with bachelor’s degree and 9,699 employees with junior college degree or below.



             Staff remuneration policy
             The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its operation targets, cultural and value concepts. It aims to
             refine and improve its incentive and restrictive mechanisms, realise its corporate goals, enhance its organisational
             performance and minimise its operating risk. The remuneration policy adheres to the remuneration management
             principles featuring “strategic orientation, performance enhancement, risk control, internal fairness and market
             adaptation” and reflects the remuneration concept of “fixing remuneration based on positions and workload”.



             Staff education and training program
             The Company has formulated a tiered staff training program, with the trainees covering all its staff. The contents of
             training focus mainly on knowledge of its business and products, professional ethics and security, management skills
             and leadership. During the reporting period, the Company fully completed all its training and education programs.




      17
           Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management, China
           Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants Union Consumer. There were 82,241 employees at the end of 2018 calculated on the same
           statistical calibre. Among them, the statistical calibre of employees of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance has been adjusted.
China Merchants Bank                 VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                             123
Annual Report 2019



6.8 Branches and Representative Offices
                                                                                                                                                        Volume of
                                                                                                                                                             assets
                                                                                                                                      No. of   No. of   (in millions
      Regions                  Name of branches             Business address                                          Postal code   branches    staff      of RMB)
      Head Office              Head Office                  7088 Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen                              518040          1    4,884     2,728,674
                               Credit Card Center           686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai                201201          1    6,360       648,768

      Yangtze River Delta      Shanghai Branch              1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai        200120         92    4,985       250,032
                               Shanghai Pilot Free Trade    6 Jilong Road, Waigaoqiao Bonded Area, Pudong New             200131          1       15        23,769
                                  Zone Branch                   District, Shanghai
                               Nanjing Branch               199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing                     210005         80    2,982       174,771
                               Hangzhou Branch              23 Hangda Road, Hangzhou                                      310007         72    2,762       175,339
                               Ningbo Branch                342 Min’an East Road, Ningbo                                  315042         32    1,204        73,237
                               Suzhou Branch                36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park, Suzhou                   215028         29    1,352       112,634
                               Wuxi Branch                  6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu District, Wuxi       214001         18      776        42,819
                               Wenzhou Branch               Block 2, 4, 5, Hongshengjin Garden, Wuqiao Avenue,            325000         13      540        32,773
                                                                Lucheng District, Wenzhou
                               Nantong Branch               111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                                    226007         14      570        26,853

      Bohai Rim                Beijing Representative Office 26/F, Building 3, No.1 Yuetan South Street, Xicheng          100045          1        9              –
                                                                District, Beijing
                               Beijing Branch                156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District, Beijing           100031         95    5,029       336,286
                               Qingdao Branch                65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao                    266103         49    1,573        49,226
                               Tianjin Branch                255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road, Hexi District,        300201         44    1,741        76,337
                                                                Tianjin
                               Jinan Branch                  7 Gongqingtuan Road, Jinan                                   250012         59    1,867        77,400
                               Yantai Branch                 66 Zhujiang Road, Economic & Technological                   264006         17      558        16,583
                                                                Development Area, Yantai
                               Shijiazhuang Branch           172 Zhonghua Street South, Shijiazhuang                      050000         14      452        21,081
                               Tangshan Branch               45 Beixin Road West, Lubei District, Tangshan                063000          9      233         5,431

      Pearl River Delta and   Guangzhou Branch             5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou                     510623         78    2,740       160,759
        West Side of           Shenzhen Branch              2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen             518001        113    5,208       404,361
        Taiwan Strait          Fuzhou Branch                316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard Road, Fuzhou                      350014         34    1,206        60,098
                               Xiamen Branch                18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District, Xiamen                  361012         31    1,025        52,877
                               Quanzhou Branch              180 Jiangbin North Road, Fengze Street, Quanzhou              362800         17      502        20,717
                               Dongguan Branch              200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District, Dongguan                  523000         28      908        44,513
                               Foshan Branch                12 Denghu Road East, Guicheng Street, Nanhai District,        528200         28    1,016        53,892
                                                               Foshan

      North-eastern China      Shenyang Branch              12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang                   110003         62    1,670        45,806
                               Dalian Branch                17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian                    116001         37    1,248        35,996
                               Harbin Branch                3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin                    150010         38    1,100        43,483
                               Changchun Branch             9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun               130022         27      701        24,787

      Central China            Wuhan Branch                 518 Jianshe Avenue, Wuhan                                     430022        114    2,737       150,671
                               Nanchang Branch              468 Dieshan Road, Donghu District, Nanchang                   330008         58    1,510        84,811
                               Changsha Branch              766 Wuyi Avenue, Changsha                                     410005         42    1,492        51,990
                               Hefei Branch                 169 Funan Road, Hefei                                         230001         43    1,372        54,343
                               Zhengzhou Branch             96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                                450018         47    1,322        72,852
                               Taiyuan Branch               265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan           030012         28      877        31,202
                               Haikou Branch                Building C, Haian Yihao, 1 Shimao Road North, Haikou          570125          9      343        11,212
124   China Merchants Bank               VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2019



                                                                                                                                                              Volume of
                                                                                                                                                                  assets
                                                                                                                                         No. of    No. of    (in millions
             Regions               Name of branches               Business address                                      Postal code    branches      staff      of RMB)
             Western China         Chengdu Branch                 No. 1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road South, Wuhou        610000          55      1,673        65,658
                                                                     District, Chengdu
                                   Lanzhou Branch                 9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou              730030          29        941        32,194
                                   Xi’an Branch                   1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Xi’an                                 710075          66      1,909        80,294
                                   Chongqing Branch               88 Xingguang Road, New North District, Chongqing          401121          49      1,656        84,739
                                   Urumchi Branch                 2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                                   830006          16        792        25,286
                                   Kunming Branch                 1 Chongren Street Wuhua District, Kunming                 650021          49      1,292        56,069
                                   Hohhot Branch                  9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District, Huhhot              010098          22        631        22,940
                                   Nanning Branch                 No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District, Nanning          530028          21        540        30,142
                                   Guiyang Branch                 284 Zhonghua Road North, Yunyan District, Guiyang         550001          16        461        23,958
                                   Yinchuan Branch                138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan         750001          17        425        13,375
                                   Xining Branch                  4 Xinning Road, Chengxi District, Xining                  810000          10        270        10,201

             Outside Mainland China Hong Kong Branch              31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,                  /         1        261       125,208
                                                                     Central, Hong Kong
                                   USA Representative Office      23rd Floor, 535 Madison Avenue, New York, U.S.A             10022          1          1              /
                                   New York Branch                23rd Floor,535 Madison Avenue, New York, U.S.A              10022          1        122        80,289
                                   Singapore Branch               1 Raffles Place, Tower 2, #32-61, Singapore               048616           1         45         6,438
                                   Taipei Representative Office   333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District, Taipei             /          1          2              /
                                   Luxembourg Branch              20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg                     L-2449          1         51        11,024
                                   London Branch                  18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                            /         1         57        12,045
                                   Sydney Branch                  L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                            /         1         37         3,989

             Other assignments     /                              /                                                                /          /        11               /

                                   CMB Wing Lung Bank         45 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong                               /            /     2,031    HK$341,843
                                   CMB Financial Leasing      22/F, 1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Shanghai                       200120            /       297       188,718
                                   CMB International Capital  45-46/F, Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central,                   /            /       487     HK$27,973
                                                                 Hong Kong
                                   CMB Wealth Management      Level 17-20, CR Capital Tower, 2700 Keyuan South              518052            /       316          5,190
                                                                 Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                                   China Merchants Fund       China Merchants Bank Tower, 7088 Shennan Boulevard,           518040            /       635          7,295
                                                                 Shenzhen
                                   CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Unit 3102, China Merchants Bank Tower, 7088 Shennan           518040            /     3,914        58,752
                                                                 Boulevard, Shenzhen
                                   Merchants Union Consumer 18/F, Building A4, Kexing Science Park, Nanshan District,       518000            /       957        92,697
                                                                 Shenzhen
             Total                 /                              /                                                                /      1,833   84,68318              /




      18
           Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management, China
           Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants Union Consumer. There were 82,241 employees at the end of 2018 calculated on the same
           statistical calibre. Among them, the statistical calibre of employees of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance has been adjusted.
China Merchants Bank                             VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                                                      125
Annual Report 2019



6.9 Organisational Structure of the Company:
                                                                                                     Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                                                      Office of Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                                          Consumer Rights Protection and Services
                                                                                                             General Office
                                                                                                                                                             Supervision Management Center#

                                                                                                     Human Resources Department


                                                                                                       Financial Technology Office


                                                                                              Assets and Liabilities Management Department                  Investment Management Department#


                                                                                                    Financial Accounting Department


                                                                                                                                                              Project Management Department#
                                                                                                             Strategic Customers Department




                                                     General Office of Corporate
                                                                                                            Institutional Customers Department                  Pension Finance Department#


                                                                                                             Financial Institutions Department




                                                              Finance
                                                                                                          Small Enterprises Finance Department                      Loan Approval Center#




                                  Head Office
                                                                                                             Transaction Banking Department                     International Business Center#


                                                                                                                 Offshore Finance Center




                                                      General Office of Investment
                                                                                                             Investment Banking Department




           China Merchants Bank
                                                                                                               Financial Market Department




                                  Branches
                                                                                                              Asset Management Department




                                                     Banking and Financial Markets
                                                                                                                Asset Custody Department


                                                                                                                Bills Business Department*


                                                                                                                Bill Brokerage Department*




                                  Sub-branches




                                                           General Office of Retail Finance
                                                                                                                                                             Network Operation Service Center#

                                                                                                             Wealth Management Department


                                                                                                               Private Banking Department                             Overseas Divisions#

                                                                                                            Retail Credit Business Department
                                                                                                            (Inclusive Finance Service Center)
                                                                                                                  Credit Card Center
                                                                                                              (Consumer Finance Center)
                                                                                                                                                              Operational Risk Management Department#

                                                                                                                                                                 Market Risk Management Department#

                                                                                                     Risk Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                         Loan Approval Center#

                                                                                                      Credit Approval Department                                           Pre-warning Center#

                                                                                                       Asset Security Department                                  Special Assets Operating Center#

                                                                                                   Operation Management Department                                         Operation Center#


                                                                                                   Information Technology Department                                 Retail Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                            Audit Department                                       Wholesale Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                         Inspection Department                                          Infrastructure R&D Center#


                                                                                                     Legal Compliance Department                                   Data Asset and Platform R&D Center#


                                                                                                         CMB Research Institute                                             Testing Center#


                                                                                                             Training Center                                                  Data Center#


                                                                                                     Labor Union of the Head Office                                      Security Department#


                                                                                                       Administration Department                         Anti-money Laundering and Sanction Compliance Management Center#


                                                                                                Representative Offices (Beijing, Shanghai,                          Procurement Management Department#
                                                                                                    United States of America, Taipei)

                                                                                                          Banking Department                                           Project Management Department#

                                                                                                                                                 Note：#secondary department
                                                                                                                                                      *independent secondary department
126   China Merchants Bank                     VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019



      Corporate Governance

      7.1 Corporate Governance Structure:
                                                                       Shareholders’ General Meeting



                      Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                                          Nomination Committee

                    Nomination Committee                       Board of Directors            Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                          Supervisory Committee

            Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                                              Office of the Board of            Office of Board of
                                                                                     Directors                     Supervisors

            Risk and Capital Management Committee

                                                                                                                                     Assets and Liabilities Management
                                                                                                                                                Committee
                       Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                     Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                                                                Committee
           Related Party Transactions Management and                 Executive Office of
           Consumer Rights Protection Committee                          President
                                                                                                                                        IT Management Committee


                     Shanghai Audit Division                                               Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                                     Business Continuity and Emergency
                                                                                                                                                Committee
                                                        Audit Department

                     Shenzhen Audit Division                                                Xi’an Audit Division
                                                                                                                                            Fintech Committee



                      Nanjing Audit Division                                               Wuhan Audit Division




                     Shenyang Audit Division                                           Chengdu Audit Division




                                                                                           Fuzhou Audit Division
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           127
Annual Report 2019



7.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 shareholders’ general meeting (14 proposals were reviewed
      and 5 reports were heard), 17 meetings of the Board of Directors (101 proposals were reviewed and 11 reports
      were heard or reviewed), 10 meetings of the Board of Supervisors (33 proposals were reviewed and 15 reports were
      delivered), 35 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Directors (123 proposals were reviewed and
      12 reports were delivered), 6 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors (12 proposals were
      reviewed) and 1 meeting of Non-Executive Directors (1 report was delivered). In addition, 2 special researches were
      organised by the Board of Directors, and 4 by the Board of Supervisors.
      Having conducted thorough self-inspection, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance of its corporate
      governance practice during the reporting period with the requirements set out in the CSRC’s regulatory documents
      governing the corporate governance of listed companies.
      During the reporting period, the Company received recognitions from the capital markets and regulatory authorities
      in respect of corporate governance, information disclosure as well as investor relations management, and won a
      number of honors, mainly including the “Excellent Corporate Governance Award” and the “Most Innovative Board
      Secretary Award” in the selection of the “Gold Round Table Award” by Directors&Boards; the “Gold Award for
      Annual Reports Worldwide” selected by League of American Communications Professionals LLC, the highest grade
      of “A” in the annual evaluation of information disclosures by Shanghai Stock Exchange; the awards of the “Most
      Respectful Asian Company”, the “Best CEO”, the “Best CFO”, the “Best Corporate Governance”, the “Best Investor
      Relations Management Company”, the “Best Company in Environmental Protection and Social Responsibilities” and
      the “Best Investor Relations Management Expert” for the Asian listed banks selected by Institutional Investor of U.S.,
      and the “Most Influential Listing Companies in 2019” hosted by xueqiu.com.



7.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 shareholders’ general meeting, namely the 2018 Annual
      General Meeting on 27 June 2019.
      For details of the resolutions, please refer to the documents on the shareholders’ general meeting published on
      the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company as well as the circulars regarding the shareholders’
      general meeting published on the websites of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The notification,
      gathering, convening and voting procedures of the meeting complied with relevant requirements of the Company
      Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      Relevant resolutions were published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      and the Company, as well as on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times. For more
      information on the attendance of Directors at the shareholders’ general meeting, please refer to “Attendance of
      Directors at Relevant Meetings” of this report.
128   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019



      7.4 Board of Directors
            The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
            passed by the shareholders’ general meetings; formulating of the Company’s major principles and policies, including
            development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, remuneration regulations;
            deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; preparing annual financial budgets,
            final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and evaluating members of senior management. The
            Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
            Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
            on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
            would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
            The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
            establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
            efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses
            on key issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced,
            healthy and sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamic and
            balanced development in quality, efficiency and scale through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital,
            remuneration, internal control and connected transactions, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company to
            enhance its operation and management capabilities.



      7.4.1 Composition of the Board of Directors
            At present, the Board of Directors of the Company has seventeen members, including eight Non-Executive Directors,
            three Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the eight Non-Executive Directors
            are from large- state-owned enterprises where they hold key positions such as the Chairman of the Board of
            Directors, General Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer. They have extensive experience in
            corporate management, finance and accounting fields. The three Executive Directors have been engaged in financial
            management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-Executive
            Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, and financial experts, university professors and
            investment bankers with international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the
            banking industry at home and abroad. The two Independent Non-Executive Directors from Hong Kong are proficient
            in international accounting standards and the requirements of Hong Kong capital market. The Board of Directors
            of the Company has one female Director who, together with other Directors of the Company, offers professional
            opinions to the Company in their respective fields. Such diversified composition of the Board of Directors of the
            Company has brought about a wide spectrum of vision and highly professional experience, and also has maintained
            strong independence which enables the Board of Directors to make independent judgments and scientific decisions
            effectively when studying and considering important issues.
            The Company values the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and has formulated the relevant
            policies requiring that the Nomination Committee of the Company shall review the structure, number of Directors
            and composition (including their skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board of Directors at least once a year
            according to the Company’s business operation, asset scale and shareholding structure, and put forward proposals in
            respect of any intended changes to the Board of Directors in line with the strategies of the Company.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in Chapter VI of this report. To comply with the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all the corporate communication
            documents of the Company which disclose their names.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                               129
Annual Report 2019


7.4.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
      In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
      replaced by the shareholders at the shareholders’ general meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
      be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
      obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
      a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a shareholders’ general meeting before expiry of his/
      her term.
      A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a shareholders’ general meeting before the expiry of his/
      her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and administrative regulations (however, any claim made in
      accordance with any contract shall not be affected).
      The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
      Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall
      comply with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
      The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
      requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
      Nomination Committee of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
      shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for a Director and recommends suitable
      candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination proposal, the Board of Directors shall
      propose election of the related candidates at a shareholders’ general meeting and submit the relevant resolution at a
      shareholders’ general meeting for consideration and approval.



7.4.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      During the reporting period, all Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently exercised their rights
      under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory rules, devoted sufficient
      time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of the Company were fully
      compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and economic policies of the country,
      gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation and management of the Company, and
      fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative regulations, departmental regulations and
      the Articles of Association of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual
      responsibilities towards shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the
      Board of Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors was 97%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors, engagement of accounting firms
      and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company also gave full
      play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees under the Board of Directors, and provided
      professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance and operation management of the Company,
      thereby ensuring the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Company is
      of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the
      CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the requirements of the Articles of Association
      of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
      Management” for all its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors, and the annual duty performance and cross-appraisal of the Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, and reported the appraisal results to the shareholders’ general meeting.
130   China Merchants Bank                 VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019


      7.4.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
            The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company has been served by different persons
            and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr.
            Li Jianhong serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and is responsible for leading the Board of Directors,
            ensuring that all the Directors are updated regarding issues arising at board meetings, managing the operation of
            the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major and relevant issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a
            constructive and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in
            time, the Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors
            duly receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Tian Huiyu serves
            as the President, responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and
            business plans.



      7.4.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the shareholders’ general meeting held in
            2019.


                                                                                       Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                    Related Party
                                                                                                                                                     Transactions
                                                                                                                                                    Management
                                                                                                                     Risk and                      and Consumer
                                                                                               Remuneration            Capital                             Rights    Shareholders’
                                                    Board of        Strategy    Nomination and Appraisal Management                       Audit        Protection         General
            Directors                              Directors(1)   Committee      Committee        Committee        Committee         Committee        Committee           Meeting
                                                                                  Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance(2)
            Non-Executive Directors
            Li Jianhong                                 17/17            5/5            5/5                /                /                 /                 /              1/1
            Fu Gangfeng                                 16/17            5/5               /                /                /                 /                 /             0/1
            Zhou Song                                   16/17               /              /                /                /              7/7                  /             1/1
            Hong Xiaoyuan                               17/17               /              /             5/5              8/8                  /                 /             1/1
            Zhang Jian                                  17/17               /              /                /             8/8                  /                 /             1/1
            Su Min                                      17/17               /              /                /             4/4                  /              5/5              1/1
            Wang Daxiong                                17/17               /              /             3/3              4/4               5/5                 /              1/1
            Luo Sheng                                     5/5            1/1               /               /              4/4                  /                /                 /
            Sun Yueying (resigned)                      11/11               /              /             2/2              4/4                  /                 /             1/1

            Executive Directors
            Tian Huiyu                                  17/17            5/5            5/5                 /               /                  /                 /             1/1
            Liu Jianjun                                   3/3              /              /                 /               /                  /              2/2                /
            Wang Liang                                    3/3              /              /                 /             3/3                  /                 /                /
            Li Hao (resigned)                             4/4               /              /                /             2/2                  /              2/2                 /

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
            Leung Kam Chung, Antony                     15/17               /              /             4/5              4/4                  /                 /             1/1
            Zhao Jun                                    17/17               /           5/5                 /                /              2/2               5/5              1/1
            Wong See Hong                               17/17               /              /                /                /              7/7               5/5              1/1
            Li Menggang                                 17/17               /              /             5/5                 /              7/7                  /             1/1
            Liu Qiao                                    17/17               /           5/5              5/5              4/4                  /                 /             1/1
            Tian Hongqi                                   5/5               /             /                /                /               2/2               2/2                 /
            Pan Chengwei (resigned)                     12/12               /           5/5                 /               /               5/5               3/3              1/1


            Notes:      (1)   During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 17 meetings, and the special committees under the
                              Board of Directors held a total of 35 meetings.

                        (2)   Actual number of attendance does not include attendance by proxy.

                        (3)   Mr. Li Hao has ceased to be an Executive Director of the Company since 8 April 2019, Ms. Sun Yueying has ceased to be a Non-Executive
                              Director of the Company since 27 June 2019, and Mr. Pan Chengwei has ceased to be an Independent Director of the Company since 5
                              August 2019.

                        (4)   Mr. Luo Sheng has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since 12 July 2019, and Mr. Tian Hongqi has been an Independent
                              Director of the Company since 5 August 2019. Both Mr. Liu Jianjun and Mr. Wang Liang have been the Executive Directors of the
                              Company since 25 August 2019.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                           131
Annual Report 2019


7.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
      The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
      of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
      Having made specific enquiry, so far as the Company is aware, all the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had
      complied with the aforesaid Model Code during the reporting period.
      The Company has also established the guidelines for the relevant employees’ dealings in the Company’s securities,
      which are no less exacting than the Model Code. During the reporting period, the Company is not aware of any
      non-compliance with the aforesaid guidelines by the relevant employees.



7.4.7 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances set out in Rule 3.13
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company has received
      from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence which was
      made in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion
      that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the requirement of independence set out
      in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through personal attendance
      at the meetings, on-site visits, research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles
      as Independent Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and
      its various special committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests
      and requests of minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the
      meetings convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at
      relevant meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors,
      engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the resolutions of the
      Board of Directors and others of the Company in the year.
      According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in
      2019, believing that such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the
      progress of significant matters in 2019. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results
      achieved in 2019. They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the
      certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major matters and formed their written opinions;
      they reviewed the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters
      on the agenda and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected
      transactions of the Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
132   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019



      7.5 Special Committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy Committee, the
            Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and Capital Management Committee,
            the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2019, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company carried out their duties in an
            independent, compliant and effective manner. During the year, these committees held a total of 35 meetings
            to study and review 135 significant issues, including strategic implementation and assessment, FinTech, profit
            appropriation, annual financial budget and final account, remuneration and appraisal, capital management plan,
            comprehensive risk management and internal control, and reported their audit opinions and advices to the Board of
            Directors by submitting meeting minutes and holding on-site meetings, hence fully playing its role in assisting the
            Board of Directors to make scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company as well as
            their work in 2019 are summarised as follows:



      7.5.1 Strategy Committee
            The Strategy Committee consists of Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The incumbent members of
            the Strategy Committee are Li Jianhong (Chairman), Fu Gangfeng, Luo Sheng, all being Non-Executive Directors and
            Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Strategy Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the operation and
            management goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, as well as supervising
            and examining the implementation of its annual operation plan and investment plan.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, and
                   make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider the material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operation and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on the important issues for discussion and determination by the Board
                   of Directors; and
            6.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2019, the Strategy Committee focused on reviewing the development strategy rolling plan and the use of the
            Fintech Innovation Project Fund and other proposals and made prospective deployment of the business model for
            development stage 3.0. Following the strategic principle of “adhering to long-term strategies, tapping existing
            advantages, focusing on technology-driven development and embracing changes”, the committee firmly promoted
            the “Digital Bank” transformation, ensured the long-term and normalised investment in Fintech innovations
            and supported the research and establishment of an adaptive human resource management mechanism. It also
            put forward a proposal on incorporating the market-oriented mechanism on talent selection, employment and
            remuneration incentives and the Fintech investment policies into the Company’s Articles of Association, so as to
            provide a strong institutional guarantee for implementing the twin-driver strategy of “talents + innovations”.
            Moreover, the Strategy Committee also considered the annual financial budget and final account report, the business
            plan implementation report, the authorisation and issuance of the Write-down Undated Capital Bonds and other
            matters.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                             133
Annual Report 2019


7.5.2 Nomination Committee
      The majority of members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Nomination Committee include Wong
      See Hong (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Li Jianhong (a
      Non-Executive Director) and Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible
      for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the Directors and senior management, conducting
      preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the Directors and senior management and making
      proposals to the Board of Directors.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
             Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
             scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
      2.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      3.     Conduct extensive searches for the qualified candidates for Directors and senior management;
      4.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
      5.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In view of the expiration of the term of office of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors in 2019, the Nomination
      Committee studied and formulated a re-election plan according to the latest provisions of external regulations and
      the Company’s Articles of Association regarding Board structure and the nomination and election of Directors, so
      as to clarify the number of members and the composition structure of the Board of Directors as well as the way of
      election of various Directors. The Nomination Committee also successively completed the procedures for selection of
      five Executive Vice Presidents, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of Directors and other senior
      executives. Besides, according to regulatory requirements and with comprehensive consideration of various factors
      such as education background, work experience and professional knowledge, the Nomination Committee initially
      reviewed the qualifications of the 18 candidates for the Directors of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors
      and submitted the list of candidates to the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting, providing
      strong guarantee for the successful re-election of the Board of Directors.


7.5.3 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors,
      and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Leung Kam Chung, Antony, Liu Qiao (all being
      Independent Non-Executive Directors), Hong Xiaoyuan and Wang Daxiong (both being Non-Executive Directors). The
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is responsible mainly for reviewing the remuneration management system
      and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the Directors and senior management,
      making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of such proposals.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
             forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
      2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of Directors and senior management of
             the Company, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
             proposals;
      3.     Review the systems and policies for remuneration management of the whole Bank; and
      4.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2019, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee continued to guide the cadres and employees of the
      Company to follow the strategic principle of “adhering to long-term strategies and tapping existing advantages”,
      thoroughly implement the mid- and long-term strategic goals set by the Board of Directors, continuously enriched
      the connotation of the incentive and restrictive mechanism, and studied and improved the incentive plan and
      promoted the implementation thereof; the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee also reviewed and formulated
      the “Implementation Rules for Management of Benefit Package and Business Expenditures of Responsible Persons
      of China Merchants Bank ( 《招商銀行負責人履職待遇和業務支出管理實施細則》 )” to further standardise the
      performance benefits and operational expenditures of relevant executives. Pursuant to the provisions of the H Share
      Appreciation Rights Scheme, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee conducted validity appraisal and price
      adjustment in respect of the appreciation rights granted, which ensured the continuous implementation of the
      medium-to-long term incentive mechanism of the Company.
134   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019


      7.5.4 Risk and Capital Management Committee
            The members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are Hong Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Zhang Jian, Wang
            Daxiong, Luo Sheng (all being Non-Executive Directors), Wang Liang (an Executive Director) and Liu Qiao (an
            Independent Non-Executive Director). The Risk and Capital Management Committee is mainly responsible for
            supervising the status of risk management by the senior management of the Company in relation to various major
            risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding ability and capital management status of the
            Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
                   market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and
                   other risks;
            2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
                   of the Company;
            3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
                   the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
            4.     Submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company;
            5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
                   and
            6.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2019, the Risk and Capital Management Committee continued to implement the Board of Director’s strategic
            principles of “quality first, efficiency in priority, risk controllable, and moderate scale”, adhered to the long-term
            and prudent risk management philosophy, and always maintained a strategic focus on risk management. It assisted
            the Board of Directors in strengthening the management of comprehensive risk, major asset allocation, capital
            replenishment, money laundering and sanction risks, external agency cooperation risk, collection and disposal of
            non-performing assets and other areas, and actively implemented the Board of Directors’ target requirements of
            “outrunning the market and outperforming the peers”.
            The Risk and Capital Management Committee studied and considered various resolutions on the comprehensive
            risk reports, major asset allocation plan, the risk preference implementation report and the comprehensive risk
            consolidated management plan for each quarter. It has strengthened the comprehensive risk management system at
            the group level of the Bank, promoted the integration of off-balance sheet asset management business and related
            subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management system, and strengthened downward penetration of risk
            management of subsidiaries. It has also studied and improved the major asset allocation plan across the Bank, and
            made corresponding adjustments to the whole Bank’s major asset allocation based on macroeconomic growth and
            industrial structure adjustments. Moreover, it has also reviewed the annual business continuity management work
            report, the annual anti-money laundering work report, the work report on compliance of institutions in the United
            States, the stress test report, the verification policy implementation report and the outsourcing management report,
            effectively practiced the prudent risk management concepts and assisted the Board of Directors in further enhancing
            its risk management capability.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                          135
Annual Report 2019


7.5.5 Audit Committee
      The majority of members of the Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi
      (Chairman), Zhao Jun, Wong See Hong, Li Menggang (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Zhou
      Song (a Non-Executive Director). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors
      of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting policies and financial
      position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company, proposing the appointment
      or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and internal control of the
      Company.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
      2.     Monitor the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures
             and work effectiveness of the internal audit department;
      3.     Coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;
      4.     Audit the financial information of the Company and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for
             the annual audit work of the Company, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy,
             completeness and timeliness of the information contained in the audited financial statements, and submit the
             same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
      5.     Examine the internal control system of the Company, and put forward the advices to improve the internal
             control of the Company;
      6.     Review and supervise the mechanism for the Company’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct in respect
             of financial statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always handles the
             whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
      7.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Company; and
      8.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2019, based on the quarterly regular meeting system, the Audit Committee mainly reviewed the regular
      reports and internal and external audit reports to supervise and verify the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of
      information set out in the financial statements. The Company obtained the findings of internal audits in a timely
      manner and strengthened bank-wide self-examination and the rectification of and the accountability for the
      problems concerned by relevant regulators, and promoted an effective communication mechanism between internal
      and external audits by constantly enhancing the communication with internal and external auditors, gave full play
      to its important role in monitoring operation management, disclosing risks and issues and improving management
      levels, and effectively discharged relevant functions and promoted enhancement of management level.
      According to the “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted
      by the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties
      in preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2019:
      1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2019 and the unaudited
             financial statements of the Company.
      2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge
             of annual audit, the Audit Committee reviewed the report on the operation of the Company for 2019,
             exchanged opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit,
             reviewed the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues.
      3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed
             the Company’s Annual Report for 2019 and agreed to submit the same to the Board of Directors for
             consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the Board of
             Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the audit
             work of the Company in 2019.
136   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019


      7.5.6 Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
            Committee
            The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
            are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.
            The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are
            Zhao Jun (Chairman), Wong See Hong and Tian Hongqi (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Su Min
            (a Non-Executive Director) and Liu Jianjun (an Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and
            Consumer Rights Protection Committee is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party
            transactions of the Company and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Identify related parties of the Company pursuant to relevant laws and regulations;
            2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions,
                   and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
            3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
                   establishment and improvement of the related party transaction management system of the Company;
            4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
            5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
            6.     Regularly listen to the report on the implementation of the consumer rights protection work of the Company
                   and the relevant resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors in respect of the relevant
                   work;
            7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
                   work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
                   and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work; and
            8.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2019, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee reviewed the
            fairness of the related party transactions, assisted the Board of Directors to ensure the legitimacy and compliance
            of related party transactions, carried out relevant responsibilities of consumer right protection in accordance with
            the regulatory requirements, reviewed and approved various resolutions on, among others, the 2018 Annual
            Related Party Transaction Report and the List of Related Parties in 2019, reviewed and approved the related party
            transactions of the Company with China Merchants Group Ltd., China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited,
            Gemdale Corporation, Merchants Union Consumer, CMB Financial Leasing and Guotai Junan Co., Ltd. (國泰君安股
            份有限公司), reviewed and approved the cap for the continuing connected transactions with China Merchants Fund,
            and reviewed and approved the report on consumer rights protection.



      7.6 Corporate Governance Functions
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
            1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
                   amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
            2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
                   management;
            3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
                   requirements;
            4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
                   Directors and employees of the Company;
            5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
                   Report of Corporate Governance; and
            6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
                   Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
                   the Company are effective.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                              137
Annual Report 2019



7.7 Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general
      meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
      legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
      management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
      creditors and other stakeholders.


7.7.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members, including three Shareholder Supervisors,
      three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion of Employee Supervisors and External
      Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the regulatory requirements. The three
      Shareholder Supervisors are from large- state-owned enterprises where they serve important posts and have
      extensive experience in business management and professional knowledge in finance and accounting; the three
      Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management, and thus accumulated rich
      professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional expertise and rich practical
      experience in economic management and research, accounting, corporate governance and other areas. Members of
      the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence required for their
      performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
      A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.


7.7.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
      The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
      Supervisors and special committees, attending shareholders’ general meetings, board meetings and its special
      committee meetings, attending various meetings on operation and management held by the senior management;
      reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the senior
      management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
      domestic and overseas branches of the Company on a collective or separate basis and having talks with Directors
      and the senior management over their duty performance in the year, communicating with external auditors regularly,
      etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors comprehensively monitors the operation and management status, risk
      management status and internal control status of the Company as well as duty performance of the Directors and
      the senior management, and puts forward the constructive and targeted operation and management advice and
      supervision opinions.


7.7.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of ten meetings, of which three were on-
      site meetings and seven were meetings convened and voted by correspondence. 33 proposals regarding business
      operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, internal audit, related party transactions, corporate
      governance, evaluation of the duty performance of Directors and Supervisors and audit on the resignation of
      senior management were considered, and 15 special reports involving implementation of strategic planning and
      risk appetite, disposal of non-performing assets, prevention and control of crimes, consumer rights protection were
      reviewed at those meetings.
      In 2019, the Company convened one shareholders’ general meeting and seven on-site board meetings. Supervisors
      attended the shareholders’ general meeting and were present at all the on-site board meetings, and supervised
      the legitimacy and compliance of convening the shareholders’ general meeting and the Board meetings, voting
      procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, issue of opinions and voting details.
      During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
      independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending meetings of the Board
      of Supervisors, convening special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in shareholders’
      general meeting and meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its special committees, participating in the Board
      of Supervisors’ investigations and surveys conducted at branch level on a collective or separate basis, proactively
      familiarising themselves with the operation and management and the implementation of strategies of the Company,
      and actively participating in studies and reviews on significant matters. During the adjournment of the meetings
      of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors reviewed various documents and
      reports of the Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and senior management in respect
      of the problems found in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in assisting the Board of Supervisors in
      performing their supervisory duties.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
      matters.
138   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019


      7.7.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
            The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, each
            consisting of four Supervisors, and those committees were chaired by an External Supervisor.
            The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
            As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Nomination Committee of the Eleventh Session of the
            Board of Supervisors were Ding Huiping (Chairman), Peng Bihong, Wen Jianguo and Liu Xiaoming. The major
            duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to make proposals to the Board of Supervisors on the size and
            composition of the Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and procedures for the election of Supervisors
            and propose the same to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for
            Supervisors; to undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications of the candidates for Supervisors nominated
            by Shareholders and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the procedures for election of Directors; to
            evaluate the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and senior management and the duty performance of their
            members, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors; to supervise whether the remuneration management
            system and policies of the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and
            reasonable.
            In 2019, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held three meetings at which it studied and
            considered the evaluation process and specific conclusions of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance
            of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management and their members in 2018, the
            procedures and proposals for re-election of a new session of the Board of Supervisors and the nomination of
            candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and External Supervisors.
            The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
            As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee of the Eleventh Session of the
            Board of Supervisors were Han Zirong (Chairman), Wu Heng, Xu Zhengjun and Wang Wanqing. The major duties
            of the Supervisory Committee are to formulate the supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by
            the Board of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct
            relevant examinations; to supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value
            standards and its formulation of suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company;
            to conduct supervision and assessment on the important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior
            management and their implementations, the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance
            structure and the overall risk management governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and
            their duty performance; to formulate the specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and
            risk management of the Company under the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate
            the plans for conducting resignation audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
            In 2019, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of three meetings at which
            it reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2019 and the audit on the resignation
            of senior management and major issues of concern for risk management and control. In addition, members of the
            Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors were also present at various on-site meetings convened by
            the Risk and Capital Management Committee and Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed
            the consideration and discussion of the above special committee on the financial decisions, risk management, capital
            management, internal control compliance, internal audit and other aspects of the Company, and offered comments
            and suggestions on some of the issues.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           139
Annual Report 2019



7.8 Trainings and Investigations/Surveys conducted by Directors and
    Supervisors during the Reporting Period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company organised seven
      investigations/surveys, through which the duty performance, decision-making and effectiveness of supervision of our
      Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised two investigations/surveys/visits
      for the Directors, which involved visits to the Credit Card Center and some tier-1 and tier-2 branches to have
      deep understanding of the operation and management of the Head Office and its branches and sub-branches,
      implementation of the “Light-operation Bank” strategy, development of key businesses, risk management and
      internal control and consumer rights protection, and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions. In addition,
      the Company’s Non-Executive Directors reviewed the “Report on Current Situation of Anti-Money Laundering and
      Sanction Compliance (《關於當前反洗錢及制裁合規形勢的報告》)” of the Company to have deeper understanding of
      the policy guidelines and regulatory requirements of regulators for improving the regulatory systems and mechanisms
      of anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and anti-tax evasion, and provided constructive opinions and
      suggestions for the Company to improve its anti-money laundering risk management system, speed up application of
      financial technologies in anti-money laundering management, optimise relevant processes and accelerate personnel
      trainings.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors continued to optimise and improve the ways and methods
      of researches by focusing on key areas of concerns to identify and solve problems, hence effectively improving the
      quality and efficiency of researches. The Board of Supervisors organised a total of four collective surveys in the
      year, including three domestic surveys and one overseas survey, involving nine branches and sub-branches. During
      the surveys, members of the Board of Supervisors conducted discussions with management of branches and on-
      site visits to grassroots staff, customers and peers to gain in-depth understanding of the strategic development, risk
      management and control, internal control compliance and basic management of the branches, and the effectiveness
      of the policy of “empowering frontlines and reducing burden on grassroots (賦能減負)” of the Head Office, and put
      forward high-quality opinions and suggestions on the development of second-tier branches and the operation and
      management of overseas branches. During the year, the Board of Supervisors compiled and distributed a total of
      four issues of the “Work Summary of the Board of Supervisors (《監事會工作要情》)”, submitting the investigation
      results and recommendations of the Board of Supervisors to the Board of Directors and the senior management in
      a timely manner, and coordinated and promoted the solving of key and difficult issues to facilitate the operation
      and development of the Company. With focus on the roots of risks, the Board of Supervisors used internal audit
      to trace the root cause, find out the reasons and give warning of the issues. The Board of Supervisors supervised
      the departments under the Head Office to effectively solve the problems encountered in root operations in respect
      of performance evaluation, resource allocation, product support, talent training, etc. Through adjustment and
      optimisation, the researches of the Board of Supervisors have formed a closed-loop full process of information
      collection, problem sorting, supervised solution and communication and feedback. The mechanism has been running
      smoothly with remarkable effect.
      During the reporting period, the Directors of the Company participated in relevant trainings or researches according
      to the requirements on duty performance, the contents of which include corporate governance, policies and
      regulations and banking operation and management. The above trainings or researches helped improve the duty
      performance of the Directors, ensure that the Directors were fully aware of the information required for duty
      performance, and continued to make contributions to the Board of Directors of the Company based on the actual
      situation of the Company. If necessary, the Company would assist the Directors to attend appropriate trainings and
      researches and make reimbursements for relevant expenses.
      During the reporting period, part of the Company’s new Supervisors attended the training courses for directors
      and supervisors organised by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau to further deepen their learning and
      understanding of corporate governance operation and supervisory functions, which effectively promoted the
      improvement of their duty performance.
140   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019



      7.9 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
            During the reporting period, Mr. Liu Jianjun, the company secretary of the Company appointed on 24 April 2019 to
            replace Mr. Wang Liang, and Mrs. Seng Sze Ka Mee Natalia of Tricor Services Limited, an external services provider,
            are the joint company secretaries of the Company under Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Liu Jianjun is the major
            contact person of the Company on internal issues.
            During the reporting period, Mr. Liu Jianjun and Mrs. Seng Sze Ka Mee Natalia attended the relevant professional
            trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of Hong Kong Listing Rules.
            After the reporting period, on 1 January 2020, Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external
            services provider, was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company to replace Ms. Seng Sze Ka Mee
            Natalia.



      7.10 Misconduct Reporting and Monitoring
            During the reporting period, the Company had no internal cases that inflict huge losses, or external cases or
            incidents of theft or robbery, or material safety issues.



      7.11 Communication with Shareholders
            Investor relations
            In 2019, the Company remained investor-oriented, strove to improve the openness and effectiveness of
            communication with the capital market in a positive, innovative and professional manner. Through a variety of
            innovative forms, the Company introduced its development strategy, business strategy, business highlights and
            investment value more comprehensively and deeply to various investors and analysts at home and abroad, and
            responded to various concerns from the capital market in a timely and efficient manner. The Company’s full-year
            performance in the capital market achieved the goal of “outrunning the market and outperforming the peers”. The
            valuation of the Company’s A+H Shares remained at the forefront in the domestic banking industry, the full-year
            growth rate exceeded the market and industry averages and the market value maintained the fifth place among the
            domestic banks.
            During the reporting period, the Company rolled out one global road show and two domestic road shows for its
            annual results, and held two performance presentations and one media press. A total of 427 institutional investors
            or analysts and 32 media reporters at home and abroad attended the Company’s 2018 performance presentation
            and press conference, setting the Company’s highest record since its listing in 2002.
            Chairman Li Jianhong and President Tian Huiyu attached great importance to investor relations management. They
            attended the 2018 performance presentation and press conference, and gave detailed answers to market and media
            concerns. Following the release of our 2018 annual results, President Tian Huiyu and other senior management
            formed two road-show teams to roll out global road shows in Hong Kong, Europe, the United States and other
            regions, visiting a total of 97 key investment institutions, and communicating with them adequately and intensively
            on the strategic visions, Fintech transformation, business development and special advantages of the Company.
            After the release of the 2019 interim results, Liu Jianjun, an Executive Vice President and the Secretary of the
            Board of Directors, led a team to roll out a road-show exchange campaign in Shanghai and Hong Kong, meeting
            with 53 key investment institutions. Upon the release of the third quarterly results, the Company visited a total
            of 22 key institutional investors in Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen and conducted in-depth exchanges with
            them. In addition, the Company received a total of 109 visits and telephone surveys by 322 domestic and foreign
            institutional investors and analysts in the year, attended the investor conferences held by 36 investment banks or
            securities brokers at home and abroad, and conducted 156 one-to-one or one-to-many discussions with a total of
            1,082 Institutional investors. We also answered hundreds of phone calls from our investors and processed hundreds
            of messages from our investors on the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, and SSE E-interaction. The
            above measures satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts to communicate with the Company in an effective
            manner.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                              141
Annual Report 2019


      Information disclosure
      The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the Company attached great importance
      to the Company’s information disclosure. The Company’s information disclosure is based on good corporate
      governance practice, sound internal control, and an effective information disclosure system, which ensures that our
      investors can obtain information in a timely, accurate and equal manner.
      During the reporting period, the Company, upon completion of the statutory information disclosure in the year,
      further strengthened the initiative and transparency of information disclosure. In 2019, the Company issued a total
      of 283 disclosure documents of approximately 2.16 million words on the stock exchanges in Shanghai and Hong
      Kong, disclosing all major issues in a timely, fair, open, and just manner, strictly fulfilling its statutory information
      disclosure obligation without any disclosure errors. Meanwhile, the Company further enhanced the quality of
      voluntary information disclosure, with highlighted emphasis and distinctive features. Through strengthening analysis
      of development strategies and the effectiveness of implementation thereof in regular reports, it further demonstrated
      the Company’s achievements in its transformation into a “Digital Bank”. Thanks to the detailed data analysis, the
      disclosures fully reflect the Company’s differentiated competitive strength from its peers, and give a honest analysis
      of the difficulties and challenges faced by the Company, providing sufficient basis for investors to fully understand
      the Company’s operating conditions.
      During the reporting period, through collating the information disclosure management system comprehensively,
      the Company carried out comprehensive revision of the terms of the information disclosure management system
      according to the strict principles of domestic and overseas regulatory rules and the latest regulatory requirements,
      and formally implemented the revised terms after review and approval by the Board of Directors. The revised
      “Management System for Information Disclosure of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (《招商銀行股份有限公司資訊披
      露事務管理制度》)” kept pace with the latest supervisory requirements and, in the meantime, adapted more to the
      needs of internal management of the Company’s information disclosure practice, providing a strong guarantee for
      improving the Company’s information disclosure system and strengthening compliance management of information
      disclosure practice.
      The Company’s well-regulated operation and outstanding information disclosure practice met with full recognition
      from the regulatory authorities, and received the highest grade of “A” in the annual appraisal of information
      disclosure of listed companies organised by the SSE.



7.12 Shareholders’ Rights
      Convening of extraordinary shareholders’ general meetings
      An extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors within two months upon
      request in writing by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares.



      Making proposals at the shareholders’ general meetings
      If the Company convenes a shareholders’ general meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
      3% of the total issued voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company 15
      working days before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and submit the same to the convenor. The
      convenor shall issue a supplemental notice to the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the
      interim proposals within two working days after receiving the proposals.
142   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2019


            Convening of extraordinary board meeting
            An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than one-tenth
            (10%) of the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within ten (10) days upon
            receiving such proposal.



            Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
            Shareholders are entitled to review the information on the Company (including the Articles of Association, the status
            of share capital, the minutes of the shareholders’ general meeting, resolutions of board meetings, resolutions of
            meetings of the Board of Supervisors, financial and accounting reports) in accordance with the provisions of the
            Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
            of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, the identity of whom has been verified by the Company.



            Cash dividend policies
            The Company has formulated its cash dividend policies. For details, please refer to the “formulation and
            implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies” in Chapter III.



      7.13 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
            During the reporting period, the Company amended the Articles of Association. For details, please refer to the
            shareholders’ circular, the documents of the shareholders’ general meeting and the announcement of the Company
            published on 10 May 2019, 11 June 2019 and 23 October 2019, respectively.



      7.14 Statement made by the Directors about Their Responsibility for
           the Financial Statements
            The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
            information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
            submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 to present a true view of the operating results of the
            Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
            might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.



      7.15 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
            During the reporting period, the Company has applied the principles of the Corporate Governance Code set out
            in Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and has complied with all the code provisions and recommended
            practices (if applicable).
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                           143
Annual Report 2019



7.16 Internal Control
      During the reporting period, according to the unified deployment of the CBIRC, the Company has conscientiously
      organised campaigns “to reinforce its results on rectification of disorders and promote compliance construction”,
      so as to carry out a comprehensive review on the previous rectification of disorders and consolidate rectification
      results. The Company fully carried out self-examination and self-correction by focusing on the major issues of
      rectification work proposed by the CBIRC in 2019, and implemented comprehensive rectification work in respect of
      system improvement, culture promotion, system construction, processes optimisation, business training, supervision
      and inspection, etc., and continued to improve the institutional foundation and mechanism guarantee for lawful
      and compliant operation by consolidating the long-lasting mechanism for preventing the “stubborn diseases” of
      disorders and risk cases. Considering its own actual conditions, the Company continued to enhance the quality and
      efficiency of internal management according to the policy of “removing inherent barriers, empowering frontlines
      and reducing burden on grassroots (橫向打破豎井、 縱向賦能減負)”. Faced with the new normal fueled by strict
      regulations and rectification of disorders, the Company continued to organise and conduct compliance education,
      case warning trainings and code of conduct education, continuously strengthened the employees’ awareness of
      risks and compliance, vigorously promoted the professional ethics in integrity and compliance with disciplines, and
      actively fostered a compliance culture in which “we cannot violate regulations, dare not violate regulations, and are
      unwilling to violate regulations”; continued to conduct investigations on employees’ abnormal behaviors and case
      risk, identify and eliminate all kinds of potential risks in a timely manner; further strengthened the supervision and
      inspection of various business activities and non-compliance accountability and continued to maintain high pressure
      on all kinds of violations with a view to ensuring the implementation of each regulatory requirement and national
      regulatory policies, and the compliance operation and healthy development of the Company’s various businesses.
      During the reporting period, the Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of
      the whole Bank in 2019. As reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of
      completeness, reasonableness and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details,
      please refer to the “Report of Assessment on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2019”, and the
      “Auditors’ Report on Internal Control” issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP with
      standard unqualified opinions.



7.17 Internal Audit
      The Company has an independent and vertical internal audit management system. The Board of Directors shall
      assume the ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of internal audit, being responsible for
      reviewing and approving the constitutional documents of internal audit, establishing the audit organisation system,
      formulating the medium-to-long term audit plan and the annual audit plan, appointing the head officer of the
      audit department, providing necessary support to carry out internal audit work independently and objectively, and
      assessing the independence and effectiveness of internal audit work. The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee
      which, upon receiving its authorisation, is responsible for reviewing important systems and reports such as the
      constitutional documents of internal audit, approving the medium-to-long term audit plan and the annual audit
      plan, and guiding, assessing and evaluating the internal audit work. The Head Office has an Audit Department
      which consists of nine audit divisions, which are under the guidance of the Board of Supervisors and senior
      management, and shall undertake the specific internal audit duties. The Audit Department under the Head Office
      has nine specialised teams to strengthen off-site audit work such as “research, analysis, organisation and guidance”
      and enhanced the support and guidance to the audit divisions. Meanwhile, four corresponding audit teams were set
      up to strengthen the auditing of departments under Head Office, overseas institutions, anti-money laundering work
      and credit card business. In each audit division, five professionally mixed audit teams were established to strengthen
      the ongoing audit and rectification following-up of regional branches and institutions.
      In 2019, the Audit Department of the Company paid close attention to its strategies, risks and regulatory concerns.
      According to the work requirement of “empowering frontlines and reducing burden on grassroots (賦能減負)”,
      it emphasised on risk prevention and control to strengthen audit and supervision over key areas, key risks and
      other key aspects; stressed on special rectifications and took various measures simultaneously to strengthen audit
      rectifications; and highlighted continuous audit, carried on the shift from post-rectification to the issue of warning
      before and during the events, proposed audit suggestions timely, and promoted the continuous improvement of
      mechanism, processes and systems, thus enabling the improvement of operation and management across the Bank.
144   China Merchants Bank         VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
      Annual Report 2019



      Report of the Board of Supervisors

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the financial
      activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and
      the senior management of the Company pursuant to the “Company Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the Articles of
      Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory authorities.
      Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors:


      Lawful Operation
      During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the “Company Law of the People’s
      Republic of China”, the “Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the Articles of Association, the
      internal control system was improved, and the decision making procedures were lawful and valid. None of the Directors
      and senior management of the Company were found to have violated the relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of
      Association or had done anything detrimental to the interests of the Company and shareholders.


      Authenticity of Financial Statements
      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have audited the financial
      statements for 2019 in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial
      Reporting Standards respectively and have each produced a standard unqualified audit report, stating that the financial
      statements have given a true, objective and accurate view of the financial position and operating results of the Company.


      Use of Proceeds
      During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in the
      Prospectus of the Company.


      Purchase and Disposal of Assets
      During the reporting period, the Company is unaware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets which
      would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.


      Related Party Transactions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions which were not
      conducted on an arm’s length basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and its shareholders.


      Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
      The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
      the shareholders’ general meeting in 2019, and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant
      resolutions passed at the shareholders’ general meeting(s).


      Internal Control
      The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      for 2019”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness, reasonableness and
      effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.




      By Order of the Board of Supervisors
      Liu Yuan
      Chairman of the Board of Supervisors


      20 March 2020
China Merchants Bank     IX Financial Statements         145
Annual Report 2019



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                       146


Financial Statements and Notes Thereto             152


Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information      305
(See Annexures)
146   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(20)I00024




      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 152 to 304, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow
      statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board
      for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                   147
Annual Report 2019

                                                                                                                       DTTHK(A)(20)I00024
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowance of loans and advances
  to customers at amortised cost and debt investments
  at amortised cost

We identified expected credit loss (ECL) allowance of loans                    Our audit procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
and advances to customers at amortised cost and debt                           allowance of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost as a key audit matter due                        cost and debt investments at amortised cost included the
to the materiality of the balances of these financial assets                   following:
and judgement involved in deriving the ECL estimates.
An expected credit loss model was applied by the Group                         We understood management’s process and tested the
to estimate ECLs, which involves significant management                        design and operating effectiveness of key controls across
judgement and estimates in model design, its application                       the processes relevant to the ECL estimation of the Group.
and inputs.                                                                    These controls included the validation and review of the ECL
                                                                               model; the controls over the model data input, including
As at 31 December 2019, as set out in note 22, the Group                       manual controls and automated controls; the automated
reported loans and advances to customers at amortised                          controls over the ECL model calculation process; the controls
cost of RMB4,230,285 million and RMB222,899 million of                         over the identification of SICR indicators and impairment
expected credit loss allowance. Whilst as set out in note                      evidence.
23(b), the Group reported debt investments at amortised
cost of RMB935,288 million and expected credit loss                            We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
allowance of RMB14,060 million.                                                Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
                                                                               into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
K e y j u d g e m e n t s a n d e s t i m a t e s i n re s p e c t o f t h e   loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and
measurement of ECLs include: the criteria selected                             debt investments at amortised cost, we involved our
to identify a significant increase in credit risk (SICR);                      internal modelling specialist to assist us in assessing the
the identification of credit impairment events; the                            appropriateness of the Group’s methodology of ECL
determination of inputs used in the ECL model, as well as                      modelling. We reviewed relevant documents and evaluated
the determination of the forward-looking information to                        the appropriateness and application of the ECL model.
incorporate.
                                                                               With the support of our internal modelling specialist,
Principal accounting policies, accounting estimates and                        we assessed the reasonableness of the key definitions,
judgement applied in determining the loss allowance of                         parameters and assumptions used in the ECL model. This
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and                          included assessing stage determination, probability of
debt investments at amortised cost are set out in notes                        default, loss given default, exposure at default and forward-
4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial statements.                        looking information. We selected samples to conduct
                                                                               credit reviews in order to assess whether the significant
                                                                               judgements made by the management regarding SICR
                                                                               and credit impairment events had occurred and were
                                                                               appropriately and timely recognized are appropriate. In
                                                                               addition, we tested the input data samples of the ECL
                                                                               model to evaluate the completeness and accuracy of the
                                                                               data input. We also tested the calculation of the ECL model
                                                                               on a sample basis. For the loans and advances at amortised
                                                                               cost and debt investments at amortised cost at stage 3, we
                                                                               selected samples to test the reasonableness of future cash
                                                                               flows from the borrowers estimated by the Group, including
                                                                               the expected recoverable amount of collateral, to assess
                                                                               whether there were material misstatements in the loss
                                                                               allowance.
148   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019

                                                                                                                 DTTHK(A)(20)I00024
      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Valuation of financial instruments

      The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments,                Our audit procedures in relation to the valuation of the fair
      measured at fair value, is based on a combination of               value of financial instruments included the following:
      market data and valuation models which require a
      considerable number of inputs. Most of these inputs are            We understood and tested the design and operating
      obtained from readily available data, in particular for            effectiveness of key internal controls over the determination
      level 1 and level 2 financial instruments, the valuation           of valuation model and valuation of the financial instrument
      techniques for which use quoted market prices and                  at fair value.
      observable inputs, respectively. Where observable data
      is not readily available, as in the case of level 3 financial      We evaluated the valuation techniques through comparison
      instruments, estimates are required to determine the               with the valuation techniques commonly used in the
      unobservable inputs, which involve significant management          markets, assessed inputs and assumptions for validity, and
      judgement.                                                         against alternative pricing or data sources. Market data
                                                                         inputs are validated using external observable market data.
      We identified the valuation of financial instruments as a
      key audit matter due to the materiality of the balances            We assessed the level 1 fair values, on a sample basis, by
      and the complexity involved in valuing certain financial           comparing the fair values applied by the Group with publicly
      instruments, of which significant judgement and estimation         available market data.
      are required in determining the valuation technique and
      the inputs used in the valuation models.                           With the support of our internal valuation specialists, we
                                                                         performed independent valuations, on a sample basis, for
      As at December 31, 2019, as set out in note 60(g) the              financial instruments of which the determination of the
      Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value   fair value involves significant management judgement and
      totalled RMB1,177,342 million and RMB66,634 million                estimates, and compared our results with those of the
      respectively, accounting for 16% and 1% of total assets            Group’s.
      and liabilities of the Group respectively.

      Significant estimates applied in fair value of financial
      instruments and the disclosure of fair value are set out
      in notes 5(5) and 60(g) to the consolidated financial
      statements.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                             149
Annual Report 2019

                                                                                                         DTTHK(A)(20)I00024
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Consolidation of Structured Entities

We identified consolidation of structured entities as an        Our audit procedures in relation to consolidation of
area of key audit matter since significant judgment is          structured entities included the following:
applied by management to determine whether or not the
Group has control of certain structured entities.               We understood and tested the design and operating
                                                                effectiveness of key controls over the management process
The structured entities include the wealth management           in determining the consolidation scope for interests in
products, asset management schemes, mutual funds,               structured entities as well as understood the purpose for
etc. as disclosed in note 64 to the consolidated financial      setting up the structured entities.
statements.
                                                                We also evaluated management judgement in whether
As described in note 4(1), the consolidation of structured      the Group has control in the structured entities and the
entities is determined based on control. Control is             conclusion about whether or not the consolidation criteria is
achieved when the investor has power over the investee,         met, with assessment, on a sample basis, of the terms of the
the investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns     relevant contracts, including the rights to variable returns of
from its involvement with the investee; and the investor        the structured entities and the ability of the Group to use its
has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. When    power to affect its return.
performing the assessment of whether the Group has
control of structured entities, the Group considers several
factors including, among other things, the scope of its
decision-making authority over the structured entities, the
rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for
the assets management services and the Group’s exposure
to variability of returns from interests that it holds in the
structured entities.
150   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019

                                                                                                                DTTHK(A)(20)I00024
      Other Information
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.
      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
      we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
      that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
      the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
      internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
      statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
      to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
      responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
      level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
      misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
      the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
      consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                             151
Annual Report 2019

                                                                                                          DTTHK(A)(20)I00024
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
       based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
       may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.
•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Eric Tong.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


20 March 2020
152   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        Notes      2019        2018
      Interest income                                                      6     292,994     270,911
      Interest expense                                                     7    (119,904)   (110,527)
      Net interest income                                                       173,090     160,384
      Fee and commission income                                            8     79,047      73,046
      Fee and commission expense                                                 (7,554)     (6,566)
      Net fee and commission income                                              71,493      66,480
      Other net income                                                     9     23,482      20,271
      – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                         146        (350)
      Operating income                                                          268,065     247,135
      Operating expenses                                                  10    (91,497)    (81,110)
      Operating profit before impairment losses                                 176,568     166,025
      Expected credit losses                                              14    (61,066)    (60,829)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                             (93)         (8)
      Share of profit of joint ventures                                   25      1,686       1,272
      Share of profit of associates                                       26         37          37
      Profit before taxation                                                    117,132     106,497
      Income tax                                                          15    (23,709)    (25,678)
      Profit for the year                                                        93,423      80,819
      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Bank                                            92,867      80,560
      Non-controlling interests                                                     556         259
      Earnings per share
      Basic and diluted (RMB)                                             17        3.62        3.13

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                  153
Annual Report 2019



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  Notes    2019      2018
Profit for the year                                                       93,423    80,819
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax and
   reclassification adjustments
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
   Equity-accounted investees share of other
  comprehensive income                                              25      368        (36)
   Fair value gain on debt instruments measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                      1,640     6,243
   Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
   measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                 626      496
   Cash flow hedge: net movement in hedging reserve                         (102)     149
   Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
   of foreign operations                                                    497      1,995
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
   Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                       729       332
   Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                 1       (62)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                 16     3,759     9,117
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Bank                                            3,693     9,094
Non-controlling interests                                                     66        23
Total comprehensive income for the year                                   97,182    89,936
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Bank                                           96,560    89,654
Non-controlling interests                                                    622       282

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
154   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2019
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        Notes        2019        2018
      Assets
      Cash                                                                          15,306      15,814
      Precious metals                                                                4,094       6,638
      Balances with central banks                                         18       552,590     477,568
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                19       106,113     100,160
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions              20       307,433     313,411
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                21       108,961     199,386
      Loans and advances to customers                                     22     4,277,300   3,749,949
      Investments at fair value through profit or loss                  23(a)      398,276     330,302
      Derivative financial assets                                       60(f)       24,219      34,220
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                23(b)      921,228     916,012
      Debt investments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                            23(c)    478,856     421,070
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                           23(d)       6,077       4,015
      Interest in joint ventures                                          25       10,324       8,622
      Interest in associates                                              26          460         249
      Investment properties                                               27        1,925       2,061
      Property and equipment                                              28       66,408      56,206
      Right-of-use assets                                               29(a)      20,000         N/A
      Intangible assets                                                   30        4,575       9,150
      Goodwill                                                            31        9,954       9,954
      Deferred tax assets                                                 32       65,151      58,374
      Other assets                                                        33       37,990      32,568
      Total assets                                                               7,417,240   6,745,729

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                         155
Annual Report 2019


                                                                    Notes                 2019         2018
Liabilities
Borrowing from central banks                                                            359,175      405,314
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                    34              555,581      470,826
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                  35              165,921      203,950
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              36               43,434       44,144
Derivative financial liabilities                                      60(f)              23,200       36,570
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                37               63,233       78,141
Deposits from customers                                                 38            4,874,981    4,427,566
Salaries and welfare payable                                          39(a)              11,638        8,475
Tax payable                                                             40               19,069       20,411
Contract liabilities                                                    41                6,488        5,607
Lease liabilities                                                     29(b)              14,379          N/A
Provisions                                                              42                6,109        5,665
Debt securities issued                                                  43              578,191      424,926
Deferred tax liabilities                                                32                  956        1,211
Other liabilities                                                       44               77,178       69,318
Total liabilities                                                                     6,799,533    6,202,124
Equity
Share capital                                                          45                25,220      25,220
Other equity instruments                                                                 34,065      34,065
  – Preference shares                                                  46                34,065      34,065
Capital reserve                                                        47                67,523      67,523
Investment revaluation reserve                                         48                 8,919       5,532
Hedging reserve                                                        49                   (39)         63
Surplus reserve                                                        50                62,291      53,682
Regulatory general reserve                                             51                90,151      78,542
Retained profits                                                                        291,346     250,654
Proposed profit appropriations                                        52(b)              30,264      23,707
Exchange reserve                                                        53                1,561       1,130
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                   611,301     540,118
Non-controlling interests                                                                 6,406       3,487
  – Non-controlling interest                                                              2,427       2,329
  – Perpetual debt capital                                            62(a)               3,979       1,158
Total equity                                                                            617,707     543,605
Total equity and liabilities                                                          7,417,240    6,745,729

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 20 March 2020.




Li Jianhong                                 Tian Huiyu                          Company Chop
Director                                    Director
156   China Merchants Bank                                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                    Non-controlling interests
                                                                             Other            Investment                          Regulatory                Proposed                             Perpetual       Non-
                                                                Share        equity   Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus            general Retained          profit Exchange                        debt controlling
                                                       Notes   capital instruments    reserve     reserve reserve reserve            reserve   profits appropriations reserve       Subtotal        capital interests        Total
      At 1 January 2019                                        25,220       34,065    67,523       5,532         63     53,682        78,542      250,654        23,707     1,130   540,118          1,158         2,329 543,605
      Changes in equity for the year                                –            –         –       3,387       (102)     8,609        11,609       40,692         6,557      431     71,183          2,821            98    74,102
        (a) Net profit for the year                                 –            –         –           –          –          –              –      92,867              –       –     92,867            153           403    93,423
        (b) Other comprehensive income for the year 16              –            –         –       3,364       (102)         –              –           –              –     431      3,693             60             6     3,759
      Total comprehensive income for the year                       –             –        –       3,364       (102)         –              –      92,867              –     431     96,560            213           409    97,182
        (c) Capital contribution from equity holders                –             –        –            –         –          –              –               –          –        –          –         2,761          (168)    2,593
          (i) Non-controlling shareholders’
         contribution to non-wholly
         owned subsidiaries                                         –            –        –            –          –          –             –             –            –        –           –             –             2        2
          (ii) Decrease in non-controlling interests                –            –        –            –          –          –             –             –            –        –           –             –          (170)    (170)
          (iii) Issue of perpetual debt capital                     –            –        –            –          –          –             –             –            –        –           –         2,761             –    2,761
        (d) Profit appropriations                                   –            –        –            –          –      8,609        11,609       (52,152)       6,557        –     (25,377)         (153)         (143) (25,673)
          (i) Appropriations to statutory
         surplus reserve                                 50         –            –        –            –          –      8,609              –          (8,609)         –       –           –              –            –         –
          (ii) Appropriations to regulatory
         general reserve                                 51         –            –        –            –          –          –        11,609       (11,609)            –       –           –              –            –         –
          (iii) Dividends declared and
           paid for the year 2018                                   –            –        –            –          –          –              –               –    (23,707)      –     (23,707)             –         (143) (23,850)
          (iv) Distribution to perpetual
          capital instruments                            62         –            –        –            –          –          –              –            –            –        –           –          (153)            –      (153)
          (v) Proposed dividends for the year 2019                  –            –        –            –          –          –              –      (30,264)      30,264        –           –             –             –         –
          (vi) Dividends paid for preference shares                 –            –        –            –          –          –              –       (1,670)           –        –      (1,670)            –             –    (1,670)
        (e) Transfers within equity upon disposal
          of equity Instruments designated
         at FVTOCI                                                  –            –        –           23          –          –              –             (23)         –       –           –              –            –         –
      At 31 December 2019                                      25,220       34,065    67,523       8,919        (39) 62,291           90,151      291,346        30,264     1,561   611,301          3,979         2,427 617,707

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                  157
Annual Report 2019


                                                                                                                                                 2018
                                                                                               Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                              Non-controlling interests
                                                                         Other              Investment                             Regulatory                          Proposed                           Perpetual           Non-
                                                          Share          equity   Capital   revaluation Hedging       Surplus         general      Retained               profit Exchange                      debt     controlling
                                                 Notes   capital   instruments    reserve       reserve reserve       reserve         reserve        profits      appropriations   reserve    Subtotal       capital      interests      Total
At 1 January 2018                                        25,220        34,065     67,523       (1,444)        (86)    46,159          70,921       210,608              21,185        (843)   473,308         1,170          2,012 476,490
Changes in equity for the year                                –              –         –        6,976        149       7,523            7,621       40,046               2,522      1,973      66,810           (12)           317    67,115
  (a) Net profit for the year                                 –              –         –            –          –            –                –      80,560                   –          –      80,560            64            195    80,819
  (b) Other comprehensive income for the year 16              –              –         –        6,972        149            –                –           –                   –      1,973       9,094           (12)            35     9,117
Total comprehensive income for the year                       –              –         –        6,972        149            –                –      80,560                   –      1,973      89,654            52            230    89,936
  (c) Capital contribution from equity holders                –              –         –            –           –           –                –               –               –           –          –             –             91         91
    (i) Non-controlling shareholders’
   contribution to non-wholly
   owned subsidiaries                                         –              –         –            –           –          –                –             –                  –           –          –             –            125       125
    (ii) Decrease in non-controlling interests                –              –         –            –           –          –                –             –                  –           –          –             –             (34)      (34)
  (d) Profit appropriations                                   –              –         –            –           –      7,523            7,621       (40,510)             2,522           –    (22,844)          (64)             (4) (22,912)
    (i) Appropriations to statutory
   surplus reserve                                 50         –              –         –            –           –      7,523                 –          (7,523)              –           –          –             –              –          –
    (ii) Appropriations to regulatory
    general reserve                                51         –              –         –            –           –           –           7,621           (7,621)              –           –          –             –              –          –
    (iii) Dividends declared and paid for
    the year 2017                                             –              –         –            –           –           –                –               –         (21,185)          –    (21,185)            –              (4) (21,189)
    (iv) Distribution to perpetual
    capital instruments                            62         –              –         –            –           –           –                –            –                  –           –          –           (64)             –         (64)
    (v) Proposed dividends for the year 2018                  –              –         –            –           –           –                –      (23,707)            23,707           –          –             –              –           –
    (vi) Dividends paid for preference shares                 –              –         –            –           –           –                –       (1,659)                 –           –     (1,659)            –              –     (1,659)
  (e) Transfers within equity upon disposal
    of equity Instruments designated
   at FVTOCI                                                  –              –         –            4           –           –                –              (4)              –           –          –             –              –          –
At 31 December 2018                                      25,220        34,065     67,523        5,532          63     53,682          78,542       250,654              23,707      1,130     540,118         1,158          2,329 543,605

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
158   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    2019        2018
      Cash flows from operating activities
      Profit before tax                                                          117,132     106,497
      Adjustments for:
        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                  54,214      59,252
        – Impairment losses on investments and other assets                         6,945       1,585
        – Unwind of discount                                                         (286)       (307)
        – Depreciation of properties and equipment and investment properties        6,379       5,270
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       4,364         N/A
        – Amortisation of other assets                                              1,063       1,005
        – Net gain on debt securities and equity investments                         (867)       (200)
        – Interest income on investments                                          (48,902)    (48,267)
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities                               17,631      14,530
        – Share of profits of associates                                              (37)        (37)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                       (1,686)     (1,272)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets         (382)       (196)
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       557         N/A

      Changes in:
      Balances with central banks                                                 (36,397)     91,162
      Loans and advances to customers                                            (509,737)   (375,451)
      Other assets                                                                 (5,200)    (14,437)
      Deposits from customers                                                     443,748     336,329
      Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions          32,183     (87,461)
      Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions with
        original maturity over 3 months                                             5,917     (21,311)
      Borrowing from central banks                                                (43,625)    (14,693)
      Other liabilities                                                            (4,593)    (48,130)
      Cash generated from operating activities before tax                         38,421        3,868
      Income tax paid                                                             (33,989)    (39,589)
      Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities                        4,432     (35,721)
      Investing activities
      Payment for the purchase of investments                                    (903,854)   (994,234)
      Proceeds from the disposal of investments                                   802,970     980,939
      Investments and net gains received from investments                          49,221      48,692
      Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture          (46)     (2,154)
      Payment for the purchase of properties and equipment and other assets       (23,964)    (17,492)
      Proceeds from the disposal of properties and equipment and other assets       5,063       2,173
      Proceeds from the disposal of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture            39           9
      Proceeds from other investing activities                                          –       1,785
      Net cash (used in) generated from investing activities                      (70,571)    19,718

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                              159
Annual Report 2019


                                                                  Note       2019        2018
Financing activities
Proceeds from the issue of debt securities                                 70,607      73,029
Proceeds from the issue of negotiable interbank certificates
   of deposits                                                             455,128     407,328
Proceeds from the issue of certificates of deposits                         27,631      32,300
Proceeds from the issue of perpetual debt capital                            2,761           –
Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders                                       –         125
Proceeds from other financing activities                                     6,509       2,921
Repayment of debt securities                                               (22,363)    (15,590)
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposits                (351,235)   (342,201)
Repayment of certificates of deposit                                       (30,921)    (28,389)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                              (4,302)        N/A
Payment for acquiring additional non-controlling equity                       (170)        (34)
Dividends paid                                                             (25,673)    (22,912)
Interest paid on financing activities                                      (17,337)    (11,813)
Payment for other financing activities                                        (185)       (431)
Net cash generated from financing activities                              110,450      94,333
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  44,311      78,330
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                 543,683     460,425
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     1,681       4,928
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       55(a)   589,675     543,683
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received                                                         243,249     214,843
Interest paid                                                             101,258      95,349

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
160   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      Notes to the Financial Consolidated Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2019
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


      1.       Organisation and principal activities
      (1)      Organisation
               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
               of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
               the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002.
               On 22 September 2006, the Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
               Limited (the “HKEx”).
               As at 31 December 2019, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the Mainland China, Hong
               Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg ,London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has three representative offices
               in Beijing, New York and Taipei.



      (2)      Principal activities
               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



      2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      (1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
               Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
               and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
               also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKEx.



      (2)      Basis of measurement
               Unless otherwise stated, the consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
               Bank’s functional currency, rounded to the nearest million.
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
               accounting policies below.
               Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
               between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
               estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
               into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
               account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
               purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
               transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
               of IFRS 16 Lease , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
               realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                            161
Annual Report 2019



2.    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
(2)   Basis of measurement (continued)
      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
      the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
      the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
      access at the measurement date;
      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
      liability, either directly or indirectly; and
      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
      The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
      estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
      income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
      other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
      making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
      sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
      the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
      Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
      financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future period are discussed in
      Note 5.



3.    Application of new and amendments to ifrss
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
      IFRS 16                        Leases
      Amendments to IFRS 9           Prepayment features with negative compensation
      IFRIC 23                       Uncertainty over income tax treatments
      Amendments to IAS 19           Plan amendment, curtailment or settlement
      Amendments to IAS 28           Long-term interests in associates and joint ventures
      Amendments to IFRSs            Annual improvements to IFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle


      The new and amendments to IFRSs have been applied in accordance with the relevant transition provisions in the
      respective standards and amendments which results in changes in accounting policies. Except for the new and
      amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the application of the other new and amendments to IFRSs in the current
      year has no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
      (1)       Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 16 Leases
                The Group has applied IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”) for the first time in the current year. IFRS 16 superseded
                IAS 17 Leases (“IAS 17”) and the related interpretations.
                The Group applied the following accounting policies in accordance with the transition provisions of IFRS 16.
                Definition of a lease
                The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as
                leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not apply
                this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the Group has
                not reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application.
                For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a lease
                in accordance with the requirements set out in IFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a lease.
162   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current year applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (1)    Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
                   As a lessee
                   The Group has applied IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial
                   application, 1 January 2019.
                   As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at amounts
                   equal to the related lease liabilities by applying IFRS 16.C8(b)(ii) transition. Any difference at the date of
                   initial application is recognised in the opening retained profits and comparative information has not been
                   restated.
                   When applying the modified retrospective approach under IFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied
                   the following practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, on
                   lease-by-lease basis, to the extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:
                   •         elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends within
                             12 months of the date of initial application.
                   •         applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.
                   •         excluded initial direct costs from the measuring the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application.
                   •         used hindsight, such as in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or
                             terminate the lease.
                   On transition, the Group has made the following adjustments upon application of IFRS 16:
                   The Group recognised lease liabilities of RMB12,807 million and right-of-use assets of RMB19,112 million at
                   1 January 2019.
                   When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has
                   applied incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The
                   weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied is 4.01%.
                                                                                                                                1 January
                                                                                                                                    2019
                   Irrevocable operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018
                      (value added tax included)                                                                                  14,548
                   Less: Value added tax                                                                                            (609)
                   Irrevocable operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018
                      (value added tax excluded)                                                                                  13,939
                   Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                                           12,730
                   Add: Extension options reasonably certain to be exercised                                                          98
                   Less: Recognition exemption – short-term leases                                                                   (18)
                          Recognition exemption – low value assets                                                                    (3)
                   Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognised upon application of IFRS 16                          12,807
                   Add: Obligations under finance leases                                                                               –
                   Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                                         12,807
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                             163
Annual Report 2019



3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
      New and revised IFRSs effective in the current year applied by the Group
      (continued)
      (1)    Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
             As a lessee (continued)
             The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:
                                                                                                                  1 January
                                                                                                                      2019
             Right-of-use assets relating to operating leases recognised upon application of IFRS 16                12,807
             Add: Reclassified from prepaid lease payments                                                           6,400
                   – Land use rights                                                                                 5,412
                   – Others                                                                                            988
             Less: Accrued lease liabilities                                                                           (95)
             Right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019                                                               19,112
             By class:
             – Land use rights                                                                                       5,412
             – Buildings                                                                                            13,690
             – Computer equipment                                                                                        5
             – Motor vehicles and others                                                                                 5


             The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
             position at 1 January 2019. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.
                                                                              Carrying
                                                                              amounts                              Carrying
                                                                             previously                            amounts
                                                                           reported at                        under IFRS 16
                                                                         31 December        Adjustments        at 1 January
                                                                                  2018     under IFRS 16              2019
             Assets
             Right-of-use assets                                                  N/A             19,112            19,112
             Intangible assets                                                  9,150             (5,412)            3,738
             Other assets                                                      32,568               (988)           31,580
             Liabilities
             Lease liabilities                                                    N/A             12,807            12,807
             Other liabilities                                                 69,318                (95)           69,223


             Effective from 1 January 2019, leasehold lands are measured under IFRS 16 at cost less any accumulated
             amortisation and any impairment losses.


             As a lessor
             In accordance with the transitional provisions in IFRS 16, the Group is not required to make any adjustment
             on transition for leases in which the Group is a lessor but account for these leases in accordance with IFRS 16
             from the date of initial application and comparative information has not been restated.
164   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current year applied by the Group
            (continued)
            (1)       Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application on IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
                      Sales and leaseback transactions
                      The Group acts as a buyer-lessor
                      In accordance with the transition provisions of IFRS 16, sale and leaseback transactions entered into before
                      the date of initial application were not reassessed. Upon application of IFRS 16, the Group as a buyer-lessor
                      does not recognise the transferred asset if such transfer does not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue
                      from Contracts with Customers (“IFRS 15”) as a sale.



            Standards and amendments that are not yet effective and have not been
            adopted by the Group
                                                                                                                                      Effective for annual
                                                                                                                                      period beginning
                                                                                                                                      on or after
            IFRS 17                               Insurance Contracts                                                                 1 January 2021

            Amendments to IFRS 10                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its                          a date to be determined
             and IAS 28                           Associate or Joint Venture

            Amendments to IFRS 3                  Definition of a Business                                                            Note

            Amendments to IAS 1                   Definition of Material                                                              1 January 2020
             and IAS 8

            Amendments to IFRS 9,                 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform                                                      1 January 2020
             IAS 39 and IFRS 7

            Amendments to IAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current                            1 January 2022
            Note:     Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period
                      beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

            In addition to the above new and amendments to IFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
            was issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
            IFRS Standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.
            The above new and amendments to IFRSs have not been adopted in advance in the consolidated financial statements
            of this year. The Group anticipates that the application of all new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material
            impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                165
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies
(1)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests and business combination
      Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
      by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
      with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
      the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
      An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
      commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
      profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
      in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
      in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
      result in the group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
      of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
      consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the shareholders
      of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
      the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
      shareholders of the Bank.
      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
      transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
      consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
      or loss is recognised.
      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
      with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at
      the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial
      recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment
      in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


      Business combination
      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
      business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
      the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
      the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
      contingent liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
      assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS
      12 – Income Taxes and IAS 19 – Employee Benefits, respectively.
      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration transferred, the fair value of
      any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in
      the acquiree (if any) and (ii) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent
      liabilities incurred or assumed.
      Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
      proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are accounted for at either fair value or the
      non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
      The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
166   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (2)   Joint ventures
            A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, where by the Group has rights to the net
            assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
            Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
            about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
            When judge whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
            –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
            –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                   parties sharing control.
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
            year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
            ventures.
            Interests in the joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost,
            which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
            Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the joint ventures, until the date on which
            significant influence or joint control ceases.
            Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
            of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
            Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
            assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
            of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
            consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
            impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
            and 4(11)).
            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
            recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
            obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
            ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
            substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
            Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
            to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
            impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and no significant impact occurs, it is accounted
            for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss.
            Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this
            amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              167
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(3)   Associates
      Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control, including
      participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
      Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is
      not control or joint control of those policies.
      When judging whether there is a significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
      –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
      –      participation in policy-making processes;
      –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method. Under
      the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the
      acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
      Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
      assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
      of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
      consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year, including
      any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
      and 4(11)).
      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
      recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
      is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
      form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
      extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of
      the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
      entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
      former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
      as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



(4)   Goodwill
      Goodwill represents the excess of
      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
             based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
             held equity interest in the acquiree; over
      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
      When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
      purchase.
      Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
      to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
      combination and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 4(11)).
      On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
      of the profit or loss on disposal.
168   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments
            Initial recognition
            A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
            equity instrument of another enterprise.
            All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
            established by regulation or convention in the market place.
            At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
            receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
            Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities
            (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
            the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
            directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
            recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
            and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
            that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
            that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
            the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net
            carrying amount on initial recognition.


            Classification and measurement of financial assets
            The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
            assets at amortised cost; financial assets fair value through other comprehensive income; and financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss.
            Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
            •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
            Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
            comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                    cash flows and selling; and
            •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
            the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
            income (“OCI”).
            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
            •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
            •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                    together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
            •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
            as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                169
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Amortised cost and interest income
      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
      amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated
      by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
      that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
      the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
      asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
      carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
      the asset is no longer credit impaired.


      Debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified as at FVTOCI
      Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified
      as at FVTOCI as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains
      and losses are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation
      reserve. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing
      the carrying amounts of debt instruments and loan and advances to customers. The amounts that are recognised
      in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt instruments
      and loan and advances to customers had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in investment
      revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.


      Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
      At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an
      instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as
      at FVTOCI. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
      Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
      in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
      cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
      transferred to retained profits.
      Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
      to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
      investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


      Financial assets at FVTPL
      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
      FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
      includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other net income” line item.
170   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Impairment under ECL model
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which are
            subject to impairment under IFRS 9 (including financial assets at amortised cost, debt instruments assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive income), leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts etc.
            The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.
            The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
            months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
            events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
            to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
            as well as the forecast of future conditions.
            For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased
            significantly since initial recognition is performed at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to
            recognize lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the
            initial recognition, the Group makes provision for credit losses according 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant
            increase in credit risk, the group makes provision for the credit losses in accordance with the ECL for the entire
            duration.


            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
            the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
            quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
            has increased significantly are detailed in Note 60(a).


            Credit-impaired financial assets
            The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
            management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
            when its 5-tier loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. Measurement of
            ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
            Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
            interest rate determined at initial recognition.
            For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
            measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IAS 17 Leases.
            For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
            debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected losses is the
            present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that
            the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
            For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
            are due to the Group:
            •      if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
            •      the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
            For investments in debt instruments and loans and advances to customers that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss
            allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying
            amounts of these financial assets. The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is
            recognised in profit or loss and accumulated in provision. The loss allowance for other financial assets which are
            subject to impairment under IFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                     171
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at FVTPL
      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading or (ii) it is designated as
      at FVTPL.
      A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
      •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
              together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
      •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
              hedging instrument.
      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
      recognition if:
      •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
              otherwise arise; or
      •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
              and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
              management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis.
      •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
              combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities including borrowing from central banks, deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
      placements from banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from
      customers are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


      Hedge accounting
      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge. The Group documents
      the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective
      and strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship,. The Group also requires
      documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
      are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items attributable
      to the hedged risks.
172   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Cash flow hedge
            The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
            hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
            loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
            hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods during which the hedged cash
            flow affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
            criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
            transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
            no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss.


            Hedge effectiveness testing
            The Group has elected to adopt the new general hedge accounting in IFRS 9. This requires the Group to ensure that
            hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy and to apply a more
            qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
            changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
            relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and
            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
                   item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
                   to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk
            management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio
            of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.


            Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
            All gains and losses from changes in the fair value of derivatives that are managed in conjunction with financial
            instruments designated at fair value and do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            Specific items
            Cash equivalents
            Cash equivalents comprise balances with banks and the central bank, and short-term, highly liquid investments
            that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
            value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition.


            Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
            Banks represent other banks approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other financial
            institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing companies
            which are registered with and under the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
            (the “CBIRC”) and securities firms and investment fund companies, etc. which are registered with and under the
            supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions are
            accounted for as loans and receivables.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              173
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Specific items (continued)
      Resale and repurchase agreements
      Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
      resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
      “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.
      The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised over
      the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense (as
      appropriate).


      Investments
      Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
      fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
      fair value option.


      Loans and advances to customers
      Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers, participation in syndicated loans and finance leases
      receivables are accounted for as loans and advances to customers.
      Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances customers at fair value through profit or loss
      (loans and advances customers at FVTPL), loans and advances customers at amortised cost, loans and advances
      customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances customers at FVTOCI) in
      accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value option.


      Derivative financial instruments
      The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
      option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own asset and liability management
      purposes. To hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers, the Group enters
      into similar derivative contracts with other banks.
      Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value, with gains and losses arising recognised in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss other than cash flow hedge, for cash flow hedge, the gains and losses arising from the
      effective hedging part recognised in other comprehensive income.


      Embedded derivatives
      Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are not
      separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised cost
      or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within
      the scope of IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
      characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at
      FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit
      or loss unless they form part of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship. Separated embedded derivatives are
      presented in the statement of financial position together with the host contract.
174   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Specific items (continued)
            Equity instruments
            The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
            shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
            instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
            Perpetual debt capitals: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual debt capitals issued or their
            components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
            substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
            (i)    The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
                   another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
                   are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
            (ii)   If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
                   instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
                   equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
                   or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
            Perpetual debt capitals issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on
            the actual amount received. Any distribution of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit
            appropriation. When the perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redemption price is charged to equity.
            Preference shares: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
            as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
            considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            The Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions and other transaction costs
            of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as profit
            distribution at the time of declaration.


            Derecognition of financial instruments
            (a)    Financial Assets
                   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
                   is derecognised when:
                   –         the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
                   –         the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
                   –         has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                             in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                             Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or the
                             Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
                             financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
                   Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
                   to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
                   transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
                   asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
                   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
                   lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
                   could be required to repay.
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                   financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                   Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               175
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
      (b)    Securitisation
             As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises financial assets, generally through the sale of these
             assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
             be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
             When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
             not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
             When the securitisation results in derecognisation or partial derecognisation of financial assets, the Group
             allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
             and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses on
             securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
             of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
             be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.
             When applying the policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree of
             transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised by the
             Group over the transferred financial assets:
             –         when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                       the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
             –         when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets, the
                       Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
             –         when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                       of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                       assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                       separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                       Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                       continuing involvement in the financial assets.


      (c)    Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
             The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
             substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
             substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not
             derecognise the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset
             at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will
             derecognise the financial asset.


      (d)    Financial liabilities
             A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expired.


      Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when
      there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis
      or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
176   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (6)   Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
            Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
            impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where the fair value
            of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of the lease and
            the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over their following
            estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:
            Land and buildings                                                                                            20 years

            Investment properties                                                                                         20 years

            Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

            Motor vehicles and others                                                                                  3 – 5 years

            Leasehold improvements (leasing property)                                                                      3 years

            Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                 the estimated useful lives


            Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
            comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
            of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
            in progress.
            Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
            probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
            expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
            Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
            between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment, investment property and
            are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



      (7)   Repossessed assets
            In the recovery of impaired loans and receivables, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
            court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly
            realisation of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrowers, repossessed
            assets except the equity instrument are reported in “other assets”.
            Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in note 4(5).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              177
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(8)   Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
      impairment losses (see Note 4(11)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or
      loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
      Land use rights are stated at cost, amortised on a straight-line basis over the respective lease periods.
      Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
      intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of reporting period.
      The amortization period of intangible assets is as follow:
      Land use right                          Software and Others                     Core deposit
      30~50 years                             2~20 years                              28 years


      Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.



(9)   Leases
      Definition of a lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
      period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
      the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms
      and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


      As a lessee
      (a)    Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
             For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
             the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
             stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


      (b)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
             The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
             arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
             do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is below equivalent to
             RMB35,000).
             Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a
             straightline basis over the lease term.
178   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)   Leases (continued)
            As a lessee (continued)
            (c)    Right-of-use assets
                   The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                   The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
                   •         the amount of the initial measurement lease liability; and
                   •         any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                             and
                   •         any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                   •         whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                             site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                             conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37. The costs are included
                             in the related right-of-use asset, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.
                   After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
                   less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.
                   The Group recognises the depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line
                   basis and calculate the depreciation charge into the operating expenses of the consolidated statement of
                   profit or loss. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the
                   underlying asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset
                   reflects that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated
                   over the useful life of the underlying assets.
                   Accounting policies for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in note 4(11).


            (d)    Leasehold land and building
                   For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
                   property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
                   reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
                   for as investment properties.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               179
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(9)   Leases (continued)
      As a lessee (continued)
      (e)    Lease liabilities
             The lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
             The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
             commencement date using its incremental borrowing rate.
             Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
             •         Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
             •         Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                       the commencement date;
             •         The exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
             •         Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                       terminate the lease; and
             •         The amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
             The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the
             lease liability (using the effective interest method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease
             payments made the Group remeasures the lease liability and makes a corresponding adjustment to the
             related right-of-use asset whenever:
             •         The lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
                       in which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                       revised discount rate.
             •         The lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                       under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                       the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                       from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                       changes in the interest rate.


      As a lessor
      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
      transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
      All other leases are classified as operating leases.
      Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
      in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
      income under finance leases are amortised using an effective interest rate method over the lease term. Accounting
      policies for impairment losses are disclosed in note 4(5).
180   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)   Leases (continued)
            As a lessor (continued)
            When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating leases is recognised in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. Initial direct costs
            incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
            in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
            profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.
            When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
            under the contract to each component. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of
            their relative stand-alone selling prices.


            Sale and leaseback transactions
            The Group acts as a buyer-lessor
            For a transfer of asset that does not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of asset, the
            Group as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises loan and advance to customers
            equal to the transfer proceeds within the scope IFRS 9.



      (10) Insurance contracts
            Insurance contracts classification
            Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant insurance risk, relative to an
            insured event or occurrence. When necessary, the Group enters into reinsurance contracts to transfer insurance risks
            to reinsurer. A significant insurance risk test is performed at inception of the insurance contracts.


            Insurance income recognition
            Premiums from long-term life insurance contracts are recognized as revenue when due from policy holders.
            Premiums related to short-term non-life insurance contracts are recognized when received at the inception of the
            policy, as unearned insurance premiums in the consolidated statement of financial position, and are amortized
            on a straight-line basis into the consolidated income statement over the term of the policy. When the Group has
            transferred insurance risk through reinsurance contracts, the Group calculates the amount of premium ceded and
            the reinsurers’ share of expenses and recognizes them through the consolidated income statement in accordance
            with the terms of the reinsurance contracts.


            Insurance contract liabilities
            Insurance contract liabilities are measured based on a reasonable estimate of the amount of payments that the
            Group will be required to make to fulfil its obligations under the insurance contracts, which represents the difference
            between expected future cash outflows and inflows related to such contracts. A reasonable estimate of expected
            future net cash flows is determined based on information currently available as at the end of the reporting period.
            The Group has considered the impact of time value in the liability calculation for long-term life insurance. The
            Group performs liability adequacy tests based on information currently available, as at the reporting date. Additional
            insurance contract liabilities should be recorded if any deficiency exists.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                181
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(11) Impairment on tangible, intangible assets other than impairment under ECL
     model
      The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under ECL model is reviewed
      periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the carrying amount, including
      property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, interest in joint ventures,
      interest in associates, good will and other non-current assets. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying
      amount is reduced to the recoverable amount. The amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense
      and present value of future expected cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
      discounted to their present values.
      Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify indications
      that other assets may be impaired.
      If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
      that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
      estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


      –      Calculation of recoverable amount
             The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value net disposal
             expense and the present value of future cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
             are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
             of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
             largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group
             of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


      –      Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
             amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
             Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
             amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
             carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
             if determinable.



(12) Precious metals
      Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and
      subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals that are related to the Group’s
      trading activities are initially recognized at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from re-measurement
      recognized directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
182   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (13) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
            Financial guarantees issued
            Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
            reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
            make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
            issued is confirmed in the statement of financial position in accordance with note 4(5).


            Other provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
            obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
            required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
            provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits
            is remote.



      (14) Income recognition
            Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
            increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


            Net Interest income
            Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
            “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
            on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
            is recognized in “Other net income”.


            Dividend income
            Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the underlying investment is declared ex-dividend.
            Where the investments are unlisted, interim dividend income is recognised when declared by the Board of Directors
            of the investees. Final dividend income is recognised only when the amount proposed by the Board of Directors of
            the investees is approved by shareholders at general meetings.


            Rental income
            Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the
            straight-line method over the lease term.


            Premium income
            Premium income represents gross insurance premium written less reinsurance ceded, as adjusted for unearned
            premium. Gross premiums written are recognised at date of risk inception.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              183
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(14) Income recognition (continued)
      Fee and commission income
      Under IFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
      of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
      of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
      obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone
      selling price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
      The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
      at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
      to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
      techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
      consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
      to the customer.
      For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
      be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
      better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
      probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
      associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
      updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable
      consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and
      the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.
      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
      •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
             Group performs;
      •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
      •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
             enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
      service.
      If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognizes revenue in accordance with the progress towards
      complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
      obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
      of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
      promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
184   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (14) Income recognition (continued)
            Fee and commission income (continued)
            If a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, it is satisfied at a point in time. To determine the point in time
            at which a customer obtains control of a promised service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should
            also be considered; these include, but are not limited to:
            •      The Group has a present right to payment for the services;
            •      The Group has transferred physical possession of the service;
            •      The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the service;
            •      The customer has accepted the services.
            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
            nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
            principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service
            by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another
            party before that goods or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises
            revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the
            specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.
            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
            transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9. In
            contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is
            required before payment of that consideration is due.
            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
            has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



      (15) Taxation
            Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
            equity.
            Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
            enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
            the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
            Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. The amount of deferred tax provided is
            based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
            rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
            discounted.
            A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
            against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
            that the related tax benefit will be realised.
            The Group shall recognise a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except to the extent that both of the following conditions
            are satisfied: the parent, investor, joint venturer or joint operator is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
            temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                185
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(15) Taxation (continued)
      Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
      and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
      deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
      liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
      –      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
             the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
      –      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
             authority on either:
             –         the same taxable entity; or
             –         different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                       liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                       settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



(16) Foreign currencies translations
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
      entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
      transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
      at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
      currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary
      items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
      Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
      Exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to the effective portion of the hedge certain foreign
      currency risks.
      Exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
      neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are
      recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on repayment of the
      monetary items.
      For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
      foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
      period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
      fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
      Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
      reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
      On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
      of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to profit or loss.
186   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (17) Employee benefits
            Salaries and staff welfare
            Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
            employees.


            Post employment benefits
            The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
            provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
            jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
            The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
            the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
            and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
            The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
            credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
            the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds form the plan or reductions in
            future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits consideration is given to any
            applicable minimum funding requirements.
            Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
            assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
            in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
            liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
            beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
            in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
            interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
            past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
            and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


            Share-based payment
            The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
            Senior Management (“the Scheme”), the Scheme is settle by cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured
            at the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the price of the share. The
            Group recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability,
            at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end
            of each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value
            of the liability at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in
            profit or loss for the period.
            The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
            condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             187
Annual Report 2019



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(18) Related parties
      For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
      the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over
      the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject
      to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key
      management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include
      entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals,
      and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a
      related party of the Group.



(19) Segmental reporting
      Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
      identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
      the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
      geographical locations.Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
      unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
      services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
      products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
      individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



(20) Fiduciary activities
      The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
      and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
      financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
      commission.



(21) Dividends or profit distributions
      Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.
188   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements
            In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
            of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
            assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
            historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
            and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
            policies.



      (1)   Control over structured entity
            Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgment on whether it is the
            principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
            When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among other things, the scope of
            its decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which
            it is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
            variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



      (2)   Classification of financial assets
            Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI
            and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
            financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes judgement
            reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and their performance
            measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed and how the managers
            of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that
            are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the reason for their disposal and whether the reasons
            are consistent with the objective of the business for which the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s
            continuous assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to
            be appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective
            change to the classification of those assets.



      (3)   De-recognition of financial assets transferred
            In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
            including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
            Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which qualify for a
            full de-recognition.
            Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
            Group analyzes whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
            that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these structured
            entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated
            level or at the entity level from which the financial assets are transferred.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              189
Annual Report 2019



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(3)   De-recognition of financial assets transferred (continued)
      The Group analyzes the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
      the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
      •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
             qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties.
      •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
             Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before and after
             the transfers and other factors that effect the outcomes of Group’s assessment on the extent that risks and
             rewards are transferred.



(4)   Impairment under ECL model
      •      Significant increase of credit risk: ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1
             assets, or lifetime ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk
             has increased significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has
             significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable
             forward looking information. Refer to note 60(a) for more details.
      •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
             basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)
             for details of the characterics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
             credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
             in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
             assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
             reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to lifetime
             ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue
             to be measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the
             credit risk of the portfolios differ.
      •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in measuring fair value
             of financial assets as well as in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most appropriate
             model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
             assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. See Note 60(a) for more details on ECL and Note 60(g)
             for more details on fair value measurement.
      •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward
             looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
             and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a) for more details.
      •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
             of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
             expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) for more details.
      •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
             between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
             account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a) for more details.
190   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (5)   Fair value of financial instruments
            For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
            instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
            market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments and discounted cash flow analysis and
            option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed
            by qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the area that constructed the
            valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to
            ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make the maximum
            use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be noted that
            some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates. Management
            estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is measured using
            third party information such as brokerage quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate the evidence
            obtained from third parties to support the conclusion.



      (6)   Income taxes
            Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
            Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment
            of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred tax
            assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets
            can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
            unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable
            profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it
            becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.



      (7)   Impairment of goodwill
            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
            that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the groups to
            which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make an estimate of the
            expected future cash flows from groups and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
            value of those cash flows.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                  191
Annual Report 2019



6.    Interest income
                                                                                                                     2019                       2018
      Loans and advances to customers                                                                            221,979                    196,370
        – Corporate loans                                                                                         78,914                     73,954
        – Retail loans                                                                                           134,763                    113,698
        – Discounted bills                                                                                         8,302                      8,718
      Balances with central banks                                                                                  7,759                      7,961
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                         1,882                      1,980
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                       8,170                      8,802
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                         4,302                      7,531
      Investments                                                                                                 48,902                     48,267
        – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                              13,821                     12,256
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                      35,081                     36,011
      Total                                                                                                      292,994                    270,911

      Note: The Group recognized RMB 286 million interest income on impaired loans and advances to customers (2018: RMB 307 million), RMB 5 million
            interest income on impaired debt securities investments (2018: nil), and RMB 9,577 million on loans and advances to customers at fair value
            through other comprehensive income (2018: RMB 9,462 million).




7.    Interest expense
                                                                                                                     2019                       2018
      Deposits from customers                                                                                      73,430                     61,987
      Borrowing from central banks                                                                                  9,207                     10,982
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                         10,269                     12,166
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                        6,406                      7,294
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                      2,404                      3,568
      Debt securities issued                                                                                       17,631                     14,530
      Lease liabilities                                                                                               557                        N/A
      Total                                                                                                      119,904                    110,527




8.    Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                     2019                       2018
      Bank cards fees                                                                                              19,551                     16,727
      Remittance and settlement fees                                                                               11,492                     10,267
      Agency services fees                                                                                         13,681                     13,091
      Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                       6,310                      6,807
      Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                                                23,560                     23,370
      Others                                                                                                        4,453                      2,784
      Total                                                                                                        79,047                     73,046
192   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      9.    Other net income
                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
            Profit (loss) from fair value change                                                                                  384                1,091
              – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                                      1,112                1,803
              – derivatives instruments                                                                                          (255)                  52
              – precious metals                                                                                                  (473)                (764)
            Investment income                                                                                                  14,048               11,327
              – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                                 11,030                9,734
              – gain on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                                            146                 (350)
              – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                                  2,457                1,816
                    – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                       1,941                1,742
              – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                                      170                  154
              – others                                                                                                            245                  (27)
            Foreign exchange gain                                                                                               3,259                3,538
            Other income                                                                                                        4,870                3,889
              – rental income                                                                                                   4,488                3,555
              – insurance income                                                                                                  382                  334
            Others                                                                                                                921                  426
            Total                                                                                                              23,482               20,271




      10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
            Staff costs
              – Salaries and bonuses (note (i))                                                                                37,267               33,077
              – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                           6,470                5,777
              – Others                                                                                                          7,702                7,171
            Subtotal                                                                                                           51,439               46,025
            Tax and surcharges                                                                                                  2,348                2,132
            Depreciation of property, equipment and investment properties                                                       6,379                5,270
            Amortization of intangible assets                                                                                   1,014                  983
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                 4,364                  N/A
            Short-term leases expenses and leases of low-value assets expenses                                                    302                  N/A
            Rental expenses                                                                                                       N/A                4,242
            Charge for insurance claims                                                                                           245                  244
            Other general and administrative expenses (note (ii))                                                              25,406               22,214
            Total                                                                                                              91,497               81,110

            Notes:

            (i)      Performance bonus is included in the salaries and bonuses, the details of which are disclosed in Note 39(a).

            (ii)     Auditors’ remuneration amounted to RMB31 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB30 million), is included in other general
                     and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                          193
Annual Report 2019



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
      The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year are as follows:

                                                                                 2019
                                                                 Salaries,
                                                              allowances                        Retirement
                                              Directors’     and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                      fees        in kind         bonuses     contributions          Total
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                        (i)
      Executive directors
      Tian Huiyu                                        –           4,620                –               38         4,658
      Liu Jianjun (ii)                                  –           3,360                –               38         3,398
      Wang Liang (ii)                                   –           3,360                –               38         3,398
      Subtotal                                          –         11,340                 –              114        11,454

      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
      affairs of the Bank and the Group.
      Non-executive directors
      Li Jianhong                                       –               –                –                –             –
      Fu Gangfeng                                       –               –                –                –             –
      Zhou Song                                         –               –                –                –             –
      Hong Xiaoyuan                                     –               –                –                –             –
      Zhang Jian                                        –               –                –                –             –
      Su Min                                            –               –                –                –             –
      Wang Daxiong                                      –               –                –                –             –
      Luo Sheng (iii)                                   –               –                –                –             –
      Subtotal                                          –               –                –                –             –

      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
      Independent non-executive
        directors and supervisors
      Liang Jinsong                                   500               –                –                –           500
      Zhao Jun                                        500               –                –                –           500
      Wong See Hong                                   500               –                –                –           500
      Li Menggang                                     500               –                –                –           500
      Liu Qiao                                        500               –                –                –           500
      Tian Hongqi (iv)                                203               –                –                –           203
      Liu Yuan                                          –           3,780                –               38         3,818
      Peng Bihong (v)                                   –               –                –                –             –
      Wen Jianguo                                       –               –                –                –             –
      Wu Heng                                            –              –                –                    –         –
      Ding Huiping                                    400               –                –                    –       400
      Han Zirong                                      400               –                –                    –       400
      Xu Zhengjun (vi)                                200               –                –                    –       200
      Wang Wanqing                                       –          2,868                –               38         2,906
      Liu Xiaoming (vii)                                 –          1,395                –               23         1,418
      Subtotal                                    3,703             8,043                –               99        11,845

      The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
      employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
194   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                               Salaries,
                                                                                           allowances                                     Retirement
                                                                     Directors’          and benefits           Discretionary                   scheme
                                                                             fees                in kind               bonuses         contributions                 Total
                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (i)
            Former Executive, non-executive
                    directors and supervisors
            Li Hao (viii)                                                         –                1,400                         –                     12            1,412
            Sun Yueying (ix)                                                      –                      –                       –                       –                 –
            Pan Chengwei (iv)                                                 297                        –                       –                       –             297
            Fu Junyuan (x)                                                        –                      –                       –                       –                 –
            Jin Qingjun (xi)                                                  200                        –                       –                       –             200
            Huang Dan (xii)                                                       –                   718                        –                     18              736
            Subtotal                                                          497                  2,118                         –                     30            2,645

            The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors or supervisors of the Bank.
            Total                                                          4,200                 21,501                          –                   243           25,944

            Notes:

            (i)         The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                        remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

            (ii)        In June 2019, Mr. Liu Jianjun and Mr. Wang Liang were newly elected as the executive directors of the Bank, and their qualifications for the
                        post of directors were approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in August 2019.

            (iii)       In June 2019, Mr. Luo Sheng was elected as a non-executive director of the Bank, and his qualification for the post of director has been
                        approved by the CBRC in July 2019.

            (iv)        Mr. Tian Hongqi was newly elected as an independent non-executive director of the Bank. His qualification for the position of independent
                        director has been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in August 2019. At the same time, Mr. Pan Chengwei
                        will no longer be an independent non-executive director of the Bank at the end of his term of office.

            (v)         In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders of the Bank, Mr. Peng Bihong was newly
                        elected as the shareholder supervisor of the Bank.

            (vi)        In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders of the Bank, Mr. Xu Zhengjun was newly
                        elected as the external supervisor of the Bank, with the term of office effective from June 27, 2019.

            (vii)       In June 2019, according to the election results of the Bank’s staff congress, Mr. Liu Xiaoming was newly elected as the Bank’s staff supervisor,
                        with the term of office effective from June 27, 2019.

            (viii)      In April 2019, Mr. Li Hao retired and resigned as the executive director of the Bank.

            (ix)        In June 2019, Ms. Sun Yueying ceased to be a non-executive director of the Bank after the end of her term of office.

            (x)         In February 2019, Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as the shareholder supervisor of the Bank for work reasons.

            (xi)        In June 2019, due to the expiration of his term of office, Mr. Jin Qingjun will no longer serve as the external supervisor of the Bank after the
                        end of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders.

            (xii)       In June 2019, due to the expiration of her term of office, Ms. Huang Dan will no longer serve as the employee supervisor of the Bank after the
                        end of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders.

            (xiii)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                        Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                            195
Annual Report 2019



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                      2018
                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                    allowances                        Retirement
                                                      Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary         scheme
                                                           fees         in kind        bonuses      contributions      Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                              (i)
      Executive directors
      Tian Huiyu                                              –          4,620                 –              70      4,690
      Li Hao                                                  –          4,200                 –              90      4,290
      Subtotal                                                –          8,820                 –             160      8,980
      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
      affairs of the Bank and the Group.
      Non-executive directors
      Li Jianhong                                             –               –                –               –          –
      Sun Yueying                                             –               –                –               –          –
      Fu Gangfeng                                             –               –                –               –          –
      Zhou Song (ii)                                          –               –                –               –          –
      Hong Xiaoyuan                                           –               –                –               –          –
      Su Min                                                  –               –                –               –          –
      Zhang Jian                                              –               –                –               –          –
      Wang Daxiong                                            –               –                –               –          –
      Subtotal                                                –               –                –               –          –
      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
      Independent non-executive
         directors and supervisors
      Liang Jinsong                                        500               –                 –               –        500
      Pan Chengwei                                         500               –                 –               –        500
      Zhao Jun                                             500               –                 –               –        500
      Wong See Hong                                        500               –                 –               –        500
      Li Menggang (iii)                                     42               –                 –               –         42
      Liu Qiao (iii)                                        42               –                 –               –         42
      Liu Yuan                                               –           3,780                 –              90      3,870
      Fu Junyuan (iv)                                        –               –                 –               –          –
      Wen Jianguo                                            –               –                 –               –          –
      Wu Heng                                                –               –                 –               –          –
      Jin Qingjun                                          400               –                 –               –        400
      Ding Huiping                                         400               –                 –               –        400
      Han Zirong                                           400               –                 –               –        400
      Wang Wanqing (v)                                       –           1,723                 –              39      1,762
      Huang Dan                                              –           2,152                 –              93      2,245
      Subtotal                                           3,284           7,655                 –             222     11,161

      The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
      employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
196   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                     2018
                                                                                               Salaries,
                                                                                            allowances                                  Retirement
                                                                         Directors’        and benefits         Discretionary               scheme
                                                                               fees             in kind              bonuses          contributions             Total
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (i)
            Former Executive, non-executive
               directors and supervisors
            Li Xiaopeng (vi)                                                       –                    –                       –                    –                –
            Wong Kwai Lam (vii)                                                  500                    –                       –                    –              500
            Pan Yingli (vii)                                                     500                    –                       –                    –              500
            Xu Lizhong (v)                                                         –                1,200                       –                   63            1,263
            Subtotal                                                          1,000                 1,200                       –                   63            2,263
            The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors or supervisors of the Bank.
            Total                                                             4,284               17,675                        –                 445           22,404

            Notes:

            (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                     remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

            (ii)     During the reporting period, the appointment qualification of Mr.Zhou Song was approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                     Commission in October 2018.

            (iii)    During the reporting period, the appointment qualification of Mr.Li Menggang and Liu Qiao were approved by the China Banking and
                     Insurance Regulatory Commission in November 2018.

            (iv)     Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as a shareholder supervisor of the Bank and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors for
                     work reasons, effective since February 28, 2019.

            (v)      In July 2018, Mr. Xu Lizhong, the former employee supervisor, submitted his resignation to the Supervisory Committee of the Bank for work
                     reasons. According to the results of the employee representative meeting held on July 18, 2018, Mr. Wang Wanqing was newly elected as
                     the employee supervisor of the tenth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Bank, and Mr. Xu Lizhong no longer served as employee
                     supervisor of the Bank.

            (vi)     In January 2018, Mr. Li Xiaopeng resigned as the Bank’s vice chairman and non-executive director.

            (vii)    In November 2018, Mr. Wong Kwai Lam and Mrs. Pan Yingli resigned as the Bank’s independent non-executive director.

            (viii)   As at 31 December 2018, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                     Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 39 (a)(iii).

            The number of the Directors and Supervisors whose emoluments are within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                                                     2019                          2018
            HKD
            0 – 500,000                                                                                                                 15                            16
            500,001 – 1,000,000                                                                                                          5                             4
            1,500,001 – 2,000,000                                                                                                        1                             –
            2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                                                        –                             1
            2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                                                        –                             1
            3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                                                        1                             –
            3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                                        2                             –
            4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                                        1                             1
            4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                                        –                             1
            5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                                                        1                             1
            Total                                                                                                                       26                            25

            During the year ended 31 December 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are
            directors or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
            During the year ended 31 December 2019, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived
            or agreed to waive any remuneration.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                        197
Annual Report 2019



12. Individuals with highest emoluments
      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2019, 4 (2018: 3) are directors
      or supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments are included in Note 11 above. The aggregate of the emoluments in
      respect of the five individuals during the year is as follows:
                                                                                               2019                2018
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
      Salaries and other emoluments                                                          21,840               22,680
      Discretionary bonuses (Note 11(i))                                                          –                    –
      Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                  228                  520
      Total                                                                                  22,068               23,200

      The number of the five highest paid individuals whose emoluments fell within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                               2019                 2018
      HKD
      3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                       4                    3
      4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                       1                    1
      4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                       –                    1
      5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                       1                    1

      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the five highest paid individuals include six persons in total as three
      of them are with the same emoluments and being the forth highest paid individuals. During the year ended 31
      December 2018, the five highest paid individuals include six persons in total as three of them are with the same
      emoluments and being the forth highest paid individuals.



13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
      Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                               2019                 2018
      Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
        outstanding at year end                                                                  66                   47
      Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by
       the Group outstanding during the year                                                     71                   54
198   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
            Loans and advances to customers (Note 22(c))                                                                      54,214              59,252
            Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                             (208)               (368)
            Investments
              – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b))                                                                 5,803               787
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c))                                                                           678               389
            Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
              loan commitments                                                                                                     545              374
            Others                                                                                                                  34              395
            Total                                                                                                             61,066              60,829




      15. Income tax
      (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
            Current income tax expense
              – Mainland China                                                                                                30,296              32,744
              – Hong Kong                                                                                                      1,243               1,017
              – Overseas                                                                                                         130                 216
            Subtotal                                                                                                          31,669              33,977
            Deferred taxation                                                                                                  (7,960)            (8,299)
            Total                                                                                                             23,709              25,678



      (b)   A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
            Profit before taxation                                                                                           117,132             106,497
            Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2018: 25%)                                                       29,283              26,624
            Tax effects of the following items:
              – Effects of non-deductible expenses                                                                              1,298              1,574
              – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                                  (7,738)            (5,917)
              – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions                                                     (417)              (210)
              – Transfer out of previously recognised deferred tax assets                                                       1,320              3,570
              – Others                                                                                                            (37)                37
            Income tax expense                                                                                                23,709              25,678

            Notes:

            (i)      The applicable income tax rate for the Group’s operations in Mainland China is 25% during 2019 (2018: 25%).

            (ii)     Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                 199
Annual Report 2019



16. Other comprehensive income
(a)   Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                    2019                                     2018
                                                     Before-tax Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax   Before-tax   Tax benefit/   Net-of-tax
                                                       amount     (expense)       amount       amount       (expense)      amount
      Items that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss
         – Net fair value gain on debt instruments
          measured at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                     2,189         (549)        1,640        8,494         (2,251)       6,243
         – Net changes in expected credit
          losses of debt instruments
          measured at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                       799         (173)          626          490               6         496
         – Net movement in cash flow
         hedge reserve                                    (115)            13        (102)         180            (31)         149
         – Equity-accounted investees-share
          of other comprehensive income                    368              –         368          (36)              –         (36)
         – Exchange difference on translation
          of financial statements of foreign
         operations                                        497              –         497        1,995               –       1,995
      Items that will not be reclassified
         subsequently to profit or loss
         – Fair value gain on equity
          instruments measured at fair
          value through other
         comprehensive income                              991         (262)          729          439           (107)         332
         – Remeasurement of defined
          benefit scheme redesigned
         through reserve                                      1             –           1          (74)             12         (62)
      Other comprehensive income                         4,730         (971)        3,759       11,488         (2,371)       9,117
200   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      16. Other comprehensive income (continued)
      (b)   Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
            follows:
                                                                                        2019      2018
            Reserve changes in debt instruments at FVTOCI
              Changes in fair value recognised during the year                         3,483     7,605
              Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to
               profit or loss upon disposal                                            (1,843)   (1,362)
            Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
              year recognised in other comprehensive income                            1,640     6,243
            Changes in expected credit losses in financial assets at FVTOCI
              Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year               626       496
            Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
              year recognised in other comprehensive income                              626       496
            Equity instruments measured at fair value through other
              comprehensive income
              Changes in fair value recognised during the year                           729       332
            Net movement in the equity investment revaluation reserve during the
              year recognised in other comprehensive income                              729       332
            Cash flow hedge
              Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments         (101)      106
              Reclassification adjustment for realised (loss) gain to profit or loss      (1)       43
            Net movement in the hedging reserve during the year recognised
              in other comprehensive income                                             (102)      149
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                                          201
Annual Report 2019



17. Earnings per share
      The calculation of basic earnings per share for the years 2019 and 2018 are based on the net profit attributable to
      ordinary shareholders of the Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue during corresponding years.
      There is no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share for the years 2019 and 2018.
                                                                                                                             2019                         2018
      Net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                                                          92,867                       80,560
      Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                                (1,670)                      (1,659)
      Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                        91,197                       78,901
      Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million)                                                             25,220                       25,220
      Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable
        to equity shareholders of the Bank (in RMB)                                                                           3.62                         3.13

      Note:

      The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in year 2017. For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December
      2019 and 2018, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares declared in corresponding years should be deducted from the amounts attributable to
      equity shareholders of the Bank.

      The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not exist as
      at 31 December 2019 and 2018. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the calculation of diluted earnings per share.




18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                             2019                         2018
      Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                               472,533                      438,777
      Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                                 75,077                       36,488
      Fiscal deposits                                                                                                      4,697                        2,056
      Interest receivable                                                                                                    283                          247
      Total                                                                                                              552,590                      477,568

      Notes:

      (i)      Statutory deposit reserve funds are deposited with the PBOC as required and are not available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory
               deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions located in Mainland China are calculated at 10.5% and 5% for eligible RMB deposits and
               foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2019 (2018: 11% and 5% for eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits
               respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from government authorities and other organizations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and
               net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB deposits placed by the financial institutions outside Mainland China.

      (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Mainland China are mainly for clearing and settlement
               purposes.
202   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                       2019       2018
            Principal (a)                                            106,306    100,022
            Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                (372)      (171)
            Subtotal                                                 105,934     99,851
            Interest receivable                                         179         309
            Total                                                    106,113    100,160



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                       2019       2018
            Balances in Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 73,825     60,222
              – Other financial institutions                           2,484      2,833
            Subtotal                                                  76,309     63,055
            Balances outside Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 29,923     36,861
              – Other financial institutions                              74        106
            Subtotal                                                  29,997     36,967
            Total                                                    106,306    100,022
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Banks                                                   (361)      (133)
              – Other financial institutions                             (11)       (38)
            Subtotal                                                    (372)      (171)
            Total                                                    105,934     99,851



      (b)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                       2019       2018
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                     171         138
            Charge for the year (note 14)                               201          43
            Exchange difference                                           –         (10)
            Balance as at the end of the year                           372         171
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                  203
Annual Report 2019



20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                 2019       2018
      Principal (a)                                            306,656    312,559
      Impairment allowances (a)(c)                                (338)      (405)
      Subtotal                                                 306,318    312,154
      Interest receivable                                        1,115      1,257
      Total                                                    307,433    313,411



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                 2019       2018
      Placements in Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 80,251     99,487
        – Other financial institutions                         155,386    136,274
      Subtotal                                                 235,637    235,761
      Placements outside Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 71,019     76,798
      Subtotal                                                  71,019     76,798
      Total                                                    306,656    312,559
      Less: Impairment allowances
        – Banks                                                    (58)      (180)
        – Other financial institutions                            (280)      (225)
      Subtotal                                                    (338)      (405)
      Total                                                    306,318    312,154



(b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                 2019       2018
      Maturing
       – Within one month (inclusive)                          216,735    208,432
       – Between one month and one year (inclusive)             75,796    102,493
       – Over one year                                          13,787      1,229
      Total                                                    306,318    312,154



(c)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                 2019       2018
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                     405         184
      (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                     (68)        218
      Exchange difference                                           1           3
      Balance as at the end of the year                           338         405
204   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                            2019       2018
            Principal (a)                                                 109,353    199,918
            Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                     (396)      (737)
            Subtotal                                                      108,957    199,181
            Interest receivable                                                 4        205
            Total                                                         108,961    199,386



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                            2019       2018
            Amounts held under resale agreements in Mainland China
             – Banks                                                       16,377     47,793
             – Other financial institutions                                92,955    152,125
            Amounts held under resale agreements outside Mainland China
             – Other financial institutions                                    21          –
            Subtotal                                                      109,353    199,918
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Banks                                                        (222)      (229)
              – Other financial institutions                                 (174)      (508)
            Subtotal                                                         (396)      (737)
            Total                                                         108,957    199,181



      (b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                            2019       2018
            Maturing
             – Within one month (inclusive)                               108,014    198,183
             – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                     943        998
            Total                                                         108,957    199,181



      (c)   Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                            2019       2018
            Bonds                                                         107,219    188,429
            Bills                                                           1,738     10,752
            Total                                                         108,957    199,181



      (d)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                            2019       2018
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                           737      1,364
            Release for the year (note 14)                                   (341)      (629)
            Exchange difference                                                 –          2
            Balance as at the end of the year                                396         737
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                   205
Annual Report 2019



22. Loans and advances to customers
(a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                           2019                 2018
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)         4,220,771            3,755,264
        Interest receivable                                                               9,514                8,810
        Subtotal                                                                      4,230,285            3,764,074
        Less: loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at
           amortised cost (i)                                                           (222,756)           (191,772)
        loss allowances of interest receivable                                              (143)               (123)
        Subtotal                                                                        (222,899)           (191,895)
        Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                             4,007,386            3,572,179
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                  264,135              177,367
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                    5,779                  403
        Total                                                                         4,277,300            3,749,949



(i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                           2019                 2018
        Corporate loans and advances                                                  1,858,130            1,745,925
        Retail loans and advances                                                     2,362,616            2,009,339
        Discount bills                                                                       25                    –
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost             4,220,771            3,755,264
        Less: loss allowances
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                  (138,803)           (105,978)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                              (37,644)            (38,517)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                  (46,309)            (47,277)
        Subtotal                                                                        (222,756)           (191,772)
        Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost               3,998,015            3,563,492



(ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                           2019                 2018
        Corporate loans and advances                                                     38,120               27,601
        Discount bills                                                                  226,015              149,766
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                       264,135              177,367
        Loss allowances
             – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                       (213)               (187)
             – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                  (117)                (41)
             – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                       (11)                  –
        Subtotal                                                                            (341)               (228)

        No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
        customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                           2019                 2018
        Corporate loans and advances                                                       5,744                 403
        Interest receivable                                                                   35                   –
        Subtotal                                                                           5,779                 403
206   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)   Analysis of loans and advances to customers
      (i)   Analysed by industry sector and category:
            Operations in the Mainland China
                                                                                                2019                 2018
            Property development                                                             308,342              262,323
            Transportation, storage and postal services                                      306,642              248,815
            Manufacturing                                                                    240,717              255,683
            Wholesale and retail                                                             151,278              157,984
            Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water            144,530              138,773
            Leasing and commercial services                                                  144,377              124,094
            Construction                                                                      95,279               84,475
            Finance                                                                           63,420               61,963
            Water, environment and public utilities management                                57,044               55,890
            Telecommunications, software and IT services                                      51,406               60,703
            Mining                                                                            29,744               35,349
            Others                                                                            59,640               59,021
            Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                       1,652,419            1,545,073
            Discounted bills                                                                 226,040              149,766
            Residential mortgage                                                           1,098,673              921,500
            Credit cards                                                                     670,922              575,299
            Micro-finance loans                                                              405,155              349,009
            Others                                                                           152,193              141,835
            Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                          2,326,943            1,987,643
            Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                4,205,402            3,682,482



            Operations outside Mainland China
                                                                                                2019                 2018
            Finance                                                                           63,286               52,174
            Property development                                                              60,035               54,167
            Transportation, storage and postal services                                       30,567               38,212
            Leasing and commercial services                                                   28,992                2,001
            Manufacturing                                                                     20,994               26,860
            Wholesale and retail                                                              11,579               12,505
            Mining                                                                             9,445                2,196
            Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water              5,553                7,889
            Telecommunications, software and IT services                                       4,494                9,309
            Construction                                                                       2,196                5,635
            Water, environment and public utilities management                                 1,219                   26
            Others                                                                            11,215               17,882
            Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                         249,575              228,856
            Residential mortgage                                                               9,475                7,260
            Credit cards                                                                         177                  191
            Micro-finance loans                                                                  625                1,525
            Others                                                                            25,396               12,720
            Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                             35,673               21,696
            Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                  285,248              250,552

            As at 31 December 2019, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the People’s
            Republic of China (31 December 2018: over 90%).
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                                                      207
Annual Report 2019



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                       2019                         2018
        Credit loans                                                                                                1,535,977                   1,320,545
        Guaranteed loans                                                                                              636,709                     583,242
        Collateralised loans                                                                                        1,859,500                   1,653,517
        Pledged loans                                                                                                 232,424                     225,964
        Subtotal                                                                                                    4,264,610                   3,783,268
        Discounted bills                                                                                              226,040                     149,766
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                             4,490,650                   3,933,034

        Note:

        During the reporting period, for those business using domestic letter of credit, domestic standby L/C or overseas standby L/C as collateral, the Group
        and the Bank reclassified the type of guarantees from pledged loans to guaranteed loans while restated the figures respectively.

(iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                                                    Overdue                Overdue
                                                                Overdue                from                   from         Overdue                   Total
                                                                  within           3 months            1 year up to       more than               overdue
                                                               3 months         up to 1 year                3 years         3 years                 loans
        Credit loans                                               10,953               10,259                1,745                 677             23,634
        Guaranteed loans                                            2,608                3,952                6,732               3,519             16,811
        Collateralised loans                                        4,691                4,207                3,800               3,068             15,766
        Pledged loans                                                 647                1,870                4,380                 255              7,152
        Gross amount of loans and
          advances to customers                                    18,899               20,288               16,657               7,519             63,363



                                                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                                                      Overdue
                                                                 Overdue                 from          Overdue from          Overdue                  Total
                                                                   within           3 months            1 year up to        more than              overdue
                                                                3 months          up to 1 year               3 years          3 years                loans
        Credit loans                                                 7,645                6,674               1,679                 351             16,349
        Guaranteed loans                                             2,922                4,313               9,441               2,798             19,474
        Collateralised loans                                         4,692                5,306               6,684               3,314             19,996
        Pledged loans                                                4,472                  154               1,326                 232              6,184
        Gross amount of loans and
          advances to customers                                    19,731               16,447               19,130               6,695             62,003

        Note:

        Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

        Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
        are overdue but not impaired at the balance sheet date are as follows:
                                                                                                                31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                       2019                         2018
        Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                            3,904                       3,084
        Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                     682                       4,472
        Total                                                                                                             4,586                       7,556
208   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iv)   Analyzed by ECL
                                                                                     2019
                                                                              –Stage 2
                                                                             (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                 –Stage 1   ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                               (12-month        credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                     ECL)   impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost     4,088,065       80,141          52,565     4,220,771
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                     customers at amortised cost                (138,803)     (37,644)        (46,309)    (222,756)
             Net amount of loans and advances to
               customers at amortised cost                     3,949,262       42,497           6,256     3,998,015
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI           263,144          972              19       264,135
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to
               customers at FVTOCI                                  (213)         (117)            (11)        (341)



                                                                                     2018
                                                                             –Stage 2
                                                                             (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                 –Stage 1   ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                               (12-month        credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                     ECL)   impaired)        impaired)         Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost     3,610,711       90,942          53,611     3,755,264
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                     customers at amortised cost                (105,978)     (38,517)        (47,277)     (191,772)
             Net loans and advances to customers
               at amortised cost                               3,504,733       52,425           6,334     3,563,492
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI           175,078        2,289               –       177,367
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to
               customers at FVTOCI                                  (187)          (41)              –         (228)
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                 209
Annual Report 2019



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
(i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                    2019
                                                                             –Stage 2
                                                                            (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                             –Stage 1      ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                           (12-month           credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                 ECL)      impaired)       impaired)       Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                105,978         38,517          47,277     191,772
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                              3,108         (3,059)            (49)          –
         – Stage 2                                               (605)         1,375            (770)          –
         – Stage 3                                               (684)        (9,480)         10,164           –
       Charge for the year (note 14)                           30,869         10,271          12,961      54,101
       Write-offs/disposes                                          –              –         (32,201)    (32,201)
       Unwinding of discount on allowance                           –              –            (286)       (286)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                   –              –           9,170       9,170
       Exchange difference                                        137             20              43         200
       Balance as at the end of the year                      138,803         37,644          46,309     222,756



                                                                                    2018
                                                                            –Stage 2
                                                                            (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                              –Stage 1     ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                            (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                  ECL)     impaired)        impaired)       Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                 68,107         33,815          49,418     151,340
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                              1,545         (1,462)            (83)          –
         – Stage 2                                             (1,624)         1,951            (327)          –
         – Stage 3                                               (845)        (6,341)          7,186           –
       Charge for the year (note 14)                           38,643         10,505          10,056      59,204
       Write-offs/disposes                                          –              –         (26,197)    (26,197)
       Unwinding of discount on allowance                           –              –            (307)       (307)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                   –              –           7,453       7,453
       Exchange difference                                        152             49              78         279
       Balance as at the end of the year                      105,978         38,517          47,277     191,772



(ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss measured at FVTOCI:
                                                                                           2019            2018
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                              228             180
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                                        113              48
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                    341             228
210   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (d)   Finance leases receivable
            The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable for leases of equipments in which the Group is the
            lessor:
                                                                                                                                                              2019
            Total minimum leases receivable
            Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                                                      30,035
            Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                                                                                     22,547
            Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                                                                                    17,072
            Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                                                                                    12,446
            Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                                     8,880
            Over 5 years                                                                                                                                   30,775
            Subtotal                                                                                                                                      121,755
            Unearned finance income                                                                                                                       (17,822)
            Present value of minimum leases receivable                                                                                                    103,933
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                                                                      (1,965)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                                                                                 (1,608)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                                                                                       (743)
            Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                                                                               99,617

            Note: As stated in note 3(1), the finance leases receivable at 31 December 2019 does not include the receivable of which the group acts as a
                  buyer-lessor during sale and leaseback transactions and the transfer of asset that does not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for
                  as a sale of asset. Meanwhile, in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 16, a maturity analysis showing the total minimum leases receivable
                  on an annual basis for each of the first five years and a total of the amounts for the remaining years is disclosed.

                                                                                                                               2018
                                                                                                                                                Present value of
                                                                                                 Total minimum                Unearned          minimum leases
                                                                                               leases receivable         finance income               receivable
            Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                      37,900                  (4,076)                 33,824
            Over 1 year but within 5 years (inclusive)                                                     84,166                 (11,777)                 72,389
            Over 5 years                                                                                   35,053                  (6,603)                 28,450
            Subtotal                                                                                      157,119                 (22,456)                134,663
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                                                                      (2,411)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL- not credit-impaired)                                                                                                   (492)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL- credit impaired)                                                                                                       (847)
            Net carrying amount of in finance leases receivable                                                                                           130,913
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                     211
Annual Report 2019



23. Investments
                                                                         Notes       2019        2018
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              23(a)    398,276     330,302
      Derivative financial assets                                        60(f)     24,219      34,220
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(b)    921,228     916,012
      Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         23(c)    478,856     421,070
      Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                            23(d)      6,077       4,015
      Total                                                                      1,828,656   1,705,619



(a)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                         Notes       2019        2018
      Investments measured at FVTPL                                       (i)     393,154     316,898
      Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss    (ii)      5,122      13,404
      Total                                                                       398,276     330,302



(i)   Investments measured at FVTPL
      Financial assets held for trading
                                                                                     2019        2018
      Bonds:
        Classified by issuer
         – Government bonds                                                        24,787      21,295
         – Bonds issued by policy banks                                            10,364       9,317
         – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions       20,641      17,460
         – Other debt securities                                                   52,922      48,147
        Subtotal                                                                  108,714      96,219
        Classified by listing
         – Listed in Mainland China                                                92,374      86,565
         – Listed outside Mainland China                                           15,178       8,571
        – Unlisted                                                                  1,162       1,083
        Subtotal                                                                  108,714      96,219
      Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets
         – Equity investments                                                         242         111
         – Investments in funds                                                     4,084       3,306
         – Long position in precious metal contracts                                  183         111
        Subtotal                                                                    4,509       3,528
        Classified by listing
         – Listed in Mainland China                                                   231          84
         – Listed outside Mainland China                                              190         121
        – Unlisted                                                                  4,088       3,323
        Subtotal                                                                    4,509       3,528
      Total financial assets held for trading                                     113,223      99,747
212   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      23. Investments (continued)
      (a)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)   Investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
            Other investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                       2019      2018
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer
               – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     4,294    22,684
               – Other debt securities                                                 5,126     2,344
              Subtotal                                                                 9,420    25,028
              Classified by listing
               – Listed in Mainland China                                              8,950    24,641
               – Listed outside Mainland China                                            71         –
              – Unlisted                                                                 399       387
              Subtotal                                                                 9,420    25,028
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets
               – Non-standard assets – Bills                                         199,817   174,845
               – Equity investments                                                    2,215     1,450
               – Investments in funds                                                 67,615    14,765
               – Wealth management products                                              864     1,060
              – Others                                                                     –         3
              Subtotal                                                               270,511   192,123
              Classified by listing
               – Listed in Mainland China                                                121         –
               – Listed outside Mainland China                                           790         –
              – Unlisted                                                             269,600   192,123
              Subtotal                                                               270,511   192,123
            Total other investments measured at FVTPL                                279,931   217,151
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                     213
Annual Report 2019



23. Investments (continued)
(a)    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(ii)   Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                             2019                  2018
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                        79                2,314
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                1,630                7,382
          – Other debt securities                                                            3,413                3,708
       Total                                                                                 5,122               13,404
         Classified by listing
          – Listed in Mainland China                                                             –                  160
          – Listed outside Mainland China                                                    4,830                5,410
         – Unlisted                                                                            292                7,834
       Total                                                                                 5,122               13,404

       The amounts of changes in the fair value of these investments that are attributable to changes in credit risk are
       considered not significant during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 and as at 31 December 2019 and
       2018.



(b)    Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                             2019                  2018
       Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                                         921,467              911,348
       Interest receivable                                                                 13,821               12,790
       Subtotal                                                                           935,288              924,138
       Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                         (13,995)              (8,080)
       Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                (65)                 (46)
       Subtotal                                                                            (14,060)              (8,126)
       Total                                                                              921,228              916,012
214   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      23. Investments (continued)
      (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (i)   Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                       2019       2018
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer
               – Government bonds                                                    498,310    400,107
               – Bonds issued by policy banks                                        239,480    219,275
               – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    33,026     29,602
               – Other debt securities                                                 7,354      8,942
              Subtotal                                                               778,170    657,926
              Classified by listing
                – Listed in Mainland China                                           772,837    651,347
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                        3,243      3,490
                – Unlisted                                                             2,090      3,089
              Subtotal                                                               778,170    657,926
              Fair value for the listed bonds                                        794,212    666,092
            Other investments:
             Classified by underlying assets
                – Non-standard assets – Bills                                          1,334     43,655
                – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers              138,749    206,229
                – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                   commercial banks                                                    2,650      3,000
                – Others                                                                 564        538
              Subtotal                                                               143,297    253,422
              Classified by listing
                – Unlisted                                                           143,297    253,422
            Total                                                                    921,467    911,348
            Less: loss allowances
              Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                  (9,179)    (3,582)
              Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                              (283)      (517)
              Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit impaired)                                (4,533)    (3,981)
            Net debt investments at amortised cost                                   907,472    903,268
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                             215
Annual Report 2019



23. Investments (continued)
(b)    Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(ii)   Analyzed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                2019
                                                                      –Stage 2            –Stage 3
                                                        –Stage 1 (Lifetime ECL           (Lifetime
                                                      (12-month – not credit-          ECL- credit
                                                            ECL)     impaired)          impaired)      Total
       Debt investments at amortised cost               916,206              580            4,681    921,467
       Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
         at amortised cost                                (9,179)           (283)          (4,533)   (13,995)
       Net debt investments at amortised cost           907,027              297              148    907,472



                                                                                2018
                                                                          –Stage 2       –Stage 3
                                                        –Stage 1    (Lifetime ECL        (Lifetime
                                                      (12-month      – not credit-     ECL- credit
                                                            ECL)         impaired)      impaired)       Total
       Debt investments at amortised cost               906,028            1,037            4,283    911,348
       Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
         at amortised cost                                (3,582)            (517)         (3,981)    (8,080)
       Net debt investments at amortised cost           902,446              520              302    903,268
216   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      23. Investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                        2019
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime           –Stage 3
                                                                –Stage 1       ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                              (12-month            credit-        ECL-credit
                                                                    ECL)       impaired)          impaired)         Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year             3,582              517                3,981       8,080
              Transfer to:
                 – Stage 1                                            1                (1)                  –           –
                 – Stage 2                                            –                 –                   –           –
                 – Stage 3                                           (2)               (1)                  3           –
              Charge (Release) for the year (note 14)             5,593              (232)                442       5,803
              Write-offs                                              –                 –                  (2)         (2)
              Recoveries of debt previously written off               –                 –                 105         105
              Exchange difference                                     5                 –                   4           9
              Balance as at the end of the year                   9,179              283                4,533      13,995



                                                                                              2018
                                                                                   –Stage 2
                                                                                   (Lifetime           –Stage 3
                                                                    –Stage 1      ECL – not            (Lifetime
                                                                  (12-month           credit-        ECL-credit
                                                                        ECL)      impaired)           impaired)      Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                 4,461                  49          2,555      7,065
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                24              (17)               (7)        –
                – Stage 2                                                (3)               6                (3)        –
                – Stage 3                                               (42)              (9)               51         –
              Charge (Release) for the year (note 14)                  (890)             488             1,189       787
              Recoveries of debt previously written off                   –                –               192       192
              Exchange difference                                        32                –                 4        36
              Balance as at the end of the year                       3,582              517             3,981      8,080
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                          217
Annual Report 2019



23. Investments (continued)
(c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                               2019                 2018
       Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                       472,586              414,691
       Interest receivable                                                                    6,270                6,379
       Total                                                                                478,856              421,070
       Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                  (2,600)               (1,897)
       Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                  (1)                  (15)
       Total                                                                                 (2,601)               (1,912)

       No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
       FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(i)    Debt investments at FVTOCI ：
                                                                                               2019                 2018
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer
          – Government bonds                                                                260,092              220,078
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                     66,318               60,365
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions               102,750               98,428
          – Other debt securities                                                            43,426               35,820
       Total                                                                                472,586              414,691
         Classified by listing
          – Listed in Mainland China                                                        323,090              292,347
          – Listed outside Mainland China                                                    54,995               50,486
         – Unlisted                                                                          94,501               71,858
       Total                                                                                472,586              414,691



(ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                               2019                  2018
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                1,897                 1,445
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                                            678                   389
       Write-offs                                                                                (3)                    –
       Exchange difference                                                                       28                    63
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                      2,600                 1,897
218   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      23. Investments (continued)
      (d)   Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                  2019                        2018
            Repossessed equity instruments                                                                          625                         220
            Others                                                                                                5,452                       3,795
            Total                                                                                                 6,077                       4,015
            Classified by listing
              – Listed in Mainland China                                                                            197                          66
              – Listed outside Mainland China                                                                     2,131                       1,410
              – Unlisted                                                                                          3,749                       2,539
            Total                                                                                                 6,077                       4,015

            During the year ended 31 December 2019, because the loss of equity instruments has reached the group’s stop-loss
            Limits and disposal of repossessed equity instruments, the fair value of the equity investment designated at FVOCI at
            the date of derecognition was RMB112 million (2018: RMB17 million), the cumulative loss on disposal was RMB23
            million (2018: RMB4 million) which was transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained profits on
            disposal.



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
            The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the financial results, assets or
            liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are
            subsidiaries as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements
            of the Group.
                                                                                      % of
                                                 Place of          Particulars of ownership
                                                 incorporation   the issued and held by the                       Economic          Legal
            Name of company                      and operation   paid up capital      Bank Principal activities   nature            representative
                                                                    (in millions)
            CMB International Capital Holdings   Hong Kong           HKD4,129         100% Financial advisory     Limited company   Tian Huiyu
              Corporation Limited (note (i))                                               services

            CMB Financial Leasing Company        Shanghai            RMB6,000         100% Finance lease          Limited company   Shi Shunhua
              Limited (note (ii))

            CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited           Hong Kong           HKD1,161         100% Banking                Limited company   Zhu Qi
              (note (iii))

            China Merchants Fund Management      Shenzhen            RMB1,310          55% Fund management        Limited company   Liu Hui
              Co., Ltd. (note (iv))

            CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd       Shenzhen            RMB5,000         100% Asset management       Limited company   Liu Hui
              (note (v))

            China Merchants Europe S.A.          Luxembourg             EUR50         100% Banking                Limited company   Li Biao
              (note (vi))
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    219
Annual Report 2019



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBICHC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
               International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998] No. 405.
               In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBICHC. The capital of CMBICHC increased to HKD1,000
               million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

               The Board of Directors have considered and passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital Increase and Restructuring of CMBICHC” which
               agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBICHC on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution
               completed on 20 January 2016.

      (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFLC”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the CBIRC through its Yin Jian Fu
               [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB2,000 million in
               CMBFLC. The capital of CMBFLC increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

      (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”), formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
               a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
               withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

      (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.6% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
               ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
               shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.4% to 55.0% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became the
               Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in CMFM,
               and other shareholders of CMFM also make capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to RMB1,310
               million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

      (v)      CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the Bank with the China Banking Regulatory
               Commission, Yinbao Jianfu [2019] No. 981, and commenced its operation on November 1, 2019.

      (vi)     China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the Bank of China Banking Regulatory
               Commission Yin Jian Fu [2016] No. 460. It was formally established in November 2019 and is currently waiting for a commercial banking
               license from the Luxembourg financial regulatory authority (CSSF).
220   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      25. Interest in joint ventures
                                                                                                                                        2019                              2018
            Share of net assets                                                                                                       10,324                              8,622
            Share of profits for the year                                                                                              1,686                              1,272
            Share of other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                                                                   351                                (36)

            Details of the Group’s interest in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                                                                                Percentage
                                                                                                                     Percentage           of
                                                                    Place of                               Group’s           of ownership
                                                 Form of business   incorporation Particulars of issued   effective ownership        of the
            Name of joint ventures               structure          and operation and paid up capital      interest of the Bank subsidiaries Principal activity
                                                                                        (in thousands)
            CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Company   Limited company    Shenzhen            RMB2,800,000      50.00%       50.00%              –    Life insurance business
              Limited (note (i))

            Merchants Union Consumer Finance     Limited company    Shenzhen            RMB3,868,964      50.00%       24.15%        25.85% Consumer finance
              Company Limited (note (ii))
            Notes:

            (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMB Life”), and Life Insurance
                      Company of North America (“INA”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life. CIGNA & CMB Life is the only joint venture
                      directly held by the Bank. The Bank and INA share the joint venture’s profits, risks and losses by their proportion of shareholding. The Bank’s
                      investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

            (ii)      The Bank’s subsidiary, CMB WLB, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), which is a subsidiary of China Unicom
                      Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). CBIRC has approved the operation of MUCFC on 3
                      March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC hold 50.00% equity interests in MUCFC respectively and share the risks, profits and losses based on the
                      above proportion of their shareholding. In December 2017, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB600 million to CUNC,
                      with the other shareholder of CUNC injected capital proportionally. The capital of CUNC increased to RMB2,859 million, and the Bank’s
                      shareholding percentage reached 15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage decreased to 35%, resulting the Group’s shareholding percentage
                      remained unchanged. In December 2018, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB1,000 million to CUNC, and the other
                      shareholder of CUNC injected capital proportionally. The Bank’s shareholding percentage is 24.15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage is
                      25.85%, and the Group’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.
China Merchants Bank                  IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                        221
Annual Report 2019



25. Interest in joint ventures (continued)
      Summarised financial information of the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as below:
      (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life
                                                                                                                              Other          Total               Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                                      comprehensive comprehensive            and cash          and
                                           Assets        Liabilities            Equity       Revenue       Net profit       income        income           equivalents amortisation     Income tax
             2019
             CIGNA & CMB Life             58,752           51,089               7,663         20,164             1,378              724          2,102             522             47         221
             Group’s effective interest   29,376           25,545               3,831         10,082               689              351          1,040             261             24         111
             2018
             CIGNA & CMB Life             45,332           39,549               5,783         16,649             1,045              (25)         1,020             303             28         245
             Group’s effective interest   22,666           19,775               2,891          8,325               509              (13)           496             152             14         123



      (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                                             Total                       Depreciation
                                                                                                                                    comprehensive    Cash and cash               and
                                                Assets           Liabilities             Equity        Revenue           Net profit       income        equivalents      amortisation   Income tax
             2019
             MUCFC                              92,697                 83,337            9,360          10,740              1,466           1,466            1,015                44          426
             Group’s effective interest         46,349                 41,669            4,680           5,370                734             734              508                22          213
             2018
             MUCFC                              74,748                 66,855            7,893           6,956              1,253           1,253            2,273                10          391
             Group’s effective interest         37,374                 33,428            3,946           3,478                626             626            1,137                 5          196

      Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group:
                                                                                                                                                   Other                              Total
                                                                                                                                           comprehensive                     comprehensive
                                                                                                            Net profit                           income                            income
      2019
      Others                                                                                                         1,403                                     –                         1,403
      Group’s effective interest                                                                                       263                                     –                           263
      2018
      Others                                                                                                         1,051                               (111)                              940
      Group’s effective interest                                                                                       137                                (23)                              114
222   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      26. Interest in associates
                                                                                               2019                2018
            Share of net assets                                                                 460                 249
            Share of profits for the year                                                        37                  37
            Share of other comprehensive income for the year                                     17                   –

            The following list contains the information of associates, which are unlisted corporate entities and are not
            individually material to the Group:
                                                                                              Other                Total
                                                                                      comprehensive       comprehensive
                                                                      Net profit            income              income
            2019
            Others                                                        3,764                  93               3,857
            Group’s effective interest                                       37                  17                  54
            2018
            Others                                                        4,837                   –               4,837
            Group’s effective interest                                       37                   –                  37




      27. Investment properties
                                                                                               2019                2018
            Cost:
            At 1 January                                                                      3,488               2,855
            Transfers in/(out)                                                                   32                 550
            Disposals                                                                             –                 (12)
            Exchange difference                                                                  38                  95
            At 31 December                                                                    3,558               3,488
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January                                                                      1,427               1,243
            Depreciation                                                                        171                 134
            Transfers in/(out)                                                                   18                  17
            Disposals                                                                             –                 (12)
            Exchange difference                                                                  17                  45
            At 31 December                                                                    1,633               1,427
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December                                                                    1,925               2,061
            At 1 January                                                                      2,061               1,612

            As at 31 December 2019, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
            management of the Group (2018: Nil).
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              223
Annual Report 2019



27. Investment properties (continued)
      Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank’s properties in
      Beijing, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Qingdao and Hefei, etc. that have been leased out under operating leases. The fair
      value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the method of capitalization of net rental income. There
      has been no change to the valuation methodology during the year. As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of these
      properties was RMB4,665 million (2018: RMB4,645 million). The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables
      under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                                         2019
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                            414
      1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                                        267
      2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                                        148
      3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                                         68
      4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                         64
      Over 5 years                                                                                                         424
      Total                                                                                                              1,385



                                                                                                                         2018
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                            443
      1 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                        738
      Over 5 years                                                                                                         483
      Total                                                                                                              1,664

      The fair value hierarchy of Investment properties of the Group are listed as below:
                                                                                                                    Fair Value
                                                                                                                      as at 31
                                                                                                                    December
                                                               Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              2019
      Held in Mainland China                                         –                  –             1,828              1,828
      Held overseas                                                  –                  –             2,837              2,837
      Total                                                          –                  –             4,665              4,665



                                                                                                                     Fair Value
                                                                                                                       as at 31
                                                                                                                     December
                                                               Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              2018
      Held in Mainland China                                         –                  –             1,781              1,781
      Held overseas                                                  –                  –             2,864              2,864
      Total                                                          –                  –             4,645              4,645

      In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
224   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                         Aircrafts,
                                                                                                       vessels and          Motor
                                               Land and     Construction    Computer     Leasehold    professional    vehicles and
                                               buildings     in progress   equipment improvements      equipment            others     Total
            Cost:
            At 1 January 2019                     25,923          1,646       12,276         7,669          33,904          6,369     87,787
            Additions                              1,510          1,506        1,882           847          14,168            726     20,639
            Reclassification and transfers           104           (188)           –            52               –              –        (32)
            Disposals                               (244)             –         (427)          (76)         (5,249)          (746)    (6,742)
            Exchange difference                       63              –           19            18             486              2        588
            At 31 December 2019                   27,356          2,964       13,750         8,510          43,309          6,351    102,240
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January 2019                      9,412               –       8,789         4,869           3,169          5,342     31,581
            Depreciation                           1,233               –       1,765           587           2,165            458      6,208
            Reclassification and transfers           (18)              –           –             –               –              –        (18)
            Disposals                               (152)              –        (401)          (24)           (878)          (701)    (2,156)
            Exchange difference                       37               –          10             9              67              1        124
            At 31 December 2019                   10,512               –      10,163         5,441           4,523          5,100     35,739
            Impairment loss:
            At 1 January 2019                          –               –           –             –               –              –          –
            Additions                                  –               –           –             –              93              –         93
            At 31 December 2019                        –               –           –             –              93              –         93
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December 2019                   16,844          2,964        3,587         3,069          38,693          1,251     66,408
            At 1 January 2019                     16,511          1,646        3,487         2,800          30,735          1,027     56,206
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    225
Annual Report 2019



28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                  Aircrafts,
                                                                                                                vessels and
                                               Land and    Construction        Computer     Leasehold          professional Motor vehicles
                                               buildings    in progress       equipment improvements            equipment      and others             Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2018                          24,847           2,482           10,165            6,829           26,420             6,416       77,159
      Additions                                      65             805            2,309              736            8,437               431       12,783
      Reclassification and transfers                982          (1,641)               –              109                –                 –         (550)
      Disposals                                    (151)              –             (252)             (19)          (2,094)             (490)      (3,006)
      Exchange difference                           180               –               54               14            1,141                12        1,401
      At 31 December 2018                        25,923           1,646           12,276            7,669           33,904             6,369       87,787
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2018                           8,134                –           7,673            4,305            1,947             5,288       27,347
      Depreciation                                1,220                –           1,344              576            1,459               537        5,136
      Reclassification and transfers                (17)               –               –                –                –                 –          (17)
      Disposals                                     (19)               –            (252)             (18)            (256)             (487)      (1,032)
      Exchange difference                            94                –              24                6               19                 4          147
      At 31 December 2018                         9,412                –           8,789            4,869            3,169             5,342       31,581
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2018                        16,511           1,646            3,487            2,800           30,735             1,027       56,206
      At 1 January 2018                          16,713           2,482            2,492            2,524           24,473             1,128       49,812

      (a)      As at 31 December 2019, the process of obtaining the registration license for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value of
               RMB2,516 million (2018: RMB2,066 million) was still in progress.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group has no significant unused property and equipment (2018: nil).

      (c)      The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are receivables as follows:

                                                                                                                                                      2019
               Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                                             4,740
               1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                                                         4,677
               2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                                                         4,427
               3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                                                         4,133
               4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                                         3,456
               Over 5 years                                                                                                                         13,057
               Total                                                                                                                                34,490

                                                                                                                                                      2018
               Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                                             3,472
               1 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                                        12,656
               Over 5 years                                                                                                                         10,606
               Total                                                                                                                                26,734
226   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      29. Lease contracts
      (a)   Right-of-use assets
                                                               Land                            Computer Motor vehicles
                                                          use rights          Buildings       equipment    and others           Total
            Cost:
            At 31 December 2018                                    –                 –                 –                –           –
            Adjustments under IFRS 16                          6,074            13,690                 5                5      19,774
            At 1 January 2019                                  6,074            13,690                 5                5      19,774
            Additions                                              –             5,421                 1               16       5,438
            Disposals                                           (106)             (509)               (3)              (3)       (621)
            At 31 December 2019                                5,968            18,602                 3               18      24,591
            Accumulated depreciation:
            Adjustments under IFRS 16                            662                 –                 –                –         662
            At 1 January 2019                                    662                 –                 –                –         662
            Depreciation (Note 10)                               185             4,173                 1                5       4,364
            Disposals                                            (17)             (418)                –                –        (435)
            At 31 December 2019                                  830             3,755                 1                5       4,591
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December 2019                                5,138            14,847                 2               13      20,000
            At 1 January 2019                                  5,412            13,690                 5                 5     19,112

            The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
            basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
            length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
            option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
            change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee. During the year ended 31 December 2019, there is
            no such triggering event.



      (b)   Lease liabilities
            As at 31 December 2019, analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by residual maturity is as follows:
                                                              After 1 month After 3 months      After 1 year
                                                     Within       but within   but within 1      but within
                                                   1 month         3 months            year          5 years   After 5 years     Total
            Lease liabilities                          527              476           2,729           8,436           2,211    14,379

            Interest expense on lease liabilities are set out in note 7.



      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
            short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and others. As at 31 December 2019, the
            portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
            disclosed in note 10.



      (d)   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amount to RMB4,604
            million.



      (e)   As at 31 December 2019, the leases committed but not yet commenced is not significant.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                         227
Annual Report 2019



30. Intangible assets
                                                           Land      Software
                                                      use rights    and others    Core deposits    Total
      Cost:
      At 31 December 2018                                 6,074          6,322           1,162    13,558
      Adjustments under IFRS 16                          (6,074)             –               –    (6,074)
      At 1 January 2019                                       –          6,322           1,162     7,484
      Additions                                               –          1,840               –     1,840
      Disposals                                               –             (3)              –        (3)
      Exchange difference                                     –              2              24        26
      At 31 December 2019                                     –          8,161           1,186     9,347
      Amortisation:
      At 31 December 2018                                   662          3,319             427     4,408
      Adjustments under IFRS 16                            (662)             –               –      (662)
      At 1 January 2019                                       –          3,319             427     3,746
      Additions (Note 10)                                     –            973              41     1,014
      Disposals                                               –              –               –         –
      Exchange difference                                     –              2              10        12
      At 31 December 2019                                     –          4,294             478     4,772
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2019                                     –          3,867             708     4,575
      At 1 January 2019                                       –          3,003             735     3,738



                                                           Land    Software and
                                                      use rights         others   Core deposits     Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2018                                   4,634          4,923           1,095    10,652
      Additions                                           3,224          1,398               –     4,622
      Transfers                                          (1,785)             –               –    (1,785)
      Disposals                                              (4)            (4)              –        (8)
      Exchange difference                                     5              5              67        77
      At 31 December 2018                                 6,074          6,322           1,162    13,558
      Amortisation:
      At 1 January 2018                                     426          2,613             358     3,397
      Additions (Note 10)                                   237            706              40       983
      Transfers/disposals                                    (2)            (3)              –        (5)
      Exchange difference                                     1              3              29        33
      At 31 December 2018                                   662          3,319             427     4,408
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2018                                 5,412          3,003             735     9,150
      At 1 January 2018                                   4,208          2,310             737     7,255
228   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      31. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                   Impairment
                                                                                                                                      loss at 1          Net value at
                                                                                                                                       January             1 January
                                                                                                                 As at 31         2019 and 31           2019 and 31
                                                As at 1            Addition in            Release in            December            December              December
                                          January 2019               the year              the year                 2019                  2019                  2019
            CMB WLB (note (i))                     10,177                        –                    –             10,177                   (579)                9,598
            CMFM (note (ii))                          355                        –                    –                355                      –                   355
            Zhaoyin Internet
              (note (iii))                                 1                     –                    –                     1                     –                     1
            Total                                  10,533                        –                    –             10,533                   (579)                9,954

            Notes:

            (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                     identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million being the
                     excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                     in Note 24.

            (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                     net assets was RMB752 million of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million being the excess of acquisition
                     cost 769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in Note 24.

            (iii)    On 1 April 2015, CMBICHC acquired a 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                     Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million being
                     the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. Zhaoyin Internet’s principal activities
                     include development and sale of computer software and hardware, sale of communication equipment and office automation equipment,
                     advisory service of computer technology and information.




            Impairment test for CGU containing goodwill
            Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU, CMB WLB which was acquired on 30 September 2008 and CMFM which
            was acquired on 28 November 2013 and Zhaoyin Internet which was acquired on 1 April 2015.
            The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash
            flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond
            the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-term
            average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
            In assessing impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the forecast
            long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. A pre-tax discount rate of 9% and 12% (2018:
            12% and 14%) was used. The Group believes any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on
            which recoverable amount are based would not cause the carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                    229
Annual Report 2019



32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                              2019                  2018
      Deferred tax assets                                                                   65,151                58,374
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (956)               (1,211)
      Net amount                                                                            64,195                57,163



(a)   Analysed by nature of deferred tax assets and liabilities
      The components of deferred tax assets/liabilities are as follows:
                                                                     2019                             2018
                                                           Deductible/                      Deductible/
                                                              (taxable)                        (taxable)
                                                            temporary                        temporary
                                                            difference      Deferred tax     difference      Deferred tax
      Deferred tax assets
      Impairment allowances on loans and
        advances to customers and other assets at
        amortised cost                                        237,143            59,185        206,932            51,684
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                               (8,952)           (2,238)        (5,899)           (1,475)
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                           (1,263)             (316)         7,758             1,940
      Salary and welfare payable                               26,482             6,621         18,582             4,646
      Others                                                    7,580             1,899          6,980             1,579
      Total                                                   260,990            65,151        234,353            58,374
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Impairment allowances on loans and
        advances to customers and other assets at
        amortised cost                                             291                47            207               34
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                   (29)               (6)           244               38
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                                11                 3           (116)             (29)
      Others                                                    (6,376)           (1,000)        (8,524)          (1,254)
      Total                                                     (6,103)            (956)         (8,189)          (1,211)
230   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities (continued)
      (b)   Movements of deferred tax
                                                        Impairment
                                                         allowances
                                                      on loans and
                                                       advances to
                                                     customers and            Financial       Financial            Salary and
                                                     other assets at          assets at instruments at                welfare
                                                     amortised cost             FVTOCI           FVTPL                payable              Others               Total
            At 1 January 2019                               51,718              (1,437)             1,911              4,646                 325            57,163
            Recognised in profit or loss                     7,491                 177             (2,224)             1,975                 541             7,960
            Recognised in other comprehensive
               Income                                              –              (984)                   –                   –                13              (971)
            Exchange difference                                   23                 –                    –                   –                20                43
            At 31 December 2019                             59,232              (2,244)               (313)            6,621                 899            64,195



                                                     Impairment
                                                      allowances
                                                    on loans and
                                                     advances to
                                                       customers
                                                       and other
                                                         assets at           Financial         Financial         Salary and
                                                       amortised             assets at      instruments             welfare
                                                             cost             FVTOCI            at FVTPL            payable               Others               Total
            At 1 January 2018                               43,894                 921              2,208              3,884                 354            51,261
            Recognised in profit or loss                     7,819                  (6)              (297)               762                  21             8,299
            Recognised in other
              comprehensive Income                                  –           (2,352)                   –                   –               (19)           (2,371)
            Exchange difference                                     5                –                    –                   –               (31)              (26)
            At 31 December 2018                             51,718              (1,437)             1,911              4,646                 325            57,163

            Note: No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
                  is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the
                  foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                                  231
Annual Report 2019



33. Other assets
                                                                                                                           2019     2018
      Amounts pending for settlement                                                                                    11,219      9,344
      Continuing involvement assets                                                                                        987          –
      Interest receivable                                                                                                3,148      2,888
      Prepaid lease payments                                                                                               345      1,117
      Repossessed assets (note (a))                                                                                        768        597
      Guarantee deposits                                                                                                   619        794
      Recoverable from reinsurers                                                                                          192        209
      Prepayment for lease hold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                                3,436      2,416
      Premium receivables                                                                                                  122        112
      Post-employment benefits
         – Defined benefit plan (Note 39(b))                                                                                22         31
      Others                                                                                                            17,132     15,060
      Total                                                                                                             37,990     32,568



(a)   Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                           2019     2018
      Residential properties                                                                                                923      767
      Others                                                                                                                 19       18
      Total                                                                                                                 942       785
      Less: impairment allowances                                                                                          (174)     (188)
      Net repossessed assets                                                                                                768      597

      Notes:

      (i)    In 2019, the Group has disposed of repossessed assets with a total cost of RMB15 million (2018: RMB143 million).

      (ii)   The Group plans to dispose of the repossessed assets by auction, bid or agreement transfer.
232   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2019      2018
            Principal (a)                                    553,684   469,008
            Interest payable                                   1,897     1,818
            Total                                            555,581   470,826



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2019      2018
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                        60,111   108,732
               – Other financial institutions                478,894   350,347
            Subtotal                                         539,005   459,079
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                          14,638     9,897
             – Other financial institutions                       41        32
            Subtotal                                          14,679     9,929
            Total                                            553,684   469,008




      35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2019      2018
            Principal (a)                                    165,403   202,974
            Interest payable                                     518       976
            Total                                            165,921   203,950



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2019      2018
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                        77,526    81,876
               – Other financial institutions                  9,138    48,311
            Subtotal                                          86,664   130,187
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                          78,739    72,769
             – Other financial institutions                        –        18
            Subtotal                                          78,739    72,787
            Total                                            165,403   202,974
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                 233
Annual Report 2019



36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2019                   2018
      Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                                   14,888                 18,996
      Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)                    28,546                 25,148
      Total                                                                                        43,434                 44,144



(a)   Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                     2019                   2018
      Precious metal relevant financial liabilities                                                13,701                 17,906
      Short selling securities                                                                      1,187                  1,090
      Total                                                                                        14,888                 18,996



(b)   Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2019                   2018
      In Mainland China
         – Precious metal contracts with other banks                                                9,217                  9,673
         – Others                                                                                   9,092                  2,879
      Outside Mainland China
         – Certificates of deposit issued                                                             767                  2,619
         – Debt securities issued                                                                   9,237                  9,977
         – Others                                                                                     233                      –
      Total                                                                                        28,546                 25,148

      As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
      designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable at maturity is not significant. The amounts
      of changes in the fair value that are attributable to changes in credit risk of these liabilities are not significant during
      the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 and as at 31 December 2019 and 2018.
234   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                     2019     2018
            Principal (a)(b)                                                        63,107   78,029
            Interest payable                                                           126      112
            Total                                                                   63,233   78,141



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                     2019     2018
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                                              59,383   69,089
               – Other financial institutions                                          480    1,171
            Subtotal                                                                59,863   70,260
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                                                 1,845    7,769
             – Other financial institutions                                          1,399        –
            Subtotal                                                                 3,244    7,769
            Total                                                                   63,107   78,029



      (b)   Analysed by the type of underlying assets
                                                                                     2019     2018
            Debt securities
              – PRC government bonds                                                30,962   41,391
              – Bonds issued by policy banks                                        21,941   21,399
              – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions      493    5,469
              – Other debt securities                                                3,337    1,917
            Subtotal                                                                56,733   70,176
            Discounted bills                                                         6,374    7,853
            Total                                                                   63,107   78,029
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                             235
Annual Report 2019



38. Deposits from customers
                                                            2019        2018
      Principal (a)                                     4,844,422   4,400,674
      Interest payable                                     30,559      26,892
      Total                                             4,874,981   4,427,566



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                            2019        2018
      Corporate customers
        – Demand deposits                               1,692,068   1,645,684
        – Time deposits                                 1,346,033   1,192,037
      Subtotal                                          3,038,101   2,837,721
      Retail customers
        – Demand deposits                               1,171,221   1,059,923
        – Time deposits                                   635,100     503,030
      Subtotal                                          1,806,321   1,562,953
      Total                                             4,844,422   4,400,674



(b)   The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
      guarantees are as follows:
                                                            2019        2018
      Guarantee for acceptance bills                      62,809       64,919
      Guarantee for loans                                 29,620       20,908
      Guarantee for issuing letters of credit             19,086       12,974
      Deposit for letters of guarantee                    26,878       46,107
      Others                                              24,734       19,054
      Total                                              163,127      163,962
236   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      39. Staff welfare scheme
      (a)   Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                   2019
                                                                                            Payment/
                                                            Beginning        Charge         Transfers     Ending
                                                              balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                    8,297        41,429          (38,854)     10,872
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                            129           3,966           (3,396)      699
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)               49              54              (36)       67
            Total                                               8,475        45,449          (42,286)     11,638

                                                                                   2018
                                                                                             Payment/
                                                            Beginning         Charge         Transfers    Ending
                                                              balance    for the year      in the year   balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                    7,756        39,473          (38,932)      8,297
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                            228           3,543           (3,642)      129
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)               36              30              (17)       49
            Total                                               8,020        43,046          (42,591)      8,475



      (i)   Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                   2019
                                                                                            Payment/
                                                            Beginning        Charge         transfers     Ending
                                                              balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Salary and bonus                                    6,112        31,232          (28,893)      8,451
            Welfare expense                                        73         4,267           (4,271)         69
            Social insurance
              – Medical insurance                                 38           2,358           (2,289)      107
              – Injury insurance                                   4              26              (24)        6
              – Maternity insurance                                5              95              (93)        7
            Housing reserve                                      198           2,015           (1,967)      246
            Labour union and employee education
              expenses                                          1,867          1,436           (1,317)     1,986
            Total                                               8,297        41,429          (38,854)     10,872
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                            237
Annual Report 2019



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(i)    Short-term employee benefits (continued)
                                                                                      2018
                                                                                                 Payment/
                                                           Beginning            Charge           transfers           Ending
                                                             balance       for the year        in the year          balance
       Salary and bonus                                        5,858            30,126           (29,872)             6,112
       Welfare expense                                            62             3,534            (3,523)                73
       Social insurance
         – Medical insurance                                      42             2,108             (2,112)               38
         – Injury insurance                                        3                29                (28)                4
         – Maternity insurance                                     4                81                (80)                5
       Housing reserve                                           171             2,309             (2,282)              198
       Labour union and employee
         education expenses                                    1,616             1,286             (1,035)            1,867
       Total                                                   7,756            39,473           (38,932)             8,297



(ii)   Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                      2019
                                                                                               Payment/
                                                          Beginning            Charge          Transfers            Ending
                                                            balance       for the year       in the year           balance
       Basic retirement security                                  65             2,246             (2,242)               69
       Supplementary pension                                      43             1,661             (1,094)              610
       Unemployment insurance                                     21                59                (60)               20
       Total                                                     129             3,966             (3,396)              699

                                                                                      2018
                                                                                                 Payment/
                                                           Beginning            Charge           Transfers           Ending
                                                             balance       for the year        in the year          balance
       Basic retirement security                                  61             2,134             (2,130)               65
       Supplementary pension                                     149             1,356             (1,462)               43
       Unemployment insurance                                     18                53                (50)               21
       Total                                                     228             3,543             (3,642)              129



       Defined contribution pension schemes
       In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
       the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
       December 2019, the Group’s contributions to the schemes are determined by local governments and vary at a range
       of 12% to 16% (2018: 12% to 20%) of the staff salaries.
       In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
       plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
       PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
       on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2018: 0% to 8.33%).
       For its employees outside Mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
       funding rates determined in accordance with the local practise and regulations.
238   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                                                                 2019
                                                                              Beginning                 Charge                Payment                 Ending
                                                                                balance            for the year            in the year               balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                                     49                      54                   (36)                   67

                                                                                                                 2018
                                                                              Beginning                     Charge             Payment                 Ending
                                                                                balance                for the year         in the year               balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                                     36                      30                    (17)                  49

              As at 31 December 2019, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share Appreciation Rights Scheme to its senior
              management (“the Scheme”). The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 2 years or 3 years from the
              grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years or 8 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
              linked to one H-share.
      (1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the scheme are listed below:
                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                unexercised share                                            Contract period of
                                                                               appreciation rights                                           share appreciation
                                                                               at the end of 2019                        Exercise conditions              rights
                                                                                       (in millions)
              Share appreciation rights granted on 4 May 2012 (Phase V)                      0.046              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 May 2013 (Phase VI)                    0.092              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 7 Jul 2014 (Phase VII)                    0.623              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 Jul 2015 (Phase VIII)                  1.058              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                    1.035              3 years after the grant date           10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                     1.290              3 years after the grant date           10 years
      (2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                          2019                                          2018
                                                                                                       Number
                                                                            Weighted                  of share       Weighted Number of share
                                                                              average             appreciation average exercise  appreciation
                                                                         exercise price                  rights           price         rights
                                                                                 (HKD)             (in million)          (HKD)    (in million)
              Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                          19.00                      5.86                19.32                   7.24
              Exercised during the year                                            15.02                     (1.72)               12.34                  (0.08)
              Forfeited during the year                                                –                         –                16.06                  (1.30)
              Outstanding at the end of the year                                   18.57                      4.14                19.00                   5.86
              Exercisable at the end of the year                                   13.80                      1.08                14.13                   0.96

              The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2019 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD18.57
              (2018: HKD19.00) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 6.26 years (2018: 7.10 years).
              Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
              into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                             239
Annual Report 2019



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
(3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
        The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
        fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
        is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual lives of the rights are used as an input of the model.
                                                                                       2019
                                                    Phase V       Phase VI    Phase VII       Phase VIII   Phase IX     Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)        25.44        23.93         22.91           16.74      17.09        11.23
        Share price (in HKD)                            40.6         40.6          40.6            40.6       40.6         40.6
        Exercise price (in HKD)                         9.63        10.19         10.26           17.41      15.98        26.52
        Expected volatility                          26.68%       26.68%        26.68%          26.68%     26.68%       26.68%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)           2.33         3.42          4.50            5.58       6.67         7.67
        Expected dividends rate                       3.24%        3.24%         3.24%           3.24%      3.24%        3.24%
        Risk-free interest rate                       1.43%        1.43%         1.43%           1.43%      1.43%        1.43%

                                                                                       2018
                                                     Phase V      Phase VI     Phase VII      Phase VIII   Phase IX     Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)        16.06        15.04         14.51           10.19      10.70         7.20
        Share price (in HKD)                           29.15        29.15         29.15           29.15      29.15        29.15
        Exercise price (in HKD)                        10.70        11.26         11.33           18.48      17.05        27.59
        Expected volatility                          32.46%       32.46%        32.46%          32.46%     32.46%       32.46%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)           3.33         4.42          5.50            6.58       7.67         8.67
        Expected dividends rate                       3.39%        3.39%         3.39%           3.39%      3.39%        3.39%
        Risk-free interest rate                       1.43%        1.43%         1.43%           1.43%      1.43%        1.43%

        The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
        life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
        available information. Expected dividend rate is based on historical dividend rates. Changes in the subjective input
        assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
        Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
        the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
        share appreciation rights granted.
240   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted to members of senior management:
                                                                                                     2019
                                             Phase V   Phase VI   Phase VII Phase VIII  Phase IX    Phase X      Total Exercised
                                                  (in       (in         (in       (in        (in         (in       (in        (in
                                          thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands) thousands)
              Li Hao                                 –               –              –              –               –              –              –           2,131
              Tang Zhi Hong                         46              92            158            210             210            240            956             947
              Tian Hui Yu                            –               –            225            300             300            330          1,155              75
              Liu Jian Jun                           –               –             53            105             158            240            556             314
              Wang Liang                             –               –             38            157             210            240            645             165
              Xu Shi Qing                            –               –            150            180               –              –            330               –
              Xiong Liang Jun                        –               –              –            105             157            240            502             158
              Total                                 46              92            624          1,057          1,035           1,290          4,144           3,790

                                                                                                     2018
                                              Phase V       Phase VI        Phase VII     Phase VIII       Phase IX        Phase X            Total      Exercised
                                                   (in           (in              (in           (in             (in             (in             (in             (in
                                           thousands)     thousands)      thousands)     thousands)      thousands)     thousands)      thousands)     thousands)
              Li Hao                                50            100             180            240             270            300          1,140             991
              Tang Zhi Hong                         46             92             158            210             210            240            956             947
              Tian Hui Yu                            –              –             225            300             300            330          1,155              75
              Liu Jian Jun                           –              –             158            210             210            240            818              52
              Wang Liang                             –              –             150            210             210            240            810               –
              Xu Shi Qing                            –              –             150            180               –              –            330               –
              Xiong Liang Jun                        –              –               –            210             210            240            660               –
              Total                                 96            192           1,021          1,560          1,410           1,590          5,869           2,065

              Note: In 2019, senior management had exercised 1.72 million shares of appreciation rights (2018: 0.75 million) and the weighted average exercise price
                    is HKD15.02 (2018: HKD11.33).




      (b)     Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
              The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a defined
              benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension section. The contributions of the plan are determined based on
              periodic valuations by qualified actuaries of the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based on
              members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
              The latest actuarial valuation of the plan was performed in accordance with IAS 19 issued by the IASB as at 31
              December 2019 by Willis Towers Watson Limited, a professional actuarial firm. The present values of the defined
              benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
              the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 106% (2018: 110%).
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                          241
Annual Report 2019



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
      The amounts recognised in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019 are analysed as follows:
                                                                                               2019                   2018
      Fair value of the plan assets                                                             385                    357
      Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (363)                  (326)
      Net asset recognised in the statement of financial position                                22                     31

      A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
      to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
      also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
      contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2019.
      There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                               2019                   2018
      Current service cost                                                                      (11)                   (10)
      Net interest income                                                                         1                      2
      Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                             (10)                    (8)

      The actual profit on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB47 million (2018: actual loss
      RMB39 million).
      The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2019                   2018
      Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  326                    285
      Current service cost                                                                       11                     10
      Interest cost                                                                               6                      5
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (26)                   (18)
      Actuarial profit or losses due to liability experience                                     10                     10
      Actuarial profit or losses due to financial assumption changes                             29                     11
      Actuarial gain or losses due to demographic assumption changes                              –                      7
      Exchange difference                                                                         7                     16
      Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          363                    326

      The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2019                   2018
      Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                357                    394
      Interest income                                                                             7                      7
      Expected return on plan assets                                                             40                    (46)
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (26)                   (18)
      Exchange difference                                                                         7                     20
      Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              385                    357
242   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
            The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:

                                                                           2019                            2018

                                                                  Amount                     %      Amount                 %
            Equities                                                     238               61.8         216              60.6
            Bonds                                                         73               19.0          63              17.6
            Cash                                                          74               19.2          78              21.8
            Total                                                        385           100.0            357             100.0

            Deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB57 million (2018: RMB56 million).
            The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                   2019                  2018
                                                                                                     %                     %
            Discount rate
              – Defined benefit scheme                                                               1.6                  1.9
              – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                       1.7                  1.8
            Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                   6.0                  5.0
            Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                 –                    –

            As at 31 December 2018 and 2019, there is no significant change of the amount in the liabilities of the retirement
            benefit plan due to the above mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                   2019                  2018
            Corporate income tax                                                                  13,909               16,229
            Value added tax                                                                        3,057                3,137
            Others                                                                                 2,103                1,045
            Total                                                                                 19,069               20,411
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                        243
Annual Report 2019



41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                   2019              2018
      Credit card points                                                                          5,262             4,799
      Other deferred fee and commission income                                                    1,226               808
      Total                                                                                       6,488             5,607

      As at 1 January 2018, contract liabilities amounted to RMB4,244 million.



42. Provisions
                                                                                                   2019              2018
      Expected credit loss provisions                                                             5,116             4,565
      Other                                                                                         993             1,100
      Total                                                                                       6,109             5,665

      The expected credit loss provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                        2019
                                                                                –Stage 2           –Stage 3
                                                                          (Lifetime ECL-          (Lifetime
                                                           –Stage 1           not credit-        ECL-credit
                                                     (12-month ECL)            impaired)         impaired)           Total
      Expected credit loss provisions                            3,396             1,307                413         5,116

                                                                                       2018
                                                                                  –Stage 2
                                                                            (Lifetime ECL- –Stage 3 (Lifetime
                                                               –Stage 1         not credit-       ECL-credit
                                                         (12-month ECL)          impaired)         impaired)          Total
      Expected credit loss provisions                            2,934             1,221                  410        4,565




43. Debt securities issued
                                                                          Notes                    2019              2018
      Subordinated notes issued                                             (a)                  34,469            45,714
      Long-term debt securities issued                                      (b)                 165,602           104,483
      Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit                                              349,284           245,406
      Certificates of deposit issued                                                             26,007            26,724
      Interest payable                                                                            2,829             2,599
      Total                                                                                     578,191           424,926
244   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (a)   Subordinated notes issued
            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated notes issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           Discount or     Repayment
                                        Term to                                                                            Beginning     Issue during         premium      during the      Ending
            Debt type                   maturity      Date of issuance   Annual interest rate            Nominal value       balance         the year     amortisation            year    balance
                                                                                                                             (RMB in         (RMB in           (RMB in        (RMB in     (RMB in
                                                                         (%)                                (in million)      million)        million)          million)       million)    million)
            Fixed rate bond             180 months    28 Dec 2012        5.20                              RMB11,700          11,693                 –                –             –     11,693
            Fixed rate bond (note)      120 months    18 Apr 2014        6.40                              RMB11,300          11,285                 –               15      (11,300)          –
            Fixed rate bond             120 months    15 Nov 2018        4.65                              RMB20,000          19,993                 –                –             –     19,993
            Total                                                                                                             42,971                 –               15      (11,300)     31,686

            Note:       The Bank redeemed the Tier-2 capital bond amounted to RMB11,300 million as of 21 April 2019.

            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated note issued by CMB WLB was as follows:
                                                                                                                                          Discount or                      Repayment
                                        Term to                                                                            Beginning         premium        Exchange       during the      Ending
            Debt type                   maturity      Date of issuance   Annual interest rate            Nominal value       balance     amortisation       difference            year    balance
                                                                                                                             (RMB in          (RMB in         (RMB in         (RMB in     (RMB in
                                                                         (%)                                (in million)      million)         million)        million)        million)    million)
            Fixed to floating rate notes 120 months   22 Nov 2017        3.75 (for the first 5 years);        USD400           2,743                 –               40              –      2,783
                                                                            T*+1.75% (from 6
                                                                            year onwards, if the
                                                                            notes are not called by
                                                                            the Bank)
            Total                                                                                                              2,743                 –               40              –      2,783

            *       T represents the 5 years US Treasury rate.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                          245
Annual Report 2019



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued
      As at the end of reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                  Discount or
                                       Term to                                                                                         Beginning         Issue during                premium        Exchange        Ending
      Debt type                        maturity      Date of issuance       Annual interest rate           Nominal value                 balance             the year            amortisation       difference     balance
                                                                                                                                         (RMB in             (RMB in                  (RMB in         (RMB in      (RMB in
                                                                            (%)                                (in million)               million)            million)                 million)        million)     million)
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     22 May 2017            4.20                             RMB18,000                    17,984                   –                         7               –      17,991
      Medium term note                 36 months     12 Jun 2017            3M Libor+0.825                     USD800                      5,496                   –                         5              78       5,579
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     14 Sep 2017            4.30                             RMB12,000                    11,990                   –                         4               –      11,994
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     17 Aug 2018            3.95                             RMB30,000                    29,964                   –                         9               –      29,973
      Medium term note                 36 months     12 Jun 2019            0.25                               EUR300                          –               2,337                       (6)              10       2,341
      Medium term note                 36 months     19 Jun 2019            3M Libor+0.74                      USD600                          –               4,170                      (10)              13       4,173
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     5 Jul 2019             3.45                             RMB30,000                         –              29,987                         3               –      29,990
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     4 Sep 2019             2.64                                USD60                          –                 417                       (1)               2         418
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months     24 Sep 2019            3.33                             RMB20,000                         –              19,993                         1               –      19,994
      Total                                                                                                                               65,434              56,904                        12            103      122,453

      As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBFLC were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                         Discount or
                                       Term to      Date of                                                            Beginning       Issue during        premium         Exchange       Repayment             Ending
      Debt type                        maturity     issuance            Annual interest rate       Nominal value          balance          the year     amortisation       difference during the year          balance
                                                                        (%)                           (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
      Fixed rate bond                  60 months    11 Aug 2014         3.25                           USD500                  3,431                 –                      1                  51        (3,483)          –
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    11 Mar 2016         3.27                          RMB3,800                 3,798                 –                      2                   –        (3,800)          –
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    29 Nov 2016         2.63                           USD300                  2,056                 –                      3                  16        (2,075)          –
      Fixed rate bond                  60 months    29 Nov 2016         3.25                           USD900                  6,157                 –                      7                 104              –      6,268
      Leased asset backed securities   31 months    21 Feb 2017         4.3/4.5/4.73                  RMB4,930                   706                 –                     (3)                  –          (703)          –
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    15 Mar 2017         4.5                           RMB4,000                 3,992                 –                      7                   –              –      3,999
      Fixed rate bond (note (i))       36 months    5 Jul 2017          4.80                          RMB1,500                 1,497                 –                      2                   –              –      1,499
      Fixed rate bond (note (ii))      36 months    20 Jul 2017         4.89                          RMB2,500                 2,496                 –                      3                   –              –      2,499
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    3 Aug 2017          4.6                           RMB2,000                 1,997                 –                      2                   –              –      1,999
      Fixed rate bond (note (iii))     36 months    14 Mar 2018         5.24                          RMB4,000                 3,989                 –                      6                   –              –      3,995
      Fixed rate bond (note (iv))      36 months    9 May 2018          4.80                          RMB4,000                 3,989                 –                      6                   –              –      3,995
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    16 Jul 2018         4.50                          RMB4,000                 3,989                 –                      5                   –              –      3,994
      Fixed rate bond (note (v))       36 months    14 Mar 2019         3.50                          RMB1,500                     –             1,495                      2                   –              –      1,497
      Fixed rate bond (note (vi))      60 months    14 Mar 2019         4.00                           RMB500                      –               499                       –                  –              –        499
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    28 May 2019         3.68                          RMB3,000                     –             2,991                      2                   –              –      2,993
      Fixed rate bond (note (vii))     60 months    25 Jun 2019         3.12                           USD900                      –             6,227                   (50)                  54              –      6,231
      Fixed rate bond (note (vii))     120 months   25 Jun 2019         3.69                           USD100                      –               692                     (6)                  6              –        692
      Fixed rate bond                  36 months    17 Jul 2019         3.60                          RMB3,000                     –             2,991                      1                   –              –      2,992
      Fixed rate bond                  12 months    22 Nov 2019         2.72                            USD50                      –               349                       –                  –              –        349
      Total                                                                                                                   38,097            15,244                   (10)                 231       (10,061)     43,501
246   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)   Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBFLC were as follows: (continued)
            Notes:

            (i)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to RMB300 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB300
                        million).

            (ii)        The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to RMB200 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB200
                        million).

            (iii)       The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB260 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB260 million).

            (iv)        The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB140 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB140 million).

            (v)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB300 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: Nil).

            (vi)        The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to RMB100 million as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: Nil).

            (vii)       The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD50 million as of 31 December 2019, equivalent to RMB348 million (31
                        December 2018: Nil).

            (viii)      The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD43 million as of 31 December 2019, equivalent to RMB300 million (31
                        December 2018: Nil).

            As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBI were as follows:

                                                                                                                                   Discount or      Repayment
                                     Term to     Date of                                               Beginning     Issue during     premium            during    Exchange         Ending
            Debt type                maturity    issuance       Annual interest rate Nominal value       balance         the year amortisation        the year     difference      balance
                                                                                                         (RMB in         (RMB in       (RMB in         (RMB in       (RMB in       (RMB in
                                                                (%)                     (in million)      million)        million)      million)        million)      million)      million)
            Fixed rate bond          36 months   9 Jul 2018     3.72                      USD300           2,060               –              –               –            30        2,090
            Total                                                                                          2,060               –              –               –            30        2,090




      44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                                   2019                           2018
            Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                                    9,971                             7,661
            Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                                      22,000                            16,000
            Insurance liabilities                                                                                                               1,931                             1,832
            Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                                   2,046                             2,532
            Continuing involvement liability                                                                                                      987                                 –
            Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                       49                                70
            Others                                                                                                                             40,194                            41,223
            Total                                                                                                                              77,178                            69,318

            Note: Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ (excluding senior management of the Bank) annual remunerations of
                  which the payments are delayed for the purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk
                  management results, taking into account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration
                  of risk profiles and profitability, the occurrence legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant
                  employees will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                            247
Annual Report 2019



45. Share capital
      By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                           2019 and 2018
                                                                                                                                            No. of shares
                                                                                                                                              (in million)
      Listed shares
         – A-Shares                                                                                                                                    20,629
         – H-Shares                                                                                                                                     4,591
      Total                                                                                                                                            25,220

      All H-Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A-Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.

                                                                                                                                     Capital

                                                                                                                      No. of shares                   Amount
                                                                                                                          (in million)
      At 1 January 2019 and at 31 December 2019                                                                                25,220                  25,220




46. Preference shares
(a)   Preference Shares
                                                                                               31 December 2019                    31 December 2018
                                                                                                    No.                                  No.
                                                                                              (millions                            (millions
                                                                                             of shares)  Amount                   of shares)  Amount
      Issuance of Offshore Preference Shares in 2017 (note (i))                                        50            6,597                 50           6,597
      Issuance of Domestic Preference Shares in 2017 (note (ii))                                      275           27,468                275          27,468
      Total                                                                                           325           34,065                325          34,065

      (i)     Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Offshore Preference Shares
              in the aggregate par value of USD1,000 million on 25 October 2017. Each Offshore Preference Share has a par value of USD20 and 50 million
              Offshore Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.40% and is subsequently subject to reset per agreement, but not
              exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Offshore Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash, which shall be priced and announced in RMB. Save for
              such dividend at the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution
              of the remaining profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative.
              The Bank shall be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event
              that the Bank cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders
              of Ordinary Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of
              full dividend payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will
              not distribute the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.

              The Offshore Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
              satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Offshore Preference Shares
              may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
              Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
              will be redeemed.

      (ii)    Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Domestic Preference
              Shares in the aggregate par value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a par value of RMB100
              and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.81% and is subsequently subject to reset per
              agreement, but shall not exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash. Save for such dividend at
              the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution of the remaining
              profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative. The Bank shall
              be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event that the Bank
              cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders of Ordinary
              Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of full dividend
              payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will not distribute
              the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.
248   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      46. Preference shares (continued)
      (a)   Preference Shares (continued)
            (ii)   (continued)

                   The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
                   satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Domestic Preference Shares
                   may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
                   Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
                   will be redeemed.

                   The domestic and offshore preference shares have conditions of events triggering mandatory conversion as follows:

                   (1)       Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                             to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders of Preference Shares, part or all
                             of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of the Preference Shares in
                             order to restore the Core Tier- 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In case of partial conversion, the Preference
                             Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

                   (2)       Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders
                             of Preference Shares, all of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of
                             the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event means the earlier of the following events: 1) the China Banking and Insurance
                             Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”) having concluded that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable,
                             and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank
                             would become non-viable.

                   Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the CBIRC for review and determination and shall
                   fulfill the relevant information disclosure obligations of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s laws and regulations such as making
                   provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.




      (b)   Equity Attributed to Different Types of Shareholders
                                                                                                              At 31 December                At 31 December
                                                                                                                        2019                          2018
            Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                                                 611,301                      540,118
              – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                    577,236                      506,053
              – Equity attributed to other equity holders of the Bank                                                      34,065                       34,065
            Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                                                    6,406                       3,487
              – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                                               2,427                       2,329
              – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of other equity
               instrument (note 62)                                                                                           3,979                       1,158
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                        249
Annual Report 2019



47. Capital reserve
      Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank and can be used to issue shares with the
      shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                               2019                 2018
      At 1 January and 31 December                                                           67,523                67,523




48. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                               2019                 2018
      Debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
        income: investment revaluation reserve                                                5,954                 3,688
      Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                            2,609                 1,857
      Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                                 30                    29
      Equity-accounted investees share of other comprehensive income                            326                   (42)
      Total                                                                                   8,919                 5,532




49. Hedging reserve
      The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
      instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow in accordance with
      the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).



50. Surplus reserve
      Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
      Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
      audited profit after tax. Surplus reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or capitalised as paid-up capital
      with the approval of shareholders.
                                                                                               2019                 2018
      At 1 January                                                                           53,682                46,159
      Provided for the year                                                                   8,609                 7,523
      At 31 December                                                                         62,291                53,682
250   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      51. Regulatory general reserve
            Pursuant to relevant regulatory notices, the Bank and the Group’s financial services subsidiaries are required to set
            aside a general reserve from profit after tax up to a certain percentage of the ending balance of gross risk-bearing
            assets to cover potential losses. The Bank and the Group’s financial services subsidiaries have complied with the
            requirements as of 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                      2019                  2018
            At 1 January                                                                            78,542                70,921
            Provided for the year                                                                   11,609                 7,621
            At 31 December                                                                          90,151                78,542




      52. Profit appropriations
      (a)   Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                      2019                  2018
            Dividends in 2018, approved and to be declared RMB0.94 per shares                       23,707                      –
            Dividends in 2017, approved and to be declared RMB0.84 per shares                             –               21,185



      (b)   Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                      2019                  2018
            Statutory surplus reserve                                                                8,609                  7,523
            Regulatory general reserve                                                              11,609                  7,621
            Dividends
              – cash dividend: RMB1.20 per shares (2018: RMB0.94 per shares)                        30,264                23,707
            Total                                                                                   50,482                38,851

            2019 dividends profit appropriation is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the
            Board of Directors held on 20 March 2020 and will be submitted to the 2019 annual general meeting for approval.



      53. Exchange reserve
            Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the consolidated financial
            statements of operations outside Mainland China.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    251
Annual Report 2019



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s reserves
                                                                                                                       2019                       2018
      Assets
      Cash                                                                                                         14,356                      14,997
      Precious metals                                                                                               4,006                       6,573
      Balances with central banks                                                                                 549,969                     474,380
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                         73,472                      68,501
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                      304,396                     299,981
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                        103,740                     199,555
      Loans and advances to customers                                                                           3,968,513                   3,471,874
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                       378,242                     315,000
      Derivative financial assets                                                                                  23,769                      33,582
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                          920,575                     915,410
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                           416,181                     380,971
      Equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                                                  5,430                       3,465
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                   49,495                      43,901
      Interest in joint ventures                                                                                     6,091                       4,797
      Investment properties                                                                                          1,203                       1,262
      Property and equipment                                                                                        25,565                      23,169
      Right-of-use assets (note)                                                                                    19,078                         N/A
      Intangible assets                                                                                              3,752                       8,157
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                           63,663                      56,866
      Other assets                                                                                                  28,736                      25,174
      Total assets                                                                                              6,960,232                   6,347,615
      Liabilities
      Borrowing from central banks                                                                                358,728                     405,314
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                        541,745                     452,305
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                       73,880                     116,072
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                                   32,922                      40,175
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                                             22,911                      35,795
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                     55,455                      77,064
      Deposits from customers                                                                                   4,660,232                   4,237,430
      Salaries and welfare payable                                                                                  9,581                       6,697
      Tax payable                                                                                                  17,655                      19,512
      Contract liabilities                                                                                          6,488                       5,607
      Lease liabilities (note)                                                                                     13,632                         N/A
      Provision                                                                                                     6,061                       5,638
      Debt securities issued                                                                                      527,986                     375,625
      Other liabilities                                                                                            54,604                      55,918
      Total liabilities                                                                                         6,381,880                   5,833,152
      Equity
      Share capital                                                                                                25,220                      25,220
      Other equity instruments – Preference Shares                                                                 34,065                      34,065
      Capital reserve                                                                                              76,681                      76,681
      Investment revaluation reserve                                                                                8,676                       5,540
      Hedging reserve                                                                                                 (26)                        (27)
      Surplus reserve                                                                                              62,291                      53,682
      Regulatory general reserve                                                                                   85,820                      75,818
      Retained profits                                                                                            255,155                     219,622
      Proposed profit appropriations                                                                               30,264                      23,707
      Exchange reserve                                                                                                206                         155
      Total equity                                                                                                578,352                     514,463
      Total equity and liabilities                                                                              6,960,232                   6,347,615

      Note: The Bank has applied IFRS 16 since 1 January 2019 in accordance with transitional provision stated in Note 3. Lease liabilities and right-of-
            use assets amounted to RMB12,136 million were recognised on initial application of IFRS 16. In addition, right-of-use assets were adjusted by
            including land use rights amounted to RMB5,212 million, prepaid lease payments under other assets amounted to RMB988 million and deducting
            accrued rental payables amounted to RMB95 million.
252   China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s reserves (continued)
            The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity
            is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Bank’s reserves are as
            follows.
                                                                      Other               Investment                           Regulatory                      Proposed
                                                      Share           equity    Capital   revaluation    Hedging     Surplus      general    Retained             profit    Exchange
                                                     capital    instruments     reserve       reserve     reserve    reserve      reserve      profits    appropriations      reserve    Subtotal
            At 1 January 2019                        25,220          34,065     76,681          5,540         (27)   53,682        75,818     219,622             23,707         155     514,463
            Changes in equity for the year                 –               –         –          3,136           1     8,609        10,002      35,533              6,557          51      63,889
            Net profit for the year                        –               –         –              –           –          –            –      86,085                  –            –     86,085
            Other comprehensive income for
              the year                                     –               –         –          3,129           1          –            –            –                 –          51       3,181
            Total comprehensive income for
              the year                                     –               –         –          3,129           1          –            –      86,085                  –          51      89,266
            Profit appropriations                          –               –         –              –           –     8,609        10,002     (50,545)             6,557            –     (25,377)
            Appropriations to statutory
              surplus reserve                              –               –         –              –           –     8,609             –      (8,609)                 –            –           –
            Appropriations to regulatory
              general reserve                              –               –         –              –           –          –       10,002     (10,002)                 –            –           –
            Dividends paid for the year 2018               –               –         –              –           –          –            –           –            (23,707)           –     (23,707)
            Proposed dividends for the year 2019           –               –         –              –           –          –            –     (30,264)            30,264            –           –
            Dividends paid for preference shares           –               –         –              –           –          –            –      (1,670)                 –            –      (1,670)
            Transfers within equity upon disposal
              of equity Instruments designated at
              FVTOCI                                       –               –         –              7           –          –            –           (7)                –            –           –
            At 31 December 2019                      25,220          34,065     76,681          8,676         (26)   62,291        85,820     255,155             30,264         206     578,352

                                                                       Other               Investment                           Regulatory                      Proposed
                                                       Share           equity   Capital    revaluation   Hedging     Surplus       general   Retained              profit   Exchange
                                                      capital    instruments    reserve        reserve    reserve    reserve       reserve     profits     appropriations     reserve    Subtotal
            At 1 January 2018                        25,220          34,065     76,681         (1,603)        (86)   46,159        69,790     183,307             21,185          (78)   454,640
            Changes in equity for the year                 –               –         –          7,143         59      7,523         6,028      36,315              2,522         233      59,823
            Net profit for the year                        –               –         –              –           –          –            –      75,232                  –            –     75,232
            Other comprehensive income for
              the year                                     –               –         –          7,143         59           –            –            –                 –         233       7,435
            Total comprehensive income for
              the year                                     –               –         –          7,143         59           –            –      75,232                  –         233      82,667
            Profit appropriations                          –               –         –              –           –     7,523         6,028     (38,917)             2,522            –     (22,844)
            Appropriations to statutory
              surplus reserve                              –               –         –              –           –     7,523             –      (7,523)                 –            –           –
            Appropriations to regulatory
              general reserve                              –               –         –              –           –          –        6,028      (6,028)                 –            –           –
            Dividends paid for the year 2017               –               –         –              –           –          –            –           –            (21,185)           –     (21,185)
            Proposed dividends for the year 2018           –               –         –              –           –          –            –     (23,707)            23,707            –           –
            Dividends paid for preference shares           –               –         –              –           –          –            –      (1,659)                 –            –      (1,659)
            At 31 December 2018                      25,220          34,065     76,681          5,540         (27)   53,682        75,818     219,622             23,707         155     514,463
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                       253
Annual Report 2019



55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statements
(a)   Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
      original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                 2019                        2018
      Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                   90,383                        52,302
      Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                    61,260                        84,517
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                227,606                       200,326
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                  103,633                       191,923
      Debt securities investments                                                                                           106,793                        14,615
      Total                                                                                                                 589,675                       543,683



(b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
      changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
      consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities
                                             Negotiable
                                              interbank     Certificates        Debt                                            Other
                                             certificates    of deposit    securities       Interest         Dividend        financial          Lease
                                              of deposit         issued       issued        payable           payable       liabilities     liabilities       Total
      At 1 January 2019                         245,406          29,343        160,174          2,599               26          2,879          12,807      453,234
      Cash changes:
      Proceeds from the issue                   455,128          27,631         70,607               –              –           6,509                –      559,875
      Repayment                                (351,235)        (30,921)       (22,363)              –              –            (185)          (4,302)    (409,006)
      Interest/dividend paid                     (9,921)              –              –          (7,416)       (25,673)              –                –      (43,010)
      Non-cash changes:
      Acquisition of lease liabilities                 –              –              –              –               –                –          5,317        5,317
      Accrued interest                                 –              –              –          7,646               –                –            557        8,203
      Dividend declared                                –              –              –              –          25,673                –              –       25,673
      Discount or premium
         amortisation                             9,897              70             18              –                –              –               –        9,985
      Fair value adjustments                          –              16             90              –                –            105               –          211
      Foreign exchange                                9             635            745              –                –             17               –        1,406
      At 31 December 2019                       349,284          26,774        209,271          2,829               26          9,325          14,379      611,888

                                                Negotiable
                                                 interbank      Certificates            Debt                                                  Other
                                                certificates     of deposit        securities           Interest         Dividend         financial
                                                 of deposit          issued           issued            payable           payable         liabilities         Total
      At 1 January 2018                           178,189            24,120         101,592               1,820                26                  –      305,747
      Cash changes:
      Proceeds from the issue                      407,328           32,300          73,029                    –               –             2,921         515,578
      Repayment                                   (342,201)         (28,389)        (15,590)                   –               –              (431)       (386,611)
      Interest/dividend paid                        (6,659)               –               –               (5,154)        (22,912)                –         (34,725)
      Non-cash changes:
      Accrued interest                                      –              –               –              5,933                –                   –        5,933
      Dividend declared                                     –              –               –                  –           22,912                   –       22,912
      Discount or premium
         amortisation                               8,588                56             (47)                  –                 –                –          8,597
      fair value adjustments                            –                10               4                   –                 –              389            403
      Foreign exchange                                161             1,246           1,186                   –                 –                –          2,593
      At 31 December 2018                         245,406            29,343         160,174               2,599                26            2,879        440,427



(c)   Significant non-cash transactions
      There are no significant non-cash transactions during the year.
254   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      56. Operating segments
            The Group’s principal activities are commercial lending and deposits taking. The funding of existing retail and
            corporate loans are mainly from customer deposits.
            The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business lines and
            geography.



      (1)   Wholesale finance business
            The financial services for the corporate clients, sovereigns, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
            service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
            inter-bank business comprised of lending and buy-back, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
            services.



      (2)   Retail finance business
            The provision of financial services to retail customers includes: lending and deposit taking activities, bank card
            business, wealth management services, private banking and other services.



      (3)   Other Business
            Other business includes: property leasing and businesses operated by subsidiaries other than CMB WLB, and
            associates and joint ventures. None of these segments meets any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segments
            division.
            For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
            income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
            expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
            account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
            costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
            As listed in Note (4), the accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting
            policies. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment
            transactions are offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2019 and 2018. Internal
            transactions are conducted at fair value.
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                     255
Annual Report 2019



56. Operating segments (continued)
(a)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                          Wholesale                     Retail
                                                      financial business          financial business           Other business                    Total

                                                        2019            2018        2019           2018         2019             2018        2019            2018
      External net interest income                     18,083         24,466     116,421        100,299        38,586        35,619      173,090         160,384
      Internal net interest income/(expense)           57,697         52,553     (19,656)       (17,681)      (38,041)      (34,872)           –               –
      Net interest income                              75,780         77,019      96,765         82,618          545              747    173,090         160,384
      Net fee and commission income                    21,246         20,095      46,724         42,700        3,523             3,685     71,493          66,480
      Other net income                                 14,806         12,181       1,227            525        7,449             7,565     23,482          20,271
      Operating income                                111,832        109,295     144,716        125,843       11,517         11,997      268,065         247,135
      Operating expenses
       – Property, equipment and
          investment properties depreciation           (1,578)        (1,527)     (2,368)        (2,255)       (2,433)       (1,488)       (6,379)         (5,270)
       – Right-of-use assets depreciation              (1,730)           N/A      (2,473)           N/A          (161)          N/A        (4,364)            N/A
       – Others                                       (31,451)       (29,683)    (45,547)       (43,803)       (3,756)       (2,354)      (80,754)        (75,840)
      Reportable segment profit before
        impairment losses                              77,073         78,085      94,328         79,785        5,167             8,155   176,568         166,025
      Expected credit losses and impairment
        losses on other assets                        (30,642)       (38,171)    (27,911)       (21,522)       (2,606)       (1,144)      (61,159)        (60,837)
      Share of profit of associates and
        joint ventures                                      –               –          –               –       1,723             1,309      1,723           1,309
      Reportable segment profit before tax             46,431         39,914      66,417         58,263        4,284             8,320   117,132         106,497
      Capital expenditure (note (i))                    2,979          3,291       4,275          4,858       15,158             9,256    22,412          17,405

                                                           Wholesale                    Retail
                                                       financial business         financial business            Other business                   Total
                                                  31 December    31 December 31 December    31 December 31 December      31 December 31 December     31 December
                                                         2019           2018        2019           2018        2019             2018        2019            2018
      Reportable segment assets                     3,194,551       2,831,765   2,307,439      2,045,530   1,831,826       1,794,697     7,333,816       6,671,992
      Reportable segment liabilities                3,737,661       3,526,129   1,846,913      1,598,208   1,147,923       1,007,225     6,732,497       6,131,562
      Interest in associates and joint ventures             –               –           –              –      10,784           8,871        10,784           8,871

      Note:

      (i)        Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring long-term segment assets.
256   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (b)   Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
            and other material items
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2019              2018
            Total operating income for reportable segments                    268,065            247,135
            Total profit before income tax for reportable segments            117,132            106,497

                                                                     31 December 2019   31 December 2018
            Assets
            Total assets for reportable segments                            7,333,816          6,671,992
            Goodwill                                                            9,954              9,954
            Intangible assets                                                     708                735
            Deferred tax assets                                                65,151             58,374
            Other unallocated assets                                            7,611              4,674
            Consolidated total assets                                       7,417,240          6,745,729
            Liabilities
            Total liabilities for reportable segments                       6,732,497          6,131,562
            Tax payable                                                        19,069             20,411
            Other unallocated liabilities                                      47,967             50,151
            Consolidated total liabilities                                  6,799,533          6,202,124
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                                       257
Annual Report 2019



56. Operating segments (continued)
(c)   Geographical segments
      The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
      municipalities directly under the central government. The Group also has branches operation in Hong Kong, New
      York, Singapore, London, Sydney and Luxembourg, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, Shenzhen and Shanghai
      and representative offices in Beijing, New York and Taipei.
      In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
      location of the branches, subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are allocated
      based on the geographical location of the underlying assets.
      To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
      –           “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter, special purpose vehicles at the branch level which are
                  directly under the headquarter, associates and joint ventures, including the headquarter and credit card
                  centres, etc.;
      –           “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                  province;
      –           “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches and representative offices in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality,
                  Shandong province and Hebei province;
      –           “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;
      –           “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;
      –           “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                  Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
      –           “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                  province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                  region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                  autonomous region;
      –           “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                  and representative offices in London, New York, and Taipei; and
      –           “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB,
                  CMBICHC, CMBFLC, CMFM,CMBWM, etc.

                                          Total assets             Total liabilities       Non-current assets       Profit before tax        Operating income
                                                                                                            For the year For the year For the year For the year
                                                                                                                  ended        ended        ended        ended
                                   31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
      Geographical information            2019        2018        2019        2018        2019        2018         2019         2018         2019         2018
      Headquarter                    3,306,057     3,129,174   2,856,659       2,739,929    37,821        34,056    16,363         12,017    111,034      91,577
      Yangtze River Delta region       912,227       777,607     893,454         759,258     6,177         2,948    24,634         24,040     33,895      34,386
      Bohai Rim region                 582,344       526,143     570,647         513,813     4,701         2,015    15,809         16,383     27,124      26,946
      Pearl River Delta and West
        Coast region                   795,968       693,830    778,866          679,961     4,556         2,137    21,657         19,279     31,591      31,936
      Northeast region                 150,072       144,367    147,584          146,060     2,006         1,125     3,271         (1,320)     5,998       6,349
      Central region                   457,081       389,081    449,597          380,025     4,344         2,524    10,282         11,930     16,995      16,925
      Western region                   444,856       380,152    436,575          371,913     4,692         2,389    10,880         10,790     17,361      17,491
      Overseas                         238,988       240,080    233,402          234,741     1,344           145     2,669          3,041      3,731       4,285
      Subsidiaries                     529,647       465,295    432,749          376,424    48,005        38,903    11,567         10,337     20,336      17,240
      Total                          7,417,240     6,745,729   6,799,533       6,202,124   113,646        86,242   117,132       106,497     268,065     247,135

      Note: Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use assets,
            intangible assets, goodwill, etc.
258   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      57. Assets pledged as security
            The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks liabilities under repurchase
            arrangements:
                                                                                                     2019                2018
            Borrowing from central banks                                                           359,175            405,314
            Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                63,233             78,141
            Subtotal                                                                               422,408            483,455
            Assets pledged
              – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               10,908             18,925
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                 229,202            280,262
              – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                   21,907             71,196
              – Other assets                                                                        90,636            109,757
              – Loans and advances to customers                                                    190,363                  –
            Total                                                                                  543,016            480,140

            The transactions under repurchase agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and customary to standard
            lending and securities borrowing and lending activities.



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
      (a)   Credit commitments
            At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
            approved loans and credit card limits.
            The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
            parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
            expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
            The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
            The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amount reflected
            in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represents the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
            the end of the reporting period if counterparties defaulted.
                                                                                              2019
                                                                                       –Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                         –Stage 1      ECL- not       (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)           Total
            Irrevocable guarantees                                       200,021         1,129               277      201,427
            Of which: Financial guarantees                               101,477           951                 3      102,431
                        Non-financial guarantees                          98,544           178               274       98,996
            Irrevocable letters of credit                                 80,354           788                56       81,198
            Bills of acceptances                                         269,055         3,630                77      272,762
            Irrevocable loan commitments                                 187,404           334               284      188,022
               – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)     100,090           143                71      100,304
               – with an original maturity over 1 year                    87,314           191               213       87,718
            Credit card commitments                                      954,555         6,130               100      960,785
            Others                                                        75,119             –                 –       75,119
            Total                                                      1,766,508        12,011               794    1,779,313
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                           259
Annual Report 2019



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(a)   Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                           2018
                                                                                   –Stage 2
                                                                                   (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1        ECL- not          (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month            credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                       ECL)       impaired)         impaired)          Total
      Irrevocable guarantees                                       234,373              370               357      235,100
      Of which: Financial guarantees                               142,937              288                 3      143,228
                  Non-financial guarantees                          91,436               82               354       91,872
      Irrevocable letters of credit                                 66,198            1,038                 6       67,242
      Bills of acceptances                                         234,681            2,134                12      236,827
      Irrevocable loan commitments                                  96,741              137                12       96,890
         – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      42,790               54                12       42,856
         – with an original maturity over 1 year                    53,951               83                 –       54,034
      Credit card commitments                                      836,924            8,497                81      845,502
      Others                                                        74,918                5                 –       74,923
      Total                                                      1,543,835          12,181                468    1,556,484

      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit includes sight letters of credit of RMB9,368 million
      (31 December 2018: RMB8,679 million), usance letters of credit of RMB2,068 million (31 December 2018: RMB5,640
      million), other commitments of RMB69,762 million (31 December 2018: RMB52,923 million).
      Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
      and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
      These contingent liabilities and commitments have off-balance sheet credit risk. Before the commitments are fulfilled
      or expired, management assesses and makes allowances for expected credit losses accordingly. As the facilities may
      expire without being drawn upon, the total of the contractual amounts is not representative of expected future cash
      outflows.
      Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB2,829,535 million at 31
      December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB2,236,875 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
      or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
      lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
      result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                  2019                2018
      Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                    444,075            373,397

      The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitment in accordance
      with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued by the CBIRC.
      The amount within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the internal rating-based
      approach, and the standardised approach is used to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based
      approach.
260   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (b)   Capital commitments
            Authorised capital commitments were as follows:
                                                                                                     2019                  2018
            – Contracted for                                                                        49,045               10,067
            – Authorised but not contracted for                                                      1,639                  394
            Total                                                                                   50,684               10,461



      (c)   Outstanding litigations
            At 31 December 2019, the Group was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with gross claims of RMB778
            million (2018: RMB515 million) arising from its banking activities. The Group considers that no material losses would
            be incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has been made in
            the consolidated financial statements.



      (d)   Redemption obligations
            As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
            holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time
            before their maturity date is based on the coupon value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption
            date. Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules issued by the
            MOF and the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the
            redemption date.
            The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
            Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                                     2019                  2018
            Redemption obligations                                                                  27,363               25,568

            The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
            Group will not be material.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                     261
Annual Report 2019



59. Transactions on behalf of customers
(a)   Entrusted lending business
      The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
      business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
      on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
      usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
      instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
      an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
      Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
      position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss as fee and commission income.
      At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                        2019                    2018
      Entrusted loans                                                                               320,404                 417,263
      Entrusted funds                                                                              (320,404)                (417,263)



(b)   Wealth management services
      The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
      corporate and personal banking customers. The funds obtained from wealth management services are invested
      in investment products, including bonds, funds, and entrusted loans. The Group initiated the launch of wealth
      management products. The investment risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in
      these products. The Group does not consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission
      which represents the charges on customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
      The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
      recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
      management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
      At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed
      wealth management services were as follows:
                                                                                                        2019                    2018
      Funds received from customers under wealth management services                              2,098,944               1,851,964

      Notes: Funds received from customers under wealth management services are the funds received from customers under unconsolidated
             non-principal-guaranteed wealth management services.
262   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management
      (a)   Credit risk
            Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
            obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
            industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
            same economic development, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
            The Group has designed its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify,
            evaluate and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed
            by the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work
            process and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
            With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
            Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions, including each
            business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout the entire credit
            process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring.
            With respect to the credit risk management of corporate financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
            guideline, and enhances credit acceptance and exit policies for corporate and institutional clients, and implements
            limit control measures to improve the quality of credit exposure.
            With respect to the credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group relies on credit assessment of
            applicants as the basis for loan approval. Customer relationship managers are required to assess the income level,
            credit history, and repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on
            borrowers’ repayment ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes
            overdue, the Group starts the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
            To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
            guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or credit risk offset. Collateral structures
            and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they can still cover the given risks and be consistent with
            market practices.
            In respect of loan classification, the Group adopts a risk based loan classification methodology. Currently, the Group
            categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis in order to refine internal risk classification management
            (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
            The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved
            in loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application,
            post-lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
            Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers are in the same business, located in the same
            geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their obligations
            may be affected by the same economic changes. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the sensitivity of
            the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of credit risk, the
            Group has formulated the quota limit management policy to monitor and analyse the loan portfolio.
            Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are stated in Note 22.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                263
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(i)    Internal credit risk rating
       The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The Group classifies credit risk into 25 grades. The
       internal credit risk rating is based on the predicted default risk. Internal credit risk ratings are based on qualitative
       and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale business include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate,
       industry, etc. For customers of retail business include maturity, ageing, mortgage rate, etc.


(ii)   Significant increase in credit risk
       As describe in Note 4, the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
       In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
       of a default occurring on the financial instrument and other items as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
       occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group
       considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note
       60(a)(i)), as well as internal warning signal, the result of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group
       regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are applicable to the current situation.
       For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
       the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating
       of the customer has met the standard of downgrading; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a
       certain level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
       For retail business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
       the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; or the customer has other
       significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
       For credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
       the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer has early credit
       risk warning signals; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
       A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
       capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
       business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
       cash flow obligations.
       For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable
       commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
       for impairment.
       The Group considers that a debt instrument has been credit impaired when its 5-tier loan classification is
       substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.
264   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt instrument.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.


      (iv)    Incorporation of forward-looking information
              According to the different risk characteristics of assets, the Group divides assets into different asset groups, identifies
              macro indicators related to credit risks, and establishes regression models.
              The Group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort, and predict the
              macroeconomic assumptions. External information includes macroeconomic data, forecast information issued by
              government or regulatory agencies, for example, GDP, fixed asset investment, total social consumption, etc. The
              Group assigns different scenarios to different probabilities.
              The forecasts of macroeconomic indicators in the indicators pool are provided periodically by the Group. Based on
              macroeconomic statistical analyzes and expert judgements, the Group determines the values and the weightings of
              those macroeconomic indicators under optimistic, neutral and pessimistic scenarios. The Group measures PD as a
              weighted average of PD under the three scenarios, with the combination of the dynamic LGD of different business,
              the Group calculates the forward-looking adjusted ECL.


      (v)     Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
              The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The model
              is grouped based on shared risk characteristics, and the primary grouping reference indicators include scale, business
              type and collateral type.


      (vi)    Maximum exposure
              The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking account of any collateral held or other credit
              enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets (including derivatives) as disclosed in the
              consolidated statement of financial position and the irrevocable contract amount of the off balance sheet items
              disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December 2019, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure is
              RMB8,997,378 million (2018: RMB8,134,428 million).


      (vii)   Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
              The carrying amount of loans and advances that were impaired and the terms been renegotiated was RMB25,022
              million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB22,766 million).
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                             265
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)      Credit risk (continued)
(viii)   Credit quality of debt investments
         At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of debt investments by designated external
         credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                   2019                     2018
         Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                                  851                       968
         Impairment allowances                                                                                     (571)                     (455)
         Subtotal                                                                                                   280                       513
         Neither overdue nor impaired
         AAA                                                                                                   348,673                   296,427
         AA- to AA+                                                                                             50,791                    70,452
         A- to A+                                                                                              656,976                   597,389
         Lower than A-                                                                                          20,972                    27,726
         Unrated                                                                                               295,750                   214,306
         Impairment allowances                                                                                  (3,965)                   (3,575)
         Subtotal                                                                                            1,369,197                1,202,725
         Total                                                                                               1,369,477                1,203,238

         Note: Bonds issued by the governments, central banks and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB1,099,430 million (2018: RMB932,751
               million) are included.




(ix)     Collateral
         An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
         overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                                   2019                     2018
         Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit
           enhancements held against – Loans and advances to customers                                            8,495                   20,618



(x)      Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
         Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                                      2019
                                                                                            –Stage 2              –Stage 3
                                                                       –Stage 1        (Lifetime ECL             (Lifetime
                                                                     (12-month          – not credit-           ECL-credit
                                                                           ECL)            impaired)            impaired)                   Total
         Balance as at the beginning of the year                      3,610,711                90,942                53,611           3,755,264
         Net changes for the year                                       505,432                (8,476)                  752             497,708
         Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                        26,138              (26,034)                 (104)                   –
         – Stage 2                                                       (39,048)              40,213                (1,165)                   –
         – Stage 3                                                       (15,168)             (16,504)               31,672                    –
         Write-offs                                                            –                    –               (32,201)             (32,201)
         Balance as at the end of the year                            4,088,065                80,141                52,565           4,220,771
266   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (continued)
      (x)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
            Loans and advances measured at amortised cost: (continued)
                                                                                        2018
                                                                                  –Stage 2
                                                               –Stage 1     (Lifetime ECL            –Stage 3
                                                             (12-month       – not credit-     (Lifetime ECL-
                                                                   ECL)          impaired)   credit impaired)       Total
            Balance as at the beginning of the year          3,316,816            70,498             57,848     3,445,162
            Net changes for the year                           343,854            (6,173)            (1,382)      336,299
            Transfer to
            – Stage 1                                             9,422           (9,296)               (126)           –
            – Stage 2                                           (46,231)          46,633                (402)           –
            – Stage 3                                           (13,150)         (10,720)             23,870            –
            Write-offs                                                –                –             (26,197)     (26,197)
            Balance as at the end of the year                3,610,711            90,942             53,611     3,755,264

            Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                        2019
                                                                                –Stage 2           –Stage 3
                                                              –Stage 1     (Lifetime ECL          (Lifetime
                                                            (12-month       – not credit-        ECL-credit
                                                                  ECL)         impaired)         impaired)          Total
            Balance as at the beginning of the year            906,028             1,037               4,283     911,348
            Net changes for the year                            10,293              (456)                282      10,119
            Transfer to
            – Stage 1                                                 3                (3)                 –            –
            – Stage 2                                                (9)                9                  –            –
            – Stage 3                                              (109)               (7)               116            –
            Balance as at the end of the year                  916,206               580               4,681     921,467

                                                                                        2018
                                                                                  –Stage 2
                                                               –Stage 1     (Lifetime ECL            –Stage 3
                                                             (12-month       – not credit-    (Lifetime ECL –
                                                                   ECL)          impaired)   credit impaired)       Total
            Balance as at the beginning of the year            930,062               264               3,425     933,751
            Net changes for the year                           (23,449)              873                 173     (22,403)
            Transfer to
            – Stage 1                                                83               (72)               (11)           –
            – Stage 2                                               (66)               70                 (4)           –
            – Stage 3                                              (602)              (98)               700            –
            Balance as at the end of the year                  906,028             1,037               4,283     911,348
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                     267
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(xi)   Credit quality of financial instruments
       The staging of credit risk of loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed
       in note 22 and note 23(b) respectively, the staging of credit risk of other financial instruments are as follows:
                                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                     Balance                                                Expected credit loss
                                                                Stage 2                                                      Stage 2
                                                              (Lifetime           Stage 3                                  (Lifetime          Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1   ECL – not          (Lifetime                   Stage 1       ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                (12-month        credit-       ECL-credit                (12-month            credit-      ECL-credit
                                                      ECL)   impaired)         impaired)       Total           ECL)       impaired)        impaired)        Total
       Cash and Balances with central banks       567,613             –                 –    567,613                 –             –                  –         –
       Balances with banks and
         other financial institutions             106,295             –                11    106,306             (361)             –                (11)    (372)
       Placements with banks and
         other financial institutions             306,656             –                 –    306,656             (338)             –                  –     (338)
       Amounts held under resale
          agreements                              109,153             –              200     109,353             (196)             –               (200)    (396)
       Debt investments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income               472,112            48              426     472,586            (1,667)           (5)              (928)   (2,600)

                                                                                             31 December 2018
                                                                     Balance                                               Expected credit loss
                                                               Stage 2                                                      Stage 2
                                                              (Lifetime           Stage 3                                  (Lifetime           Stage 3
                                                   Stage 1   ECL – not           (Lifetime                   Stage 1      ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                (12-month        credit-       ECL-credit                 (12-month           credit-       ECL-credit
                                                      ECL)   impaired)          impaired)       Total           ECL)      impaired)          impaired)      Total
       Cash and Balances with central banks       493,135             –                 –    493,135                 –             –                  –         –
       Balances with banks and other
         financial institutions                   100,011             –                11    100,022             (160)             –                (11)    (171)
       Placements with banks and other
         financial institutions                   312,559             –                 –    312,559             (405)             –                  –     (405)
       Amounts held under resale
         agreements                               199,718             –              200     199,918             (537)             –               (200)    (737)
       Debt investments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income               414,122            53              516     414,691            (1,089)          (39)              (769)   (1,897)

       Notes: The balance of the financial instrument disclosed above does not include interest receivable, and most of the corresponding interest receivable is
              stage 1.

       During the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, there were no significant transfers of financial assets disclosed
       above between different stages.
268   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)   Market risk
            Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s financial instruments will fluctuate and
            which may result in loss to the Group, because of changes in foreign exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price,
            stock price and other market factors. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors
            relevant to the Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading
            book and banking book. The financial instruments under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
            purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments are traded
            in active market. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group for
            stable and determinable return, or for the purposes of hedging the risks arising from the banking book position.
            The financial instruments under the banking book include both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet
            exposure, and have relative stable market value.


      (i)   Foreign exchange risk
            Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
            currency and foreign currency derivative positions which may expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
            unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated
            in RMB, and the other currencies are mainly USD and HKD. The Group has established its foreign exchange
            risk management and governance framework based on segregation of duty principle, which segregates the
            responsibilities of the establishment, execution and supervision of foreign exchange risk. This framework specified
            the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of supervisors, senior management,
            designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management of foreign exchange risk. The
            Group takes a prudent strategy in the management of foreign exchange risk, and would not voluntarily take foreign
            exchange risk, which suits the current development of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk management
            policies and procedures of the Group fulfil the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the Group in the
            management of foreign exchange risk.


            (1)    Trading book
                   The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which including exchange
                   rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book for unified management. The structure,
                   process and method of exchange rate risk of trading book are consistent with the interest rate risk of trading
                   book.
                   For management and risk measurement purpose, the Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure
                   indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR, including interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity
                   risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, cumulative
                   loss index, the management method includes conducting business entitlement, setting quota limits, daily
                   monitoring and continuous reporting, etc.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                          269
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)    Banking book
             The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is overall managed by the Head Office. The Asset
             and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book foreign
             exchange risk management. The audit department is responsible for auditing. The treasurer is responsible to
             manage the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent approach and compliance with the
             regulatory requirements, and manage the foreign exchange risk through approaches such as management of
             transaction limits and adjustment of plans.
             The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB assets and
             liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to manage its foreign exchange
             risk within acceptable limits.
             The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
             for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses
             the foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly
             basis under the limit framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
             exchange rate movements to avoid the banking book foreign exchange risk.
             The Group continued to strengthen bank account exchange rate risk monitoring and authorization
             management of quota limit to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
             Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                                                               Original
                                                                          Equivalent in RMB million                       currency in million
                                                               RMB         USD         HKD       Others           Total      USD          HKD
             Assets
             Cash and Balances with central banks           510,981     48,658        4,633           3,341    567,613      6,985         5,178
             Amounts due from banks and
               other financial institutions                  377,581   115,486      16,115        12,027        521,209    16,578       18,013
             Loans and advances to customers               3,887,465   204,764     135,626        40,074      4,267,929    29,394      151,605
             Investments (including derivatives)           1,665,629    86,169      43,247        13,585      1,808,630    12,369       48,343
             Other assets                                    180,113    54,855      14,870         2,021        251,859     7,876       16,621
             Total                                         6,621,769   509,932     214,491        71,048      7,417,240    73,202      239,760
             Liabilities
             Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                other financial institutions               1,010,944   105,451       7,928        14,391      1,138,714    15,137        8,861
             Deposits from customers                       4,360,070   288,454     163,251        32,647      4,844,422    41,408      182,485
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
                profit or loss (including derivatives)       40,989     24,369        1,247              29     66,634      3,497        1,394
             Debt securities issued                         518,422     47,056        4,285           5,599    575,362      6,755        4,790
             Other liabilities                              146,101      8,210       18,802           1,288    174,401      1,179       21,016
             Total                                         6,076,526   473,540     195,513        53,954      6,799,533    67,976      218,546
             Net position                                   545,243     36,392       18,978       17,094       617,707      5,226       21,214
             Net off-balance sheet position:
             Credit commitments (note)                     1,648,248    86,415       28,351       16,299      1,779,313    12,405       31,692
             Derivatives:
               – forward purchased                          435,138     443,111      47,517       12,180       937,946     63,609       53,116
               – forward sold                              (399,138)   (350,229)     (3,647)     (13,838)     (766,852)   (50,275)      (4,077)
               – net currency option position               (15,493)     15,472        (255)       1,861         1,585      2,221         (285)
             Total                                           20,507    108,354       43,615            203     172,679     15,555       48,754
270   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)   Market risk (continued)
      (i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (2)    Banking book (continued)
                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                                                                        Original
                                                                                           Equivalent in RMB million                               currency in million
                                                                             RMB          USD            HKD           Others         Total           USD              HKD
                   Assets
                   Cash and Balances with central banks                  468,309       18,266          4,680            1,880      493,135          2,660            5,338
                   Amounts due from banks and
                     other financial institutions                         414,598     166,478         18,866           11,244      611,186         24,247         21,517
                   Loans and advances to customers                      3,377,558     191,839        130,064           41,801    3,741,262         27,941        148,339
                   Investments (including derivatives)                  1,576,694      73,949         23,563           12,290    1,686,496         10,771         26,873
                   Other assets                                           155,601      43,322         12,859            1,868      213,650          6,311         14,666
                   Total                                                5,992,760     493,854        190,032           69,083    6,745,729         71,930        216,733
                   Liabilities
                   Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                      other financial institutions                      1,025,703     103,989         13,116            7,348    1,150,156         15,146         14,959
                   Deposits from customers                              3,903,972     316,770        142,793           37,139    4,400,674         46,137        162,857
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                      or loss (including derivatives)                     49,486       29,237          1,972               19       80,714          4,258            2,249
                   Debt securities issued                                373,113       38,382          7,923            2,909      422,327          5,590            9,036
                   Other liabilities                                     131,201        7,214          5,663            4,175      148,253          1,051            6,457
                   Total                                                5,483,475     495,592        171,467           51,590    6,202,124         72,182        195,558
                   Net position                                          509,285        (1,738)       18,565           17,493      543,605           (252)          21,175
                   Net off-balance sheet position:
                   Credit commitments (note)                            1,384,833     119,708         28,089           23,854    1,556,484         17,435           32,036
                   Derivatives:
                     – forward purchased                                  515,342     586,568         52,220         25,454      1,179,584         85,433            59,557
                     – forward sold                                      (542,869)   (543,114)       (24,796)       (45,387)    (1,156,166)       (79,104)          (28,280)
                     – net currency option position                       (60,782)     64,568            364           (650)         3,500          9,404               415
                   Total                                                  (88,309)    108,022         27,788        (20,583)        26,918         15,733           31,692

                   Notes: Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn, therefore the above net position does not represent the future cash
                          outflows.

                           Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                           271
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       (2)    Banking book (continued)
              Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the
              potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net foreign exchange gains and
              losses and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity
              analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.
                                                                        2019                              2018
                                                             Change in foreign currency        Change in foreign currency
                                                                  exchange rate                     exchange rate
                                                               Down 1%             Up 1%         Down 1%            Up 1%
              Increase/(decrease) in annualised net profit          (145)             145              177             (177)
              Increase/(decrease) in annualised equity              (145)             145              177             (177)

              Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
              rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


(ii)   Interest rate risk
       Interest rate risk arises from adverse change in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to the
       income and market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


       (1)    Trading book
              According to the basic principles of risk management, the group has built and continuously improved the
              market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
              measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering the interest rate, exchange rate, commodity
              and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
              board of directors, the group manage the trading book, clearly identifies, accurately measure and effectively
              manage the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an acceptable
              range and achieve a reasonable balance of risk and return. The group constantly improve the risk-adjusted
              return level to achieve the maximum shareholder value.
              The trading book market risk governance organization structure defines the responsibilities, division of
              labor and reporting routes of the board of directors, the board of directors risk and capital management
              committee, senior management and relevant departments of the bank, to achieve management objectives.
              The market risk management department is the group’s trading book market risk department, which is
              responsible for risk policy formulation and management.
272   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (1)    Trading book (continued)
                    According to the business and market risk management organization structure, the group establishes the
                    trading book market risk quota management system. Formulated by the board of directors, the quantitative
                    index is the limitation of highest level risk, which is transmitted from top to bottom and level by level. Within
                    the scope of their authorization, management departments at all levels allocate and set quotas according
                    to risk characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business department shall carry out
                    the business according to the authorization and quota requirements, and the supervisory and administrative
                    departments at all levels shall continuously monitor and report according to the quota management
                    regulations.
                    The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, loss limit index, sensitivity index, risk
                    value index, pressure test index and other risk measurement indexes as the quota index, and sets the limit
                    value by comprehensively considering the risk preference, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk
                    return, management conditions and other factors, considering such factors as risk preference, risk tolerance,
                    business operation strategy, risk return and management conditions and other factors.
                    The group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, pressure test and other measurement
                    methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The group applies the market risk
                    measurement model in daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis of business
                    planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


             (2)    Banking book
                    The Group has established the governance and management framework according to the interest rate risk
                    management policy for the banking book, which specified the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of
                    the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the
                    effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest risk of the banking book of the Group is centrally
                    managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department. The audit department is responsible for
                    auditing.
                    The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis, duration analysis
                    and stress testing for the measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress
                    test is a form of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in NII and EVE indicators when there is an
                    extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group conducts stress test on interest rate risk of banking book on
                    a monthly basis. The results of stress test for 2019 showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the
                    Company was generally stable with various indicators staying within the set limits.
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                            273
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (2)    Banking book (continued)
              The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is neutrally prudent.
              Based on the risk measurement and monitoring results, the Group will propose the corresponding risk
              management policy at the regular meetings of the assets and liabilities management committee and through
              the reporting mechanism, and the Assets and Liabilities Management Department is responsible for its
              implementation. The major measures for risk management include the adjustment in business volume,
              duration structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and the
              utilisation of off-balance sheet derivative tools to offset risk exposure.
              The Group measures and monitors interest rate risk of banking book through the asset and liability
              management system. Major models and parameter assumptions used in the course of measurement shall be
              verified independently by the Risk Management Department before official use and shall be reviewed and
              verified regularly upon official use.
              The following table indicates the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are earlier) for
              assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                              2019
                                                                         3 months
                                                                            or less       Over            Over                 Non-
                                                                          (include    3 months           1 year     Over    interest
                                                                Total    overdue)     to 1 year      to 5 years   5 years   bearing
              Assets
              Cash and Balances with central banks            567,613     552,307             –              –          –    15,306
              Amounts due from banks and
                other financial institutions                  521,209     454,186        57,023         10,000          –         –
              Loans and advances to customers (note (i))    4,267,929   1,787,157     2,207,931        215,672     57,169         –
              Investments (including derivatives)           1,808,630     273,258       348,706        742,595    403,762    40,309
              Other assets (note (ii))                        251,859           –             –              –          –   251,859
              Total assets                                  7,417,240   3,066,908     2,613,660        968,267    460,931   307,474
              Liabilities
              Amounts due to banks and
                 other financial institutions               1,138,714     828,647      297,855           3,936      1,507     6,769
              Deposits from customers                       4,844,422   3,642,086      559,236         630,193      1,248    11,659
              Financial liabilities at fair value through
                 profit or loss (including derivatives)        66,634         415          201          10,093          –    55,925
              Lease liabilities                                14,379       1,003        2,729           8,436      2,211         –
              Debt securities issued                          575,362     117,570      302,061         120,869     34,862         –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))                   160,022       1,125            –               –          –   158,897
              Total liabilities                             6,799,533   4,590,846     1,162,082        773,527     39,828   233,250
              Asset-liability gap                             617,707   (1,523,938)   1,451,578        194,740    421,103    74,224
274   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (2)    Banking book (continued)
                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                         3 months
                                                                                             or less          Over              Over                                Non-
                                                                                           (include       3 months             1 year             Over           interest
                                                                             Total        overdue)        to 1 year        to 5 years           5 years          bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and Balances with central banks                 493,135          477,321                  –                 –                –          15,814
                    Amounts due from banks and
                      other financial institutions                       611,186          518,613           91,091                268           1,214                 –
                    Loans and advances to customers (note (i))         3,741,262        1,665,384        1,846,122            170,453          59,303                 –
                    Investments (including derivatives)                1,686,496          439,396          173,454            665,013         360,022            48,611
                    Other assets (note (ii))                             213,650                –                –                  –               –           213,650
                    Total assets                                       6,745,729        3,100,714        2,110,667            835,734         420,539           278,075
                    Liabilities
                    Amounts due to banks and
                       other financial institutions                    1,150,156          802,236           327,266            10,792            4,683            5,179
                    Deposits from customers                            4,400,674        3,424,830           545,087           417,315            2,597           10,845
                    Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss (including derivatives)             80,714               206            2,667             9,511              213           68,117
                    Debt securities issued                               422,327            77,883          197,850           101,780           44,814                –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                        148,253                19                –                 –                –          148,234
                    Total liabilities                                  6,202,124        4,305,174        1,072,870            539,398           52,307          232,375
                    Asset-liability gap                                  543,605       (1,204,460)       1,037,797            296,336         368,232            45,700

                    Note:

                    (i)       For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2019 and
                              31 December 2018, net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or part of the
                              principals or interests were overdue.

                    (ii)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

                    The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
                    Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
                    sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.
                                                                                                   2019                                         2018
                                                                                        Change in interest                             Change in interest
                                                                                       rates (in basis points)                        rates (in basis points)
                                                                                                 25                    (25)                    25                      (25)
                    (Decrease)/increase in annualised
                      net interest income                                                  (2,243)                 2,243                 (1,966)                 1,966
                    (Decrease)/increase in equity                                          (3,701)                 4,067                 (3,544)                 3,756

                    Actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and equity resulting from increase or decrease in interest
                    rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             275
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk
      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
      manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet the maturity obligations, or to perform other
      payment obligations.
      In line with its liquidity risk management policies, the Group sets out and implements the principle of supervisory
      duty segregation. It also puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and reporting
      lines of the Board of Directors, the board of supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
      departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors shall accept the
      ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensure the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor
      and control liquidity risk and are responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can withstand.
      The Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors shall discharge responsibilities in
      liquidity risk management on behalf of the Board of Directors. The board of supervisors shall be responsible for the
      supervision and evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and senior management in the liquidity
      risk management and report to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management (being the Executive
      Office of President of the Head Office) shall be responsible for the concrete management work relating to liquidity
      risk and developing a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and shall report the same to the Board of
      Director. Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) shall, under the authority of the senior management, exercise
      the corresponding liquidity risk management functions. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the
      Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO, and shall be responsible for various concrete management
      work including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative
      and quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Audit Department of the Head Office shall perform duties in respect
      of audit work of liquidity risk management, and conduct comprehensive audit on the Group’s liquidity risk
      management.
      The Group is prudent in managing the risk, which better suits its current development stage. Basically, the Group’s
      existing liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and its own management
      needs.
      The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches, subsidiaries acting in concert.
      The Asset and Liability Management Department acts as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of routine
      liquidity risk management. The treasurer is responsible for managing liquidity on a prudent basis under regulatory
      requirement, and conducting centralised liquidity management through quota management, budget control,
      initiative debt management as well as internal fund transfer pricing.
      The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as duration structures and
      contingencies. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals. Specifically, the Group adopts information
      outsourced from Wind, Reuters and other systems as its external liquidity indicators, and uses liquidity risk
      management system to measure its internal liquidity indicators and cash flow statements.
      The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity demand under extreme circumstances. Except for
      the annual stress testing requested by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on the
      liquidity risk of domestic and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
      contingency drills to strengthen the capability to liquidity crises.
276   China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
            Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by residual maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                        After         After        After
                                                                                     1 month      3 months        1 year
                                                           Repayable      Within   but within    but within   but within       After
                                                          on demand     1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
            Cash and Balances with central
              banks (note (i))                                90,384           –            –             –            –           –     477,229          –    567,613
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions                    75,300    218,574      158,030        58,606       10,518          181           –          –     521,209
            Loans and advances to customers                        –    410,349      355,891     1,217,503    1,119,454    1,149,038           –     15,694   4,267,929
            Investments (note (ii))
              – Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (including derivatives)         4,734     99,890       58,515       165,452       76,875      15,486        1,528         15    422,495
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                 –      9,041       16,218       104,421      469,749     307,331            –        712    907,472
              – Debt investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                      1,863     10,046       20,669       113,062      243,113      83,407            –        426    472,586
              – Equity investments designated at
                fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                –          –            –             –            –           –        6,077          –      6,077
            Other assets (note (iv))                          26,906      8,426        7,480        19,954       13,929       1,627      169,626      3,911    251,859
            Total assets                                     199,187    756,326      616,803     1,678,998    1,933,638    1,557,070     654,460     20,758   7,417,240
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial Institutions                  440,699    237,753      133,511       303,651       16,765       6,335            –          –   1,138,714
            Deposits from customers (note (iii))           2,863,156    360,013      426,827       561,032      632,146       1,248            –          –   4,844,422
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss (including derivatives)          9,391     13,029        7,754         6,806       23,558       6,096            –          –     66,634
            Lease liabilities                                      –        527          476         2,729        8,436       2,211            –          –     14,379
            Debt securities issued                                 –     12,008      105,563       302,062      120,867      34,862            –          –    575,362
            Other liabilities (note (iv))                     91,862     31,439       10,100        16,126        6,748         255        3,492          –    160,022
            Total liabilities                              3,405,108    654,769      684,231     1,192,406      808,520      51,007        3,492          –   6,799,533
            (Short)/long position                         (3,205,921)   101,557       (67,428)     486,592    1,125,118    1,506,063     650,968     20,758    617,707
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                         277
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                             2018
                                                                                       After        After        After
                                                                                    1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                         Repayable       Within   but within   but within   but within        After
                                                        on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years      5 years    Indefinite     Overdue         Total
      Cash and Balances with central banks (note (i))      31,621             –           –            –            –            –      461,514               –    493,135
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions                       81,344      410,287      31,664        85,447       1,230         1,214             –            –       611,186
      Loans and advances to customers                           –      414,154     275,758     1,097,315     964,517       970,623             –       18,895     3,741,262
      Investments (note (ii))
        – Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (including derivatives)            3,070      193,484       63,438      34,072       42,592        25,749        1,842          275       364,522
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –        9,809       78,307     106,912      467,555       240,250            –          435       903,268
        – Debt investments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                           434       21,042       16,391       74,532     204,145        97,770             –         377       414,691
        – Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                    –            –            –            –            –            –        4,015             –        4,015
      Other assets (note (iv))                             23,775        4,692        6,532       11,244        2,822            –      155,446         9,139      213,650
      Total assets                                        140,244     1,053,468    472,090     1,409,522    1,682,861    1,335,606      622,817        29,121     6,745,729
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial Institutions                     328,999      269,494     184,328      334,596       25,383         5,744        1,612               –   1,150,156
      Deposits from customers (note (iii))              2,705,487      392,496     333,848      547,380      418,866         2,597            –               –   4,400,674
      Financial liabilities at fair value through
         profit or loss (including derivatives)            14,608       13,904        8,400      21,810       21,760           232            –               –     80,714
      Debt securities issued                                    –       13,343       68,339     194,051      101,780        44,814            –               –    422,327
      Other liabilities (note (iv))                        65,087       44,850        9,438      19,273        5,517           766        3,322               –    148,253
      Total liabilities                                 3,114,181      734,087     604,353     1,117,110     573,306        54,153        4,934               –   6,202,124
      (Short)/long position                             (2,973,937)    319,381     (132,263)    292,412     1,109,555    1,281,453      617,883        29,121      543,605

      Notes:

      (i)            For Balances with central banks, the amount with an indefinite maturity represents statutory deposit reserve and fiscal balances maintained
                     with the PBOC.

      (ii)           The residual maturities of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss included in investments do not represent the Group’s intention to
                     hold them to maturity.

      (iii)          The deposits from customers that are repayable on demand include matured time deposits which are pending for customers’ instructions.

      (iv)           Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
278   China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
            The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
            assets, liabilities and gross loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s
            expected cash flow on these instruments and lease liabilities may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                              2019
                                                                                                          After        After          After
                                                                                                       1 month     3 months          1 year
                                                       Carrying              Repayable      Within   but within   but within     but within       After
                                                        amount        Total on demand     1 month     3 months        1 year        5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
            Non-derivative financial assets
            Cash and Balances with central banks       567,613     567,613      90,384           –            –              –            –           –     477,229          –
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions              521,209     523,740     75,300    326,801       51,242          59,109      11,107          181           –          –
            Loans and advances to customers           4,267,929   5,163,254          –    425,241      389,108       1,360,791   1,435,590    1,536,707           –     15,817
            Investments
              – Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                 398,276     410,153       4,734     96,022       56,958        160,636       71,844      18,397        1,547         15
              – Debt investments at
               amortised cost                          907,472    1,092,832           –    11,961       21,924        128,632      550,066     379,389          155        705
              – Debt investments at fair value
               through other comprehensive
               income                                  472,586     528,809       1,863     11,148       22,899        122,160      271,451      98,365          497        426
              – Equity investments designated
                at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                      6,077       6,077           –          –            –              –            –           –        6,077          –
            Other assets                                72,870      73,413      27,196      7,967        7,390         11,342        7,476       1,627        6,504      3,911
            Total                                     7,214,032   8,365,891    199,477    879,140      549,521       1,842,670   2,347,534    2,034,666     492,009     20,874
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial institutions           1,138,714   1,187,903     440,802   253,535      153,219        315,174       18,230       6,943            –          –
            Deposits from customers                   4,844,422   4,993,293   2,906,977   364,336      434,185        581,100      705,095       1,600            –          –
            Financial liabilities at fair value
               through profit or loss                   43,434      44,233       9,391     10,202        3,941          1,094       13,545       6,060            –          –
            Lease liabilities                           14,379      15,858           –        525          475          2,768        9,445       2,645            –          –
            Debt securities issued                     575,362     599,308           –     12,541      107,009        306,506      132,560      40,692            –          –
            Other liabilities                          128,346     129,318      61,356     30,778        9,326         15,171        7,486         245        4,956          –
            Total                                     6,744,657   6,969,913   3,418,526   671,917      708,155       1,221,813     886,361      58,185        4,956          –
            Gross loan commitments                                1,148,807   1,148,807          –            –              –            –           –           –          –
China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements                                                                                                       279
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                   2018
                                                                                                      After        After        After
                                                                                                   1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                 Carrying                Repayable      Within   but within   but within   but within       After
                                                 amount         Total   on demand     1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
      Non-derivative financial assets
      Cash and Balances with central banks       493,135     493,135       31,621            –            –           –            –            –    461,514           –
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions              611,186     664,376      92,117     425,647      42,522        99,309        3,567        1,214           –          –
      Loans and advances to customers           3,741,262   4,485,884           –     429,359     305,185     1,224,946    1,225,783    1,281,883           –     18,728
      Investments
        – Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                 330,302     343,188        3,070     190,274       59,861       23,319       34,330      30,190       1,868        276
        – Debt investments at
         amortised cost                          903,268    1,059,887            –     11,876       82,521     126,478      539,495      298,966            –       551
        – Debt investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive
         income                                  414,691     469,935          434      22,104       18,406       83,448     232,981      112,052            –       510
        – Equity investments designated
          at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                      4,015       4,017            –           –            –            –            –            –      4,017           –
      Other assets                                68,165      68,290       24,041       4,861        6,485       10,969        2,772            –     10,023       9,139
      Total                                     6,566,024   7,588,712     151,283    1,084,121    514,980     1,568,469    2,038,928    1,724,305    477,422      29,204
      Non-derivative financial liabilities
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial institutions           1,150,156   1,195,858     342,929     275,784     197,112      344,251       27,644        6,526       1,612           –
      Deposits from customers                   4,400,674   4,523,601   3,072,330     220,813     251,698      504,660      470,186        3,914           –           –
      Financial liabilities at fair value
         through profit or loss                   44,144      45,152       21,576       5,765        1,999       5,320        10,279         213           –           –
      Debt securities issued                     422,327     454,141            –      23,224       68,511     224,268        88,801      49,337           –           –
      Other liabilities                          117,184     117,690       35,521      44,540        9,085      17,487         7,224       1,863       1,970           –
      Total                                     6,134,485   6,336,442   3,472,356     570,126     528,405     1,095,986     604,134       61,853       3,582           –
      Gross loan commitments                                 942,392      942,392            –            –           –            –            –           –          –

      Note:       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
280   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (d)   Operational risk
            Operational risk arises from the direct and indirect loss due to technique, procedure, infrastructure and staff
            deficiency, as well as other risks which have effect on operation, which includes legal risk. But the strategic risk and
            reputation risk are not included.
            During the reporting period, through the strengthening of operational risk appraisal and assessment mechanisms,
            stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in key areas, the Group carried out a
            comprehensive special management of low-risk business. Starting with process, institution, employee and system, the
            Group focused on the existing problems of critical control segment, and measured these problems by management
            requirement’s solidification and refinement. Meanwhile, further improvement on operational risk management
            framework and methods, developing operational risk assessment mechanism and strengthening operational risk
            management economic capital allocation mechanism can enhance the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
            management in the Group. Now all major indexes can meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.
            In face of challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
            preference, continue to upgrade its risk management skills, strengthen operational risk monitoring and controls, as
            well as endeavour to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



      (e)   Capital management
            The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
            –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
                   requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion and
                   strategic planning implementation for comprehensive and coordinated and sustainable growth;
            –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
                   disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
                   entire group;
            –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various
                   risk-specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application
                   regimes, strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate client
                   pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
            –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
                   structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns to shareholders.
            The Group manages its capital structure and adjust it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
            of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
            issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
            debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under an approach regulated by
            CBIRC. The Group and the Bank file required information to CBIRC quarterly.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             281
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(e)   Capital management (continued)
      The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
      calculation covers the Bank’s all branches. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
      scope of consolidated statements in respect of the capital adequacy ratio included: CMB WLB, CMBICHC, CMBFLC
      and CMFM, CMBWM.
      Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the CBIRC’s
      Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) and other relevant regulations. On 18 April 2014,
      the CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the advanced capital management approach. Within the scope of approval
      of the CBIRC, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the primary internal
      rating-based approach, retail risk exposure using the advanced internal rating-based approach, market risk using
      the internal model approach, and operational risk using the standardised approach. At the same time, the CBIRC
      implemented a transition period for commercial banks approved to use the advanced approach to calculate capital.
      During the transition period, the commercial banks should use both the advanced approach and other approaches to
      calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with minimum capital requirements.
      The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
      ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resisting. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
      management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
      to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
      Group’s operating conditions.
      The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plans and manages its capital
      adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
      and risk movement trends.



(f)   Use of derivatives
      Derivatives include forward, swap and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
      interest rate markets.
      The Group enters into interest rate, currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business and its
      assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivative financial instruments can be divided into trading
      derivative financial instruments, cash flow hedge financial instruments and derivative financial instruments managed
      in conjunction with financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss.
      The Group will choose appropriate hedging strategies and tools in light of the risk profile of interest rates or
      exchange rates of its assets and liabilities, as well as its analyses and judgement regarding future interest rates or
      exchange rate movements.
      The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Such risk
      can be offset through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts or foreign exchange option contracts.
282   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
            In cash flow hedge, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest cash flows
            arising from the RMB loans and interbank assets portfolios.
            The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair value of derivatives of
            the Group by residual maturity at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives indicate
            the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, not representing amounts at
            risk.
                                                                                           2019
                                                            Notional amounts with remaining life of                    Fair value
                                                              Between        Between
                                                  Within     3 months           1 year   More than
                                                3 months    and 1 year     and 5 years     5 years          Total   Assets      Liabilities
            Derivatives at fair value
               through profit or loss
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                775,720    2,143,146      1,723,469         1,272     4,643,607   10,960          (10,676)
            Bond forwards                            488            348            35               –        871       17               (14)
            Bond futures                              10              –             –               –         10        –                 –
            Bond options                               –              –           279               –        279        1                 –
            Subtotal                              776,218    2,143,494      1,723,783         1,272     4,644,767   10,978          (10,690)
            Currency derivatives
              Forwards                             36,636        7,007            803        21,541       65,987       569             (477)
              Foreign exchange swaps              428,898      390,664         12,541         1,315      833,418     8,595           (7,781)
              Futures                                 380        2,564              –             –        2,944         –                –
              Options                             124,262      103,354          5,183             –      232,799     3,313           (3,498)
            Subtotal                              590,176      503,589         18,527        22,856     1,135,148   12,477          (11,756)
            Other derivatives
              Equity options purchased              1,423          5,113       56,447               –     62,983      507                 –
              Equity options written                1,423          5,113       56,447               –     62,983        –              (507)
              Commodity trading                     1,608            573          539               –      2,720      241              (213)
              Credit default swap                     697            836            –               –      1,533        2                 –
            Subtotal                                5,151       11,635        113,433               –    130,219      750              (720)
            Cash flow hedge derivatives
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                    55           6,549          507             209      7,320         5                –
            Derivatives managed in
               conjunction with financial
               instruments designated
               at fair value through
               profit or loss
            Interest rate derivatives
               Interest rate swaps                   634           1,271        2,577               –      4,482         7              (34)
            Currency derivatives
               Foreign exchange swaps                   –              –          586               –        586         2                –
            Subtotal                                 634           1,271        3,163               –      5,068         9              (34)
            Total                                                                                                   24,219          (23,200)
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                         283
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                         2018
                                                        Notional amounts with remaining life of                         Fair value
                                                         Between        Between
                                             Within     3 months           1 year      More than
                                           3 months    and 1 year     and 5 years        5 years            Total    Assets          Liabilities
      Derivatives at fair value
         through profit or loss
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                636,827    1,804,827       1,922,312            3,323      4,367,289     15,929           (14,748)
         Bond Forwards                          481          618             343                –          1,442        198              (198)
      Subtotal                            637,308     1,805,445      1,922,655            3,323       4,368,731     16,127           (14,946)
      Currency derivatives
        Forwards                             55,071       25,398              148         11,172          91,789      1,104              (867)
        Foreign exchange swaps              450,164      604,153            9,767              –       1,064,084     13,748           (12,551)
        Futures                                   –        2,839                –              –           2,839          –                 –
        Options                             185,109      253,869            5,377              –         444,355      2,766            (7,903)
      Subtotal                              690,344      886,259          15,292          11,172       1,603,067     17,618           (21,321)
      Other derivatives
        Equity options purchased              1,160             –         55,926                  –       57,086       169                   –
        Equity options written                1,160             –         55,926                  –       57,086         –                (169)
        Commodity trading                       121           171             11                  –          303        69                 (69)
        Credit default swap                       –           570            137                  –          707         4                  (1)
      Subtotal                                2,441           741        112,000                  –      115,182       242                (239)
      Cash flow hedge derivatives
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                    52           2,103          6,864               339        9,358       118                   (2)
      Derivatives managed in
         conjunction with financial
         instruments designated
         at fair value through
         profit or loss
      Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps                   624            735           4,707                 –        6,066       103                  (62)
      Currency derivatives
         Foreign exchange swaps                   –          2,164            618                 –        2,782        12                    –
      Subtotal                                 624           2,899          5,325                 –        8,848       115                  (62)
      Total                                                                                                          34,220           (36,570)

      There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedge during the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.
      The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows. These amounts have taken the
      effects of bilateral netting arrangements into account.
284   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                                                              2019                        2018
            Credit risk weighted assets of counterparties
            Interest rate derivatives                                                                                          257                         272
            Currency derivatives                                                                                             6,404                       7,728
            Other derivatives                                                                                                4,439                       4,236
            Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                                                10,517                      17,606
            Total                                                                                                           21,617                      29,842

            Note: The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the Administrative Measures on Capital of
                  Commercial Banks (Trial) issued by CBIRC, covering default risk weighted assets of counterparties and credit valuation adjustment risk weighted
                  assets. The amount within the scope approved by CBIRC in April 2014 was calculated using the internal rating-based approach, and the
                  risk-weighted approach is adopted to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based approach.




      (g)   Fair value information
      (i)   Financial instruments at fair value
            A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
            financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
            The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
            team that has responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including three levels of fair values,
            and reports directly to the person in charge of accounting affairs.
            The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
            information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the valuation team
            assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
            requirements of IFRSs, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which such valuation should be classified.
            When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
            Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
            techniques as follows.
            The following table presents the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the current
            reporting period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at each balance sheet date
            on a recurring basis. The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair
            value hierarchy of the lowest input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as
            follows:
            –        Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for
                     identical assets or liabilities;
            –        Level 2 inputs: other than quoted prices included in level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly
                     observable for underlying assets or liabilities inputs;
            –        Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for assets or liabilities.
            The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy in which they occur.
            The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
            assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                        285
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       The table below analyses financial instruments without interests, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting
       period, by the level in the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                        2019
                                                                 Level 1          Level 2         Level 3            Total
       Assets
       Investments measured at FVTPL
         – Debt securities                                        17,336         100,420              378         118,134
         – Long position in precious metal contracts                 183               –                –             183
         – Equity investments                                      1,142               –            1,315           2,457
         – Investments in funds                                    2,149          69,136              414          71,699
         – Wealth management products                                  –              20              844             864
         – Non-standard assets -Bills                                  –         199,817                –         199,817
       Subtotal                                                  20,810          369,393            2,951         393,154
       Investments designated at FVTPL
         – Debt securities                                         4,830             275               17            5,122
       Derivative financial assets                                    –           24,219                –          24,219
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                       –                –            5,779           5,779
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                               104,530          374,326                –         478,856
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                      –          233,789           30,346         264,135
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                    2,329                –            3,748           6,077
       Total                                                    132,499        1,002,002           42,841       1,177,342
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading
          – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities         13,701                –                –          13,701
          – Short selling securities                               1,187                –                –           1,187
       Subtotal                                                  14,888                 –                –          14,888
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL
          – Precious metal contracts with other banks              9,217               –                –            9,217
          – Certificates of deposit issued                             –             767                –              767
          – Debt securities issued                                 9,237               –                –            9,237
          – Others                                                     –           6,220            3,105            9,325
       Subtotal                                                  18,454            6,987            3,105           28,546
       Derivative financial liabilities                               –           23,200                –           23,200
       Total                                                     33,342           30,187            3,105           66,634
286   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
                                                                                              2018
                                                                        Level 1         Level 2          Level 3            Total
             Assets
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                        10,335         110,166              746         121,247
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                 111               –                –             111
               – Equity investments                                        125              58            1,378           1,561
               – Investments in funds                                    2,004          15,661              406          18,071
               – Wealth management products                                  –               –            1,060           1,060
               – Non-standard assets -Bills                                  –         174,845                –         174,845
               – Others                                                      –               –                3               3
             Subtotal                                                   12,575         300,730            3,593         316,898
             Investments designated at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                         4,972           8,384               48           13,404
             Derivative financial assets                                     –          34,220                –          34,220
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –               –              403             403
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 79,158         341,912                –         421,070
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –         156,683           20,684         177,367
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                     1,475               –            2,540           4,015
             Total                                                      98,180         841,929           27,268         967,377
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading
                – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities         17,906                –                –          17,906
                – Short selling securities                               1,090                –                –           1,090
             Subtotal                                                   18,996                –                –          18,996
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL
                – Precious metal contracts with other banks              9,673               –                –            9,673
                – Certificates of deposit issued                             –           2,619                –            2,619
                – Debt securities issued                                 9,977               –                –            9,977
                – Others                                                     –             365            2,514            2,879
             Subtotal                                                   19,650           2,984            2,514           25,148
             Derivative financial liabilities                                –          36,570                –           36,570
             Total                                                      38,646          39,554            2,514           80,714

             During the year there were no significant transfers of financial instruments between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair
             value hierarchy.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                           287
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (1)   Basis of determining the market price for recurring fair value measurements categorised within
             Level 1
             Bloomberg’s quoted prices are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


       (2)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurement categorised within Level 2
             Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China bond pricing system on the
             valuation date is measured using the latest valuation results published by China bond pricing system.
             Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market, is measured by using the
             comprehensive valuations issued by Bloomberg, etc.
             Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting
             the differences between the contract prices and market prices of the foreign exchange forwards contracts.
             The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the end of the reporting
             period.
             Fair value of foreign exchange options is measured using the Black-Scholes model, applying applicable foreign
             exchange spot rates, foreign exchange yield curves and exchange rate volatilities. The above market data
             used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Reuters and other market information
             providers.
             Fair value of interest rate swaps in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting the expected
             receivable or payable amounts under the assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of
             reporting date. The discount rates used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end
             of reporting period.
             Dealing price of the investment fund derived from the net asset values of the investment funds with reference
             to observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the market price for recurring fair
             value.
             The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI in Mainland China is measured based on the
             transaction interest rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group
             uses 10-day average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted
             bills. The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI outside Mainland China is measured by
             discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as credit rating of
             the loan customer provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of the loan, loan
             currency and the issuer credit spread.
             The fair value of non-standard bills at FVTPL in Mainland China is measured based on the transaction interest
             rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group uses 10-day
             average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills.
             The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations issued by
             Bloomberg.
288   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 are as below:
                                                            Fair value
                                                                  as at
                                                         31 December
                                                                  2019    Valuation techniques       Unobservable input
                   Equity investments designated                 1,105    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     at FVTOCI
                   Equity investments designated                 2,643    Net asset value approach   Net assets,
                     at FVTOCI                                                                        liquidity discount
                   Loans and advances to                         5,779    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
                     customers at FVTPL                                     approach                   discount rate, actual trading
                                                                                                       conditions-adjusted discount rate
                   Loans and advances to                        30,346    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
                     customers at FVTOCI                                    approach                   discount rate, actual trading
                                                                                                       conditions-adjusted discount rate
                   Investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Debt securities                             378    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                            approach                   cash flow
                     – Equity investments                        1,315    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     – Investments in funds                        414    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     – Wealth management products                  844    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                            approach                   cash flow
                   Investments designated at FVTPL                  17    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                            approach                   cash flow
                   Financial liabilities designated              3,105    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity discount
                      at FVTPL
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               289
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 are as below: (continued)
                                                      Fair value
                                                           as at
                                                   31 December
                                                           2018    Valuation techniques       Unobservable input
             Equity investments designated                1,031    Market approach            Liquidity discount
               at FVTOCI
             Equity investments designated                1,509    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity discount
               at FVTOCI
             Loans and advances to                          403    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
               customers at FVTPL                                    approach                   discount rate, actual trading
                                                                                                conditions-adjusted discount rate
             Loans and advances to                       20,684    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
               customers at FVTOCI                                   approach                   discount rate, actual trading
                                                                                                conditions-adjusted discount rate
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                            746    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
               – Equity investments                       1,373    Market approach            Liquidity discount
               – Equity investments                           5    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
               – Investments in funds                       307    Market approach            Liquidity discount
               – Investments in funds                        99    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
               – Wealth management products               1,060    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
               – Others                                       3    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
             Investments designated at FVTPL                 48    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                     approach                    cash flow
             Financial liabilities designated             2,514    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity discount
                at FVTPL
290   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 are as below: (continued)
                   1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                             The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair
                             value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                        Financial       Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                    assets at fair     advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                   value through      customers at   customers at    designated at
                             Assets                                 profit or loss          FVTPL         FVTOCI           FVTOCI       Total
                             At 1 January 2019                              3,641             403         20,684             2,540    27,268
                             Profit or loss
                               – In profit or loss                           (540)             27             (62)               –       (575)
                               – In other comprehensive income                  –               –               2            1,018      1,020
                             Purchases/loans                                  131           5,741          51,435                –     57,307
                             Transfer to Level 3                               59               –               –                –         59
                             Disposals or settlement on maturity             (314)           (400)        (41,713)               –    (42,427)
                             Exchange difference                               (9)              8               –              190        189
                             At 31 December 2019                            2,968           5,779          30,346            3,748     42,841
                             Total unrealised gains and losses
                               included in the consolidated
                               statement of profit or loss for
                               assets held at the end of the
                               reporting period                              (540)             35             (62)               –       (567)

                                                                         Financial      Loans and      Loans and             Equity
                                                                     assets at fair    advances to    advances to      investments
                                                                    value through     customers at   customers at     designated at
                             Assets                                  profit or loss         FVTPL         FVTOCI            FVTOCI       Total
                             At 1 January 2018                              2,171                –        14,909             2,380    19,460
                             Profit or loss
                               – In profit or loss                            376               5              (4)               –        377
                               – In other comprehensive income                  –               –              30               86        116
                             Purchases/loans                                3,457             388          31,732              101     35,678
                             Transfer to Level 3                              279               –               –                –        279
                             Disposals or settlement on maturity           (2,349)              –         (25,983)               –    (28,332)
                             Exchange difference                             (293)             10               –              (27)      (310)
                             At 31 December 2018                            3,641             403          20,684            2,540     27,268
                             Total unrealised gains and losses
                               included in the consolidated
                               statement of profit or loss for
                               assets held at the end of the
                               reporting period                               376               5              (4)               –       377
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                             291
Annual Report 2019



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 are as below: (continued)
             1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
                                                                                                                    Financial
                                                                                                                    liabilities
                                                                                                                at fair value
                                                                                                              through profit
                       Liabilities                                                                                     or loss
                       At 1 January 2019                                                                                2,514
                       In profit or loss                                                                                  (17)
                       Issues                                                                                             591
                       Exchange difference                                                                                 17
                       At 31 December 2019                                                                              3,105
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated statement of
                          profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                           (17)
                       At 1 January 2018                                                                                    –
                       In profit or loss                                                                                  251
                       Issues                                                                                           2,263
                       At 31 December 2018                                                                              2,514
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated statement of
                          profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                          251



             2)        Transfers between level 1 and level 2 for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on an
                       on-going basis, the reasons for these transfers and the policy for determining when transfers between
                       level 1 and level 2 are deemed
                       During the year, there were no significant transfers between different levels for financial instruments
                       which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.


             3)        Changes in valuation technique and the reasons for making the changes
                       During the year, the Group has not changed the valuation techniques for financial assets that are
                       measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
292   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)     Fair value information (continued)
      (iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
              (1)    Financial Assets
                     The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include cash, Balances with central
                     banks, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale
                     agreements, loans and advances to customers and investments.
                     Except for loans and advances and held-to-maturity investments, most of the financial assets will mature
                     within 1 year, and their carrying value approximate their fair value. Loans and advances are stated at
                     amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22). Loans and advances are mostly priced at
                     floating rates close to the PBOC rates and repriced at market rates at least annually, and impairment
                     allowance is made to reduce the carrying amount of impaired loans to estimate the recoverable amount.
                     Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to the fair value.
                     Debt investments at amortised cost are stated at amortised costs less impairment, and the fair value of listed
                     debt securities are disclosed in Note 23(b).
                     The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of Debt investments at amortised cost not measured or
                     disclosed at fair value are listed as below:
                     The fair value measurements for Level 1 are based on quoted price in active market, for example, released
                     by Bloomberg. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China bond pricing system are used
                     to measure fair value of bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency
                     bonds without active quoted price, which are measured by Bloomberg comprehensive valuation. The Level 3
                     category adopts discounted cash flow valuation technique to measure fair value.
                                                                                  2019                                                2018
                                                             Carrying      Fair                                  Carrying      Fair
                                                              amount      value   Level 1    Level 2   Level 3    amount      value   Level 1    Level 2   Level 3
                     Debt investments at amortised cost       907,472   930,217    6,577     789,068   134,572   903,268    925,363    4,777     663,110   257,476



              (2)    Financial Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due to banks and other financial
                     institutions, sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities issued by the Group. The carrying value
                     of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the year presented, except the financial
                     liabilities set out below:
                                                                                  2019                                                2018
                                                             Carrying      Fair                                  Carrying      Fair
                                                              amount      value   Level 1    Level 2   Level 3    amount      value   Level 1    Level 2   Level 3
                     Subordinated notes issued                 34,469    35,631          –    35,631         –    45,714     46,191          –    46,191         –
                     Long-term debt securities issued         165,602   167,405          –   167,405         –   104,483    104,712          –   104,712         –
                     Total                                    200,071   203,036          –   203,036         –   150,197    150,903          –   150,903         –
China Merchants Bank                       IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                    293
Annual Report 2019



61. Material related-party transactions
(a)   Material connected person information
      The Bank’s main shareholders and its parent company and the Bank’s subsidiaries.
                                                                     No. of Shares Proportion Proportion of
                                                                      of the Bank of the Bank the Company
                                 Registered       Issued and fully    held by the held by the held by the                                     The relationship                       Legal
      Company name               location             paid capital       Company Company              Bank Business                           with the Bank Legal form               representative
      China Merchants Group      Beijing               RMB16,700 7,559,427,375     29.97%               –   Transportation, shipping          The largest       Limited company      Li Jianhong
         (CMG)                                            million              (note (i)(viii))                agency, warehousing                shareholder’s
                                                                                                               and storage, leasing,              parent
                                                                                                               manufacturing building             company
                                                                                                               and facility, repair and
                                                                                                               contracting, sales operating
                                                                                                               management service, etc.

      China Merchants Steam      Beijing          RMB7,000 million 3,289,470,337        13.04%          –   Transportation, building and     The largest       Limited company       Li Jianhong
         Navigation Co., Ltd.                                                          (note (ii))             repair, procurement, supply       shareholder
         (CMSNCL)                                                                                              chain management and
                                                                                                               distribution, shipping agency
                                                                                                               services, etc.

      Shenzhen Yan Qing         Shenzhen           RMB600 million 1,258,542,349          4.99%          –   Invest and set up industries,     Shareholder      Limited company       Xu Xin
         Investment Development                                                                                domestic commerce,
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                             materials supply and
                                                                                                               marketing business, etc.

      Shenzhen Chu Yuan          Shenzhen          RMB600 million     944,013,171        3.74%          –   Invest and set up industries,     Shareholder      Limited company       Xu Xin
         Investment and                                                                                        domestic commerce,
         Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                 materials supply and
                                                                                                               marketing business, etc.

      China Merchants Finance    Shenzhen          RMB600 million 1,147,377,415          4.55%          –   Invest and set up industries,     Shareholder      Limited company       Hong Xiaoyuan
         Investment Holdings                                                                                   domestic commerce,
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                             materials supply and
                                                                                                               marketing business, etc.

      Best Winner Investment     British Virgin    USD0.05 million    386,924,063        1.53%          –   –                                 Shareholder      Joint stock limited   –
          Co., Ltd.                Islands                                                                                                                         company

      China Merchants Union      British Virgin    USD0.06 million    477,903,500        1.89%          –   –                                 Shareholder      Limited company       –
         (BVI) Limited             Islands

      China Merchants Industry Shenzhen             USD10 million      55,196,540        0.22%          –   Invest and set up industries,     Shareholder      Limited company       Wang Xiaoding
         Development (Shenzhen)                                                                                enterprise management
         Limited                                                                                               consulting and investment
                                                                                                               consulting, etc.

      China Insurance Security   Beijing           RMB100 million 2,517,898,271          9.98%          –   Investing and establishing        Shareholder’s    limited company       Yu Hua
         Fund Co., Ltd                                                                (note (iii))             insurance companies,               parent
                                                                                                               supervising and managing           company
                                                                                                               various domestic and
                                                                                                               international businesses
                                                                                                               of holding investment
                                                                                                               enterprises, and investment
                                                                                                               business permitted
                                                                                                               by national laws and
                                                                                                               regulations, etc.
294   China Merchants Bank                           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                            No. of Shares Proportion Proportion of
                                                                             of the Bank of the Bank the Company
                                          Registered     Issued and fully    held by the held by the held by the                                    The relationship                      Legal
            Company name                  location           paid capital       Company Company              Bank Business                          with the Bank Legal form              representative
            Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd Beijing             RMB30,790 1,258,949,100          4.99%           –   Life insurance, health insurance, Shareholder    Joint stock limited   He Xiaofeng
                                                                 million                                              accident insurance, and                           company
                                                                                                                      other personal insurance
                                                                                                                      services, etc.

            Hexie Health Insurance        Chengdu             RMB13,900 1,258,949,171          4.99%           –   Various RMB and foreign          Shareholder     Joint stock limited   Gu Hongmei
                Co., Ltd                                         million                                             currency health insurance                          company
                                                                                                                     business, accidental
                                                                                                                     injury insurance business,
                                                                                                                     supporting the national
                                                                                                                     medical security policy,
                                                                                                                     and health insurance
                                                                                                                     business entrusted by the
                                                                                                                     government, etc.

            China COSCO Shipping          Beijing             RMB11,000 2,515,193,034          9.97%           –   International shipping business, Shareholder’s   Limited company       Xu Lirong
               Corporation Limited.                              million                    (note (iv))               import and export of goods        parent
                                                                                                                      and technology, International     company
                                                                                                                      freight forwarding business,
                                                                                                                      etc.

            China Ocean Shipping Co., Beijing                 RMB16,191 1,574,729,111          6.24%           –   Transportation business,         Shareholder     Limited company       Xu Lirong
               Ltd.                                              million                                              shipping space booking,
                                                                                                                      time charter, voyage charter,
                                                                                                                      leasing, constructing and
                                                                                                                      trading ships, etc.

            China COSCO Shipping          Guang zhou     RMB3.191 million    696,450,214       2.76%           –   Shipping business                Shareholder     Limited company       Shou Jian
               (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.

            Guangzhou Haining Maritime Guang zhou            RMB2 million    103,552,616       0.41%           –   Business services                Shareholder     Limited company       Huang Biao
               Technology Service Co.,
               Ltd.

            China COSCO Shipping          Shanghai       RMB1,399 million     75,617,340       0.30%           –   Shipping business, leasing       Shareholder     Limited company       Zhao Bangtao
               (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                                  business, ship repairing and
                                                                                                                     building etc.

            China COSCO Shipping       Hong Kong          HKD500 million      54,721,930       0.22%           –   Leasing business, financing    Shareholder       Limited company       –
               Financial Holdings Co.,                                                                               business, insurance business
               Ltd.                                                                                                  etc.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                             295
Annual Report 2019



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                                        Proportion
                                                                       No. of Shares   of the Bank Proportion of
                                                                        of the Bank           held the Company
                                   Registered            Issued and     held by the         by the held by the                                            The relationship                       Legal
      Company name                 location       fully paid capital       Company       Company           Bank Business                                  with the Bank      Legal form          representative
      Shenzhen Tri-Dynas Oil &     Shenzhen         RMB299 million       10,121,823         0.04%              - Ship purchasing and marketing            Shareholder        Limited company     Ren Zhaoping
        Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                          business, shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                                    business, shipping business etc.

      China Communications         Beijing         RMB7,274 million     422,770,418         1.68%              - General contraction for construction     Shareholder’s    Limited company       Liu Qitao
        Construction Group LTD                                                            (note (v))                                                        parent company

      China Communications         Beijing        RMB16,175 million     301,089,738         1.19%              - General contraction for construction,    Shareholder        Joint stock limited Liu Qitao
        Construction Co., Ltd                                                                                      leasing and repair, technical                                company
                                                                                                                   consulting service, imports
                                                                                                                   and exports, investment and
                                                                                                                   management business

      Shanghai Automotive Industry Shanghai       RMB21,599 million     310,125,822        1.23%               - Production and sale of vehicles, asset   Shareholder’s    Limited company       Chen Hong
        Corporation (Group)                                                              (note (vi))                management business, domestic           parent company
                                                                                                                    trade business, consulting service

      SAIC Motor Corporation       Shanghai       RMB11,683 million     310,125,822         1.23%              - Production and sale of vehicles,         Shareholder        Joint stock limited Chen Hong
        Limited                                                                                                     consulting service, imports and                             company
                                                                                                                    exports

      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.   Qin Huangdao    RMB8,000 million     305,434,127         1.21%              - Port construction and investment         Shareholder        Limited company     Cao ziyu
                                                                                         (note (vii))               management, port leasing and
                                                                                                                    maintenance business, handling
                                                                                                                    and warehousing business etc.

      CMB International Capital    Hong Kong       HKD4,129 million                -                -     100% Financial advisory services                Subsidiary         Limited company     Tian Huiyu
        Holdings Corporation
        Limited (CMBICHC)

      CMB Financial Leasing      Shanghai          RMB6,000 million                -                -     100% Finance lease                              Subsidiary         Limited company     Shi Shunhua
        Company Limited (CMBFLC)

      CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited Hong Kong         HKD1,161 million                -                -     100% Banking                                    Subsidiary         Limited company     Zhu Qi
        (CMB WLB)

      China Merchants Fund         Shenzhen        RMB1,310 million                -                -      55% Fund Management                            Subsidiary         Limited company     Liu Hui
        Management Co., Ltd.
        (CMFM)

      CMB Wealth Management        Shenzhen        RMB5,000 million                -                -     100% Asset management                           Subsidiary         Limited company     Liu Hui
        Co., Ltd
296   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
            Notes:

            (i)      CMG holds 29.97% of the Bank (2018: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (ii)     As the largest shareholder, CMSNCL who is the subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2019 (2018: 13.04%).

            (iii)    China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 9.98% of the Bank (2018: 11.63%) through respectively holds
                     98.23% of Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

            (iv)     China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2018: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (v)      China Communications Construction Group LTD (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.68% of the bank through its
                     subsidiaries (2018: 2.27%).

            (vi)     Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the bank through its subsidiary
                     (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2018: 1.23%).

            (vii)    Hebei Port Group Company Ltd. directly holds 1.21% of the Bank (2018: 1.21%).

            (viii)   The sum of the direct ratio of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the above-mentioned relevant numbers may differ slightly in the mantissa
                     due to rounding.

            The information of registered capital of the related parties as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 is as below:
            Name of related party                                                                                   2019                                 2018
            CMG                                                                                 RMB16,700,000,000                    RMB16,700,000,000
            CMSNCL                                                                               RMB7,000,000,000                     RMB7,000,000,000
            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment Development Co., Ltd.                                    RMB600,000,000                       RMB600,000,000
            Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development
              Company Ltd.                                                                           RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                    RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                  USD50,000                           USD50,000
            China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.                                                         USD60,000                           USD60,000
            China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen)
              Co., Ltd.                                                                            USD10,000,000                        USD10,000,000
            China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd                                                RMB100,000,000                       RMB100,000,000
            Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd                                                     RMB13,900,000,000                    RMB13,900,000,000
            Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd                                                       RMB30,790,000,000                    RMB30,790,000,000
            China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.                                           RMB11,000,000,000                    RMB11,000,000,000
            China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                      RMB16,191,351,300                    RMB16,191,351,300
            China COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                           RMB3,191,200,000                     RMB3,191,200,000
            Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Service
              Co., Ltd.                                                                             RMB2,000,000                         RMB2,000,000
            China COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                            RMB1,398,941,000                     RMB1,398,941,000
            China COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                     HKD500,000,000                       HKD500,000,000
            Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                          RMB299,020,000                       RMB299,020,000
            China Communications Construction Group LTD                                          RMB7,274,023,830                     RMB5,855,423,830
            China Communications Construction Co., Ltd                                          RMB16,174,735,425                    RMB16,174,735,425
            Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                    RMB21,599,175,737                    RMB21,599,175,737
            SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                      RMB11,683,461,365                    RMB11,683,461,365
            Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                           RMB8,000,000,000                     RMB8,000,000,000
            CMBICHC                                                                              HKD4,129,000,000                     HKD4,129,000,000
            CMBFLC                                                                               RMB6,000,000,000                     RMB6,000,000,000
            CMB WLB                                                                              HKD1,160,950,575                     HKD1,160,950,575
            CMFM                                                                                 RMB1,310,000,000                     RMB1,310,000,000
            CMBWM                                                                                RMB5,000,000,000                                  N/A
            CMB Europe S.A.                                                                        EUR50,000,000                                   N/A
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                          297
Annual Report 2019



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
      The change of proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries
      held by the Bank
                            The Bank held by the
                             largest shareholder                                                 The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                   CMSNCL                   CMBICHC                    CMBFLC                 CMB WLB                    CMBICHC                  CMBWM
                                    RMB         %             HKD       %               RMB      %               HKD        %             HKD          %            RMB        %
      At 1 January 2019     3,289,470,337    13.04    4,129,000,000 100.00    6,000,000,000 100.00     1,160,950,575 100.00        720,500,000       55.00             –       –
      Change                            –        –                –      –                –      –                 –      –                  –           – 5,000,000,000    100%
      At 31 December 2019   3,289,470,337    13.04    4,129,000,000 100.00    6,000,000,000 100.00     1,160,950,575 100.00        720,500,000       55.00 5,000,000,000    100%



                               The Bank held by the
                                largest shareholder                                                  The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                     CMSNCL                         CMBICHC                      CMBFLC                         CMB WLB                        CMBICHC
                                       RMB            %               HKD         %                RMB           %                 HKD           %                HKD          %
      At 1 January 2018      3,289,470,337       13.04     4,129,000,000      100.00      6,000,000,000     100.00      1,160,950,575      100.00          720,500,000      55.00
      Change                             –           –                 –           –                  –          –                  –           –                    –          –
      At 31 December 2018    3,289,470,337       13.04     4,129,000,000      100.00      6,000,000,000     100.00      1,160,950,575      100.00          720,500,000      55.00


(b)   Transaction terms and conditions
      In each year, the Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business
      including lending, investment, deposit, securities trading, agency services, trust services, and off-balance sheet
      transactions. The opinion of the directors is that the Group’s material related-party transactions were all entered into
      normal commercial terms. The banking transactions were priced at the market rates at each time of transaction.
      Interest rates on loans and deposits are required to be set in accordance with the following benchmark rates set by
      the PBOC:
                                                                                                                                         2019                              2018
      Short-term loans                                                                                                          4.35%                             4.35%
      Medium to long-term loans                                                                                        4.75% to 4.90%                    4.75% to 4.90%
      Demand deposits                                                                                                           0.35%                             0.35%
      Time deposits                                                                                                    1.10% to 2.75%                    1.10% to 2.75%

      There were no credit impaired loans and advances granted to related parties during the year.
298   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (c)   Shareholders and their related companies
            The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG holds 29.97% (2018: 29.97%) shares of the Bank through its subsidiaries as at
            31 December 2019 (among them 13.04% shares is held by CMSNCL (2018: 13.04%)). The Group’s transactions and
            balances with CMSNCL and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                                  2019                 2018
            On-balance sheet:
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                  26,222               12,151
             – Investments                                                                       2,527                4,526
             – Deposits from customers                                                          68,795               59,156
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                           2,449                1,868
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                      341                  434
              – Bills of acceptances                                                               462                  146
              – Factoring                                                                            –                  161
            Interest income                                                                        834                  718
            Interest expense                                                                     1,189                  728
            Net fee and commission income                                                          561                  398
            Operating expenses                                                                     (34)                 (47)
            Other net income                                                                        (1)                   3



      (d)   Companies controlled by or be significantly influenced by or appointed
            common directors, senior management and/or supervisors of the Bank other
            than those under Note 61(c) above
                                                                                                  2019                 2018
            On-balance sheet:
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                  22,577               13,489
             – Investments                                                                       3,788                3,549
             – Deposits from customers                                                          48,969               32,269
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                           5,429                5,017
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                      640                   97
              – Bills of acceptances                                                             6,391                2,056
              – Factoring                                                                            –                1,628
            Interest income                                                                      1,402                  672
            Interest expense                                                                       530                  470
            Net fee and commission income                                                        1,042                  562
            Operating expenses                                                                  (1,614)              (1,436)
            Other net income                                                                         6                  (87)
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                   299
Annual Report 2019



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(e)   Associates and joint ventures other than those under Note 61(c) above
                                                                 2019          2018
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                         6,178         2,748
       – Deposits from customers                                 1,040         1,696
       – Placements                                             11,600         9,500
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                 8,299         8,701
      Interest income                                              79             11
      Interest expense                                             19             17
      Net fee and commission income                               973          1,123
      Operating expenses                                          (31)            10



(f)   Other shareholders holding more than 5% shares
                                                                 2019          2018
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                        31,715        22,306
       – Investments                                               795           934
       – Deposits from customers                                41,031        27,601
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                36,365        16,144
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                             50            30
        – Bills of acceptances                                     540           360
        – Factoring                                                  –            11
      Interest income                                              746           267
      Interest expense                                           1,341           971
      Net fee and commission income                              1,290         1,360
      Other net income                                              19            55
300   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (g)   Subsidiaries
                                                                                                         2019                  2018
            On-balance sheet
             – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                     3,285                 2,545
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                  28,654                25,689
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                            717                 3,237
             – Investments                                                                              1,978                 1,142
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                    45,298                12,859
             – Deposits from customers                                                                  3,130                 1,036
            Off-balance sheet
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                                      –                  3,433
              – Bills of acceptances                                                                      277                    573
            Interest income                                                                               816                     91
            Interest expense                                                                              454                    413
            Net fee and commission                                                                      1,084                  1,419
            Operating expenses                                                                            132                     13
            Other net income                                                                                –                      1

            All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
            consolidated financial statements.



      (h)   Key management personnel
            Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
            controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
            Salaries and other emoluments                                                              46,746                51,472
            Discretionary bonuses (Note 11(i))                                                              –                     –
            Share-based payment                                                                        54,390                29,444
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                      506                 1,312
            Total                                                                                    101,642                 82,228

            The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
            39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured by
            using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(17); and the amounts have
            been charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options
            may expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual
            cash flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)   Annuity scheme
            Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
            other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
            2019 and 31 December 2018.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             301
Annual Report 2019



62. Non-controlling interests
      Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries. In the opinion of
      the directors of the Bank, the Group does not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during
      the reporting period.



a)    Perpetual debt capital
      CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of US$170 million on 27 April 2017 and another perpetual
      debt of US$400 million on 24 January 2019.
                                                                       Principal     Distributions/Paid                 Total
      At 1 January 2019                                                   1,158                      –                 1,158
      Perpetual debt capital issued                                       2,761                      –                 2,761
      Distributions in 2019                                                   –                    153                   153
      Paid in 2019                                                            –                   (153)                 (153)
      Exchange difference                                                    60                      –                    60
      At 31 December 2019                                                 3,979                      –                 3,979

      There is no maturity of the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of the
      issuer. Cancelled interest is not cumulative. There is no contractual obligation of the issuer to deliver cash to other
      parties. During the year ended 31 December 2019, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
      corresponding amount was paid to perpetual debt holders accordingly.



63. Transfers of financial assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
      to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full or partial
      derecognition of the financial assets concerned. In other cases where the transferred assets do not qualify for
      derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continued
      to recognize the transferred assets.


      Securitisation of credit assets
      The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
      to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire some
      asset-backed securities and fund shares at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the
      risks and rewards of the transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the
      associated credit assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
      The Group carried out an assessment based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4(5), and with respect to the credit
      assets that were securitised and qualified for derecognition, the Group derecognised the transferred credit assets
      in their entirety. During the year ended 31 December 2019 the Group has transferred the ownership of the loans
      amounted to RMB115,881 million (2018: RMB45,071 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of
      the loans have been transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.
302   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      63. Transfers of financial assets (Continued)
            Securitisation of credit assets (continued)
            For those in which the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
            transferred credit assets, and retained control of the credit assets, the Group recognises the assets on the statement
            of financial position in accordance with the Group’s continuing involvement and the rest is derecognised. The
            extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and rewards undertaken by the Group with
            value changes of the transferred financial assets. The amount at the time of transfer of the original credit assets,
            which the Group determined that it has continuing involvement through acquiring the subordinated tranches, was
            RMB10,402 million during the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: Nil) and the carrying amount of assets that the
            Group continues to recognise on the statement of financial position was RMB987 million during the year ended 31
            December 2019 (2018: Nil). The Group also recognized other assets and other liabilities of the same amount arising
            from such continuing involvement.
            With respect to the underlying assets, certain finance leases receivable did not meet the criteria of derecognition,
            the Group did not derecognize such finance leases receivable, the consideration received was recognised as financial
            liabilities. As at 31 December 2019, the Group does not have carrying amount of transferred assets that did not
            qualify for derecognition (31 December 2018: RMB1,415 million) and the carrying amount of recognised financial
            liabilities (31 December 2018: RMB706 million).


            Transactions of credit assets
            During the year 2019, the Group has transferred credit assets to third party institutions directly amounted to
            RMB889 million (2018: RMB79,544 million), and none of these transferred credit assets is transferred to structured
            entities (2018: RMB77,607 million). The Group carried out an assessment based on the criteria as detailed in Note
            4(5), and concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-recognition.


            Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
            Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills
            held by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and debt securities lent to counterparties under
            securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under
            agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at
            the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances
            require or be required to pay additional cash collateral. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of these securities and therefore has not derecognised them. In addition, it recognises a financial
            liability for cash received as collateral.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                           303
Annual Report 2019



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
(a)   Interest in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
      The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third party institutions through investments in
      the notes issued by these structured entities. Such structured entities include wealth management products, asset
      management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets backed securities and investments in funds, and the Group
      does not consolidate these structured entities. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate
      income from managing assets on behalf of investors and are financed through the issue of notes to investors.
      The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
      2019 and 31 December 2018 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions and an analysis of the
      line items in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in which assets are
      recognised relating to the Group’s interests in structured entities sponsored by third parties:
                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                              Carrying amount
                                          Financial              Debt
                                      assets at fair      investments              Debt
                                     value through       at amortised       investments                        Maximum
                                      profit or loss              cost        at FVTOCI            Total       exposure
      Asset management schemes              165,068           109,344                 –         274,412           274,412
      Trust beneficiary rights                    –            33,389                 –          33,389            33,389
      Asset backed securities                 1,075                40             1,185           2,300             2,300
      Investment in funds                    71,699                 –                 –          71,699            71,699
      Total                                 237,842           142,773             1,185         381,800           381,800

                                                                         31 December 2018
                                                               Carrying amount
                                            Financial             Debt
                                        assets at fair     investments              Debt
                                       value through      at amortised       investments                        Maximum
                                        profit or loss            cost         at FVTOCI            Total       exposure
      Asset management schemes                96,204          151,481                 –         247,685           247,685
      Trust beneficiary rights                     –           82,457                 –          82,457            82,457
      Asset backed securities                  1,469              855             1,214           3,538             3,538
      Investment in funds                     18,071                –                 –          18,071            18,071
      Total                                 115,744           234,793             1,214         351,751           351,751

      The maximum exposures held by the Group in the subordinated tranches of assets backed securities, investments
      in funds, the wealth management products, asset management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, senior tranches of
      assets backed securities are the carrying amount of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date in accordance
      with the line items of these assets recognised in the statement of financial positions.
304   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (Continued)
      (b)   Interest in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
            The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
            management products, funds and asset management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
            are to generate income from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
            the issue of investment products to investors. Interest held by the Group includes fees charged on management
            services provided.
            As at 31 December 2019, the amount of the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management
            products, which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB2,293,628 million (31 December 2018: RMB2,052,183 million).
            As at 31 December 2019, the amount of the unconsolidated mutual funds, which are sponsored by the Group, is
            RMB378,304 million (31 December 2018: RMB382,772 million).
            As at 31 December 2019, the amount of the unconsolidated asset management schemes, which are sponsored by
            the Group, is RMB270,585 million (31 December 2018: RMB271,239 million).
            As at 31 December 2019, the balance of amounts held under resale agreements and placement with banks and
            other financial institutions between the Group and its non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products,
            which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB63,214 million (31 December 2018: RMB87,903 million) and RMB82,113
            million (31 December 2018: RMB60,591 million) respectively. The above transactions were made in accordance with
            normal business terms and conditions.
            During year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of fee and commission income received from such category of
            non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products by the Group is RMB7,330 million (2018: RMB8,972 million).
            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of management fee income received from the unconsolidated
            mutual funds by the Group is RMB1,400 million (2018: RMB1,448 million).
            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of management fee income received from the unconsolidated
            asset management schemes by the Group is RMB744 million (2018: RMB762 million).
            The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued by the Group after 1 January
            2019 with a maturity date before 31 December 2019 was RMB2,363,999 million (2018: RMB3,008,657 million).



      65. Subsequent events
            2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease broke out in China in January 2020 and it is expected to have significant impact on
            the overall economy and the business operation of certain industries and cities, especially in Hubei Province in the
            short run. Hence the quality or the yields of the credit assets and investment assets of the Group will be undermined
            to a certain degree. The degree of the influence depends on the situation of the pandemic preventive measures, the
            duration of the pandemic and the implementation of regulatory policies, etc.
China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements                                                                                                     305
Annual Report 2019



Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




(A) Capital adequacy ratio
         The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on
         the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The bases used herein may
         differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
         In accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
         calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                                   2019                  2018
         Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                    11.95%                11.78%
         Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                         12.69%                12.62%
         Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                15.54%                15.68%
         Components of capital base
         Core tier-1 capital:
           Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                                  25,220                25,220
           Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                                67,281                67,149
           Surplus reserves                                                                                                     62,184                53,648
           Regulatory general reserve                                                                                           90,151                78,543
           Retained profits                                                                                                    317,643               272,510
           Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                         243                   207
           Others (note (i))                                                                                                    10,624                 6,858
         Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                             573,346               504,135
         Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                                          23,007               21,795
         Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                               550,339               482,340
         Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                                   34,097               34,093
         Net tier-1 capital                                                                                                    584,436               516,433
         Tier-2 capital:
           Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                                    31,700               43,000
           Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                                99,724               82,393
           Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                           65                   55
         Total tier-2 capital                                                                                                  131,489               125,448
         Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                                  –                    –
         Net tier-2 capital                                                                                                    131,489               125,448
         Net capital                                                                                                           715,925               641,881
         Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                         4,606,786             4,092,890

         Notes:

         (i)    :   Others represent exchange reserve of foreign currency consolidated financial statements under CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital
                    of Commercial Banks (Trial).

         (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes qualifying portion of non-controlling interests, preferred shares and etc.
306   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (A) Capital adequacy ratio (continued)
            In 2019, in accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Bank
            calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.48%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.23%, capital adequacy
            ratio is 15.27%, net capital is RMB635,977 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB4,163,903 million.
            In 2019, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
            approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
            is 10.64%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.30%, capital adequacy ratio is 13.02%, net capital is RMB673,366
            million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,170,500 million.
            In 2019, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
            approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is
            10.09%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 10.75%, capital adequacy ratio is 12.53%, net capital is RMB593,418
            million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB4,737,827 million.



      (B) Leverage ratio
            In accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) issued in
            2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio and relevant components were as follows. The basis
            used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
            Summary comparison of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposure measure:
                                                                                                   2019                  2018
            Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                   7,417,240            6,745,729
            Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
              commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes
              but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                 (24,603)              (9,608)
            Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                          –                    –
            Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                     11,796                8,744
            Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                     28,861               34,953
            Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                            1,194,234            1,054,031
            Other adjustments                                                                   (23,007)             (21,795)
            Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 8,604,521            7,812,054
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                           307
Annual Report 2019



(B) Leverage ratio (Continued)
      Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                                2019                  2018
      On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and
        securities financing transactions (SFT))                                           7,258,371            6,502,515
      Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1 capital                   (23,007)             (21,795)
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets
        (excluding derivatives and SFTs)                                                   7,235,364            6,480,720
      Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions
        (net of eligible cash variation margin)                                               13,393                 17,420
      Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated
        with all derivatives transactions                                                     21,805                 24,590
      Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted
        from the balance sheet assets                                                               –                     –
      Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin
        provided in derivatives transactions                                                        –                     –
      Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade exposures                     –                     –
      Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                                    817                   954
      Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit derivatives                  –                     –
      Total derivative exposures                                                              36,015                 42,964
      Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting),
        after adjusting for sale accounting transactions                                    110,047                 199,386
      Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and
        cash receivables of gross SFT assets                                                        –                     –
      Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                        28,861                 34,953
      Agent transaction exposures                                                                  –                      –
      Total securities financing transaction exposures                                      138,908                 234,339
      Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                                  2,266,901            1,964,539
      Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                       (1,072,667)            (910,508)
      Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                         1,194,234            1,054,031
      Net tier-1 capital                                                                     584,436              516,433
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                    8,604,521            7,812,054
      Leverage ratio                                                                          6.79%                  6.61%
308   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
            The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
            Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
            those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group was 167.42%
            in the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of 23.58 percentage points from the previous quarter, mainly due to the
            increase in the scale of cash inflows from financial institutions. The Group’s liquidity coverage ratio at the end of
            the fourth quarter of 2019 was 169.63%, which was in line with the 2019 regulatory requirements of the China
            Bank and Insurance Regulatory Commission. The breakdown of the Group’s average value of each item of liquidity
            coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2019 is set out below:


                                                                                                                         Unweighted         Weighted
                                                                                                                             amount          amount
            Serial No.                                                                                                (average value) (average value)
            Stock of high quality liquid assets
            1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                          1,068,974
            Cash outflows
            2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                                    1,854,925                 165,340
            3        Stable deposits                                                                                            403,047                  20,152
            4        Less stable deposits                                                                                     1,451,878                 145,188
            5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                     2,958,483               1,110,140
            6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                                     1,682,062                 419,060
            7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                                  1,249,161                 663,820
            8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                                     27,260                  27,260
            9      Secured funding                                                                                                                        9,635
            10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                         1,347,629                 346,476
            11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other transactions
                      arising from related collateral requirements                                                              288,471                 288,471
            12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt Instruments funding                                                      –                       –
            13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                        1,059,158                  58,005
            14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                                 48,915                  48,915
            15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                       5,965,787                  87,332
            16     Total cash outflows                                                                                                                1,767,838
            Cash inflows
            17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)                                            165,208                 163,147
            18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                              998,399                 666,624
            19     Other cash inflows                                                                                           300,189                 299,566
            20     Total cash inflows                                                                                         1,463,796               1,129,337


                                                                                                                                              Adjusted value
            21      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                         1,068,974
            22      Net cash outflows                                                                                                                   638,501
            23      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                       167.42%

            Note:

            (i)     The data of mainland in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the monthly average for
                    the date of subsidiaries.

            (ii)    The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared by the central bank reserve available under cash and pressure conditions, as well
                    as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on the “Measures for
                    the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                    309
Annual Report 2019



(D) Net Stable Funding Ratio
      The Group prepared and disclosed information on net stable funding ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
      the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The Group’s net stable funding
      ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 2019 was 121.04%, representing an increase of 1.97 percentage points as
      compared with the previous quarter, which was mainly due to the increase in time deposits. The breakdown of the
      Group’s net stable fund ratio in the last two quarters is set out below:
      31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                         Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                    6 months to
      Serial No.                                                         No maturity   < 6 months     12 months   ≥ 12 months
      Available stable funding (ASF) item
      1       Capital                                                       619,143             –             –        20,000    639,143
      2          Regulatory capital                                         607,443             –             –        20,000    627,443
      3          Other capital instruments                                   11,700             –             –             –     11,700
      4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                 customer                                                  1,458,292      620,811       19,662          1,476   1,912,495
      5          Stable deposits                                             439,963        2,505          148            769     421,254
      6          Less stable deposits                                      1,018,329      618,306       19,514            707   1,491,241
      7       Wholesale funding                                            1,873,504    1,786,087      428,058        349,363   2,007,486
      8          Operational deposits                                      1,554,221      120,131            –              –     837,176
      9          Other wholesale funding                                     319,283    1,665,956      428,058        349,363   1,170,310
      10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                      –            –            –              –           –
      11      Other liabilities                                               20,608      161,687        5,738         52,811      25,290
      12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                           30,390
      13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                above categories                                              20,608      161,687         5,738        22,421      25,290
      14      Total ASF                                                                                                         4,584,414
      Required stable funding (RSF) item
      15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                       118,678
      16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                 operational purposes                                         40,664        8,382            –              –      24,523
      17      Performing loans and securities                                 55,617    2,061,993      965,108      2,397,879   3,283,353
      18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                 by Level 1 HQLA                                                   –      136,112             –             –           –
      19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                 by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                 loans to financial institutions                              13,863      612,826      157,762         43,270    236,571
      20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                 loans to retail and small business customers, and
                 loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs,
                of which:                                                          –    1,139,168      755,264      1,256,844   1,979,691
      21         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                  under the Basel II standardized approach for
                 credit risk                                                       –      103,817        89,860       179,212    213,326
      22         Performing residential mortgages, of which:                       –       31,161        28,945     1,037,004    911,507
      23         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                  under the Basel II standardized approach
                 for credit risk                                                   –            –             –             –           –
      24         Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                 as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                 41,754       142,726        23,137        60,761    155,584
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                     –           297             –             –          –
      26      Other assets                                                  104,868        16,578           895        82,308    183,806
310   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (D) Net Stable Funding Ratio (continued)
            31 December 2019 (continued)


                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                  Unweighted amount                         amount
                                                                                                             6 months to
            Serial No.                                                           No maturity    < 6 months     12 months     ≥ 12 months
            Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
            27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                      4,092                                                  3,478
            28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts
                       and contributions to default funds of CCPs                                                                    207        176
            29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                      26,056          –
            30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                       variation margin posted                                                                                    30,782      6,156
            31        All other assets not included in the above categories          100,776        16,578             895        56,045    173,996
            32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                    7,959,301    177,106
            33       Total RSF                                                                                                             3,787,466
            34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                          121.04%


            30 September 2019
                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                   Unweighted amount                        amount
                                                                                                             6 months to
            Serial No.                                                            No maturity   < 6 months    12 months      ≥ 12 months
            Available stable funding (ASF) item
            1       Capital                                                          604,642             –               –        20,000    624,642
            2          Regulatory capital                                            592,942             –               –        20,000    612,942
            3          Other capital instruments                                      11,700             –               –             –     11,700
            4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                       customer                                                    1,332,384       624,359       31,850            1,016   1,811,348
            5          Stable deposits                                               409,071         2,756          110               27     391,368
            6          Less stable deposits                                          923,313       621,603       31,740              989   1,419,980
            7       Wholesale funding                                              1,681,474     1,923,553      471,366          343,439   2,026,537
            8          Operational deposits                                        1,609,802         4,718            –                –     807,260
            9          Other wholesale funding                                        71,672     1,918,835      471,366          343,439   1,219,277
            10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                        –             –            –                –           –
            11      Other liabilities                                                 24,716       172,668        5,636           68,821      22,059
            12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                                49,580
            13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                      above categories                                                24,716       172,668         5,636          19,241      22,059
            14      Total ASF                                                                                                              4,484,586
            Required stable funding (RSF) item
            15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                            130,546
            16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                       operational purposes                                           87,879         2,997            –                –      45,438
            17      Performing loans and securities                                   74,753     1,995,920      895,914        2,453,142   3,245,120
            18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                       Level 1 HQLA                                                        –       180,540               –             –           –
            19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                       non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                       loans to financial institutions                                21,407       631,541      120,301           37,161    222,335
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    311
Annual Report 2019



(D) Net Stable Funding Ratio (continued)
      30 September 2019 (continued)


                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                              Unweighted amount                                 amount
                                                                                                           6 months to
      Serial No.                                                          No maturity      < 6 months       12 months      ≥ 12 months
      Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
      20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                 loans to retail and small business customers, and
                 loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                which:                                                               –      1,044,329          718,070        1,300,030       1,950,380
      21         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                  under the Basel II standardized approach for
                 credit risk                                                         –        120,589           59,392          179,224         206,487
      22        Performing residential mortgages of which:                           –         45,128           28,168        1,013,592         896,674
      23         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                  under the Basel II standardized approach for
                 credit risk                                                         –                –               –                –               –
      24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                 as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                   53,346           94,382          29,375          102,359         175,731
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                       –                –               –                –               –
      26      Other assets                                                    100,468           24,110             544           74,295         171,226
      27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                     3,537                                                             3,007
      28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                 contracts and contributions to default funds
                of CCPs                                                                                                             230              196
      29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                           37,688                –
      30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                 variation margin posted                                                                                         50,298          10,060
      31        All other assets not included in the above categories          96,931           24,110              544          36,377         157,963
      32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                         6,697,015         174,029
      33       Total RSF                                                                                                                      3,766,359
      34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                    119.07%

      Note:

      (i)      Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time bucket do not have a stated maturity. These may include, but are not limited to, items such
               as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded
               commodities.

      (ii)     The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
               of variation margin posted”.
312   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                         2019
                                                                     USD             HKD            Others            Total
                                                                                 (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          472,674           43,884            68,777         585,335
            Spot liabilities                                     436,787           33,306            74,813         544,906
            Forward purchased                                    419,254            9,124            79,215         507,593
            Forward written                                      444,655            9,237            69,488         523,380
            Net option position                                    2,222             (127)              349           2,444
            Net long position                                     12,708           10,338              4,040         27,086
            Net structural position                                8,460           32,540              1,046         42,046

                                                                                         2018
                                                                     USD              HKD              Others          Total
                                                                                  (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          464,106           34,567            77,376         576,049
            Spot liabilities                                     453,891           21,100            78,093         553,084
            Forward purchased                                    569,876           15,866            96,770         682,512
            Forward written                                      552,660           18,007            98,857         669,524
            Net option position                                   (4,703)            (107)              511          (4,299)
            Net long position                                     22,728           11,219             (2,292)        31,655
            Net structural position                                8,208           32,039                547         40,794

            The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
            Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
            branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
            –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
            –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
            –      Investments in subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            313
Annual Report 2019



(F) International claims
      The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all claims on third
      parties outside Mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Mainland China as
      international claims.
      International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
      holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
      International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
      area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
      into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
      is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
      located in another country.
                                                                                     2019
                                                              Banks
                                                          and other            Public
                                                           financial           sector
                                                        institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions
        in Mainland China                                    91,598             1,702            75,452           168,752
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                  43,077            37,338           144,295           224,710
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                   24,941            34,766           124,101           183,808
      Europe                                                 10,951             2,346            17,928            31,225
      North and South America                                32,918            45,085            50,046           128,049
      Total                                                178,544             86,471           287,721           552,736

                                                                                     2018
                                                               Banks
                                                           and other            Public
                                                            financial           sector
                                                         institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions
        in Mainland China                                  111,457              5,976            60,589           178,022
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                 49,092             22,016           162,613           233,721
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                  26,210             20,720           143,855           190,785
      Europe                                                18,219                732            17,117            36,068
      North and South America                               43,707             18,407            57,912           120,026
      Total                                                222,475             47,131           298,231           567,837
314   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
            Operation in Mainland China
                                                                     2019                         2018
                                                                            % of gross                      % of gross
                                                                             loans and                       loans and
                                                                              advances                        advances
                                                                            covered by                      covered by
                                                                          collateral or                    collateral or
                                                              Amount     other security    Amount        other security
            Property development                              308,342               55     262,323                   56
            Transportation, storage and postal services       306,642               33     248,815                   34
            Manufacturing                                     240,717               32     255,683                   31
            Wholesale and retail                              151,278               34     157,984                   37
            Production and supply of electric power,
               heating power, gas and water                   144,530               34     138,773                   32
            Leasing and commercial services                   144,377               22     124,094                   28
            Construction                                       95,279               23      84,475                   28
            Financial concerns                                 63,420               32      61,963                   40
            Water, environment and
               public utilities management                     57,044               51      55,890                   61
            Telecommunications, software and
               IT services                                     51,406               28      60,703                   33
            Mining                                             29,744               34      35,349                   44
            Others                                             59,640               32      59,021                   38
            Corporate loans and advances subtotal            1,652,419              36    1,545,073                  38
            Discounted bills                                  226,040              100     149,766                 100
            Residential mortgage                             1,098,673             100     921,500                 100
            Credit cards                                       670,922               –     575,299                   –
            Micro-finance loans                                405,155              89     349,009                  92
            Others                                             152,193              37     141,835                  54
            Retail loans and advances subtotal               2,326,943              65    1,987,643                  66
            Gross loans and advances to customers            4,205,402              56    3,682,482                  56
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                             315
Annual Report 2019



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (continued)
      Operation outside Mainland China
                                                             2019                       2018
                                                                    % of gross                    % of gross
                                                                     loans and                     loans and
                                                                      advances                      advances
                                                                    covered by                    covered by
                                                                  collateral or                  collateral or
                                                       Amount    other security   Amount       other security
      Financial concerns                                63,286              37     52,174                  36
      Property development                              60,035              51     54,167                  66
      Transportation, storage and postal services       30,567              90     38,212                  65
      Leasing and commercial services                   28,992              61      2,001                  89
      Manufacturing                                     20,994              22     26,860                  45
      Wholesale and retail                              11,579              41     12,505                  51
      Mining                                             9,445              40      2,196                  97
      Production and supply of electric power,
         heating power, gas and water                    5,553              17      7,889                  16
      Telecommunications, software and
         IT services                                     4,494              15      9,309                  68
      Construction                                       2,196              24      5,635                  25
      Water, environment and
         public utilities management                     1,219              86         26                   7
      Others                                            11,215              56     17,882                  72
      Corporate loans and advances subtotal            249,575              49    228,856                  54
      Residential mortgage                               9,475             100      7,260                100
      Credit cards                                         177               –        191                  –
      Micro-finance loans                                  625             100      1,525                 99
      Others                                            25,396              95     12,720                 88
      Retail loans and advances subtotal                35,673              96     21,696                  92
      Gross loans and advances to customers            285,248              55    250,552                  57
316   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (continued)
            When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/variety accounts for 10% or above of the total
            amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit impairment
            allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                    2019
                                                                                                        –Stage 2             –Stage 3
                                       Overdue loans     Impaired loans             –Stage 1   (Lifetime ECL-not       (Lifetime ECL-
                                        and advances      and advances        (12-month ECL)    credit-impaired)     credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                3,985                2,752             9,038                 372                1,940
            Credit card                        18,349                9,033             4,869              15,969                8,645

                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                          –Stage 2            –Stage 3
                                         Overdue loans       Impaired loans         –Stage 1    (Lifetime ECL-not       (Lifetime ECL-
                                         and advances         and advances    (12-month ECL)      credit-impaired)    credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                3,614                2,610             7,655                 435                2,054
            Credit card                        12,595                6,394             4,213              12,895                6,044

            As at 31 December 2019, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
            held against impaired loans and advances is RMB7,421 million (31 December 2018: RMB6,868 million).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                       317
Annual Report 2019



(H) Overdue loans and advances to customers
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                         2019     2018
       Headquarters                                                     10,835    6,025
       Yangtze River Delta region                                        6,920    7,834
       Bohai Rim region                                                  6,324    7,798
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                           6,420    6,020
       Northeast region                                                  4,023    3,922
       Central region                                                    2,957    4,003
       Western region                                                    5,777    5,460
       Outside Mainland China                                              276      248
       Subsidiaries                                                        932      962
       Total                                                            44,464   42,272



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                         2019     2018
       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been overdue
         with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                            9,015    7,057
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                          11,273    9,390
         – over 12 months                                               24,176   25,825
       Total                                                            44,464   42,272
       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                           0.20%    0.18%
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                          0.25%    0.24%
         – over 12 months                                               0.54%    0.66%
       Total                                                            0.99%    1.08%
318   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (H) Overdue loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                                 2019                      2018
            Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                     11,849                      9,277
            Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   32,483                    32,978
            Value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                       46,032                    19,137

            The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2019 was RMB1
            million (2018: RMB1 million).
            Note: The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                  Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                  For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                  classified as overdue.

                  Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                  repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved limit
                  that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                  The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value of
                  collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current realisation
                  experience as well as market situation. Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to the gross
                  advance had been included in the “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (I)   Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                                                           2019                                            2018
                                                                                                     % of total                                     % of total
                                                                                                     loans and                                      loans and
                                                                                 Amount               advances                   Amount              advances
            Rescheduled loans and advances to
              customers (Note)                                                     25,022                  0.56%                   22,766                0.58%
            Less:
              – rescheduled loans and advances
                    overdue more than 90 days                                      19,255                  0.43%                   16,218                0.41%
            Rescheduled loans and advances overdue
              less than 90 days                                                      5,767                 0.13%                    6,548                0.17%

            Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

            The amount of the Group’s rescheduled loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2019 was 1
            million (2018: 1 million).



      (J) Non-bank mainland china exposures
            The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
            in the Mainland China. As of 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
            businesses with Mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
            counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                           319
Annual Report 2019



(K) Corporate governance
      Board committees
      The Board of Directors has established six committees including the Strategy Committee, Audit committee, Related
      Party Transactions Control Committee, Risk and Capital Management Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee and Nomination Committee.


      (i)     Strategy Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Strategy Committee are:
              –        to formulate the operational goals and medium-to-long term development strategies of the Bank, and
                       make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
              –        to consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
              –        to supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
              –        to evaluate and monitor the implementation of Board resolutions; and
              –        to make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the
                       Board of Directors.


      (ii)    Audit Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Audit Committee are:
              –        to propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
              –        to monitor the internal audit system of the Bank and its implementation, and evaluate the work
                       procedures and work effectiveness of its internal audit department;
              –        to coordinate the communication between internal auditors and external auditors;
              –        to audit the financial information of the Bank and disclosure of such information, and is responsible
                       for the annual audit work of the Bank, including issue of a conclusive report on whether the
                       information contained in the audited financial statements is true, accurate, complete and updated,
                       and submit the same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
              –        to examine the internal control system of the Bank, and make recommendations for improvement in
                       the internal control of the Bank;
              –        to review and supervise the mechanism for the Bank’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct
                       in respect of financial reports, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Bank always
                       handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
              –        to examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Bank;
                       and
              –        any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


      (iii)   Related Party Transactions Control Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee are:
              –        to identify connected persons of the Company according to relevant laws and regulations;
              –        to inspect, supervise and review major related party transactions and continuing related party
                       transactions, and to control the risks associated with related party transactions;
              –        to review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Bank, and to monitor the
                       establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Bank;
                       and
              –        to review the announcements on related party transactions of the Bank.
320   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2019



      (K) Corporate governance (continued)
            Board committees (continued)
            (iv)   Risk and Capital Management Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are:
                   –         to supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Bank in relation to credit risk,
                             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk
                             and other risks;
                   –         to make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and
                             capital status of the Bank;
                   –         to perform relevant duties under the advanced capital measurement method pursuant to the
                             authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
                   –         to submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Bank;
                   –         to arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of
                             Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (v)    Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:
                   –         to study the appraisal standards for directors and senior management, and conduct appraisals and
                             make recommendations based on the actual conditions of the Bank;
                   –         to study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior
                             management of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the
                             implementation of such proposals;
                   –         to review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (vi)   Nomination Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Nomination Committee are:
                   –         to review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise,
                             knowledge and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any change to
                             the Board of Directors to implement the strategies of the Bank according to the Bank’s business
                             operations, asset scale and shareholding structure of the Bank;
                   –         to study the standards and procedures for selection of directors and senior management, and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
                   –         to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for directors and senior management;
                   –         to conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for directors and senior management and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
                        We are here     Just for you




                         http: //www.cmbchina.com
Add: China Merchants Bank Tower, No 7088, Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen, China
                           Tel: + 86 755 8319 8888
                           Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                              Postcode: 518040
