H Share Stock Code : 03968



               Annual Report
China Merchants Bank         Contents                                                1
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Contents

2      Definitions
2      Significant Risk Warning
3      Important Notice
4      Chairman’s Statement
8      President’s Statement
12     Chapter I Company Information
18     Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
22     Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
       22     3.1    Analysis of Overall Operation
       22     3.2    Analysis of Income Statement
       29     3.3    Analysis of Balance Sheet
       33     3.4    Analysis of Loan Quality
       39     3.5    Analysis of Capital Adequacy
       42     3.6    Results of Operating Segments
       43     3.7    Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
       43     3.8    Implementation of Development Strategies
       48     3.9    Key Business Concerns in Operation
       57     3.10 Business Operation
       76     3.11 Risk Management
       82     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
85     Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
96     Chapter V Corporate Governance
137    Chapter VI Important Events
144    Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
153    Chapter VIII Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank         Definitions / Significant Risk Warning
    Annual Report 2023 (H share)



    Definitions

    The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants                    CIGNA & CMAM:
    Bank:
                                                                     CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                     CMB Europe S.A.:
    The Group:
                                                                     China Merchants Bank (Europe) Co., Ltd. (招商銀行(歐洲)
    China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                     有限公司)
    CSRC:
                                                                     CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
    China Securities Regulatory Commission
                                                                     CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:
                                                                     MUCFC:
    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                                     Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
    Hong Kong Listing Rules:
                                                                     CMB YunChuang:
    The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK
                                                                     CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
    CMB Wing Lung Bank:                                              100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited                                       CMB Network Technology:
    CMB Wing Lung Group:                                             China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
                                                                     Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
    CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                     indirectly
    CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:
                                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
    CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                  Accountants LLP:

    CMB International Capital or CMBIC:                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
                                                                     LLP (Special General Partnership)
    CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited
                                                                     SFO:
    CMB Wealth Management:
                                                                     Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
    CMB Wealth Management Company Limited
                                                                     Laws of Hong Kong)
    China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
                                                                     Model Code:
    China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                                                     Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange




    Significant Risk Warning

    The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
    Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
China Merchants Bank         Important Notice                                                                                  3
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Important Notice

1.     The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
       confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
       misleading statements or material omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such
       contents.
2.     The 31st meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was convened at the Head Office
       of the Company in Shenzhen on 25 March 2024. The meeting was presided by Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the
       Board of Directors. 12 out of 13 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. Due to business engagement,
       Zhou Song, Non-Executive Director, was absent from the meeting and appointed Zhang Jian (Non-Executive Director)
       as his proxy to attend the meeting. 8 Supervisors of the Company were present at the meeting. The convening of
       the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the
       Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..
3.     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors
       of the Company) have separately audited the 2023 annual financial statements prepared in accordance with the
       PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Financial Reporting Standards, and have separately
       issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
4.     Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this report are expressed in RMB.
5.     Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Wang Liang, President and Chief Executive Officer, Peng Jiawen, Executive
       Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Board of Directors and Zhang Dong, the person in charge
       of the Financial Accounting Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and
       completeness of the financial statements in this report.
6.     The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a cash dividend of RMB1.972 (tax inclusive)
       for every ordinary share for the year of 2023. The implementation of the profit appropriation plan is subject to
       consideration and approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting. In 2023, the Company did not transfer any capital
       reserve into share capital.
7.     We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
       results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
       “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
       are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
       forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
       prove to be correct. Therefore, they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not
       place undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
       forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
       of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
       the actual results.
4   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2023 (H share)



    Chairman’s Statement

    In 2023, the Chinese economy sought progress while maintaining stability, with high-quality development being solidly
    promoted. However, it still faced difficulties and challenges, including insufficient effective demand, excess capacity in
    certain industries, relatively weak market expectations, and a variety of potential risks. Confronting these challenges head-
    on, CMB built a fortress-style balance sheet, continuously strengthened the management and control of all costs and risks,
    and maintained dynamically balanced development focusing on “Quality, Profitability and Scale”, thereby ensuring steady
    growth of profits and maintaining the high-quality development momentum. In summary, the Bank’s performance in 2023
    was primarily characterised by “unchanging fundamentals, solid foundation, and unwavering confidence”.


    We have made remarkable achievements in building the “three capabilities”. In terms of risk management
    capability, as of the end of 2023, the non-performing loan ratio was 0.95%, indicating overall stability in asset quality.
    The allowance coverage ratio remained at a high level, reaching 437.70%. The Bank further implemented the “Six All”1 risk
    management system, consistently promoted risk prevention and mitigation in key areas such as real estate and credit cards,
    stepped up the management of risks associated with off-balance sheet businesses, launched the “dynamic rebalancing”
    asset allocation tactics, promoted risk management empowered by digitalisation, and resolutely upheld the risk bottom line.
    In terms of wealth management capability, the number of retail customers was 197 million, and the balance of total
    assets under management (AUM) from retail customers exceeded RMB13 trillion. In terms of Fintech capability, CMB
    took the lead in the industry in achieving a full-scale cloud deployment, and the “Project of Full-scale Cloud Deployment of
    CMB Banking System” won the first prize of Fintech Development Award of the People’s Bank of China. The Bank initiated
    the construction of a large model ecosystem, and established a large model experience platform, connecting to multiple
    mainstream large models in China.


    We have achieved initial success in building the “Malik Curve”. CMB increased its input in technology, and
    comprehensively pushed forward a digital reshaping focusing on online, data-based, intelligent, platform-based and
    ecological operation. “Stepping out of its comfort zone and daring to embrace new challenges”, the Bank gradually
    established a financial services ecosystem and explored scenario-based applications of artificial intelligence. The Bank
    released the CMB APP 12.0 version with upgraded core scenario-based services such as accounting, loans, etc. with the
    number of users exceeding 200 million. Intelligent operation were applied in scenarios such as intelligent customer service,
    intelligent process, quality inspection and the Conch RPA+ (Robotic Process Automation), and our staff were relieved from
    repetitive, time-consuming work equivalent to a workload of over 17,000 individuals.


    We have taken solid steps towards building a “world-class value creation bank”. In terms of customer value, the
    Bank focused on value creation and actively fulfilled its mission of “serving the nation and the people with finance”.
    Through the steady growth in on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet businesses, the Bank supported the real economy
    at multiple levels, through multiple channels, and by multiple financing structures, with the balance of aggregate
    financing products to corporate customers (FPA) exceeding RMB5.5 trillion. The Bank employed a “people + digitalisation”
    mechanism to improve the breadth, depth, personal touch and precision of its services, and enhanced consumer rights
    protection, with 99.16% of customer complaints responded within one hour. In terms of employee value, CMB adopted
    a strict yet caring attitude in management of staff, and has been shortlisted as top ten “Best Employers of the Year” by
    Zhaopin.com for 13 consecutive years. In terms of shareholder value, the return on average equity (ROAE) attributable
    to ordinary shareholders of the Bank remained above 16%, creating good returns for shareholders. In terms of partner
    value, the Bank continued to expand the “circle of friends” in the wealth management ecosystem. Our “Zhao Cai Hao (招
    財號)”, an open platform of wealth management business, has onboarded in total 152 asset management institutions
    with industrial representativeness. In terms of social value, CMB actively practiced the concept of “blue waters and
    green mountains are indeed gold and silver mountains”. Its balance of green loans was nearly RMB450 billion. The Bank
    has won wide international acclaim in recognition of its excellent performance. It ranked first in the award of “Best
    Performing Chinese Bank” released by The Banker (UK) for three consecutive years, and achieved the first “5 Consecutive
    Championship” in the history of the “Best Bank in China” selection by Euromoney.




    1
        Six All: all risks, all branches and subsidiaries, all customers, all assets, all processes and all factors.
China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement   5
Annual Report 2023 (H share)




          Miao Jianmin
          Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2023 (H share)


    The 2023 Central Financial Work Conference marked a new milestone in the development history of China’s financial
    industry, calling for accelerated actions to make China a financial powerhouse in the new era. Finance is an important part
    of China’s core competitiveness, and its high-quality development plays a pivotal role in the overall success of Chinese
    style modernisation. In 2024, CMB will unswervingly follow the path of financial development with Chinese
    characteristics and contribute to the transformation of China into a financial powerhouse. We will maintain stable
    operation, resolutely upholding the risk bottom line. We will forge ahead in a responsible and proactive manner,
    countering uncertainties of the environment with our own efforts. We will spearhead the trend, seizing the major
    development opportunities brought about by the large language model to establish an unassailable core competitiveness.
    We will shift paradigm, assessing and timely responding to the prevailing trends over interest rates, real estate, and
    population with forward-looking and strategic vision.


    – We aim to grow stronger, better, and bigger through differentiated development. With accurate positioning of
    our strategic direction, the Bank will unwaveringly adhere to our strategic goal of building a “world-class value creation
    bank”, maintain our existing characteristics and competitiveness, build a new moat centred around intelligent banking, and
    further strengthen all cost management. The Bank will give full play to the differentiated competitive advantages in retail
    finance, extensive wealth management and digitalisation to deliver solid achievements in the “five priorities” of sci-tech
    finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, and digital finance. In the national campaign to build global
    financial centre, the Bank will undauntedly shoulder responsibilities, grow and strengthen cross-border finance, consolidate
    and improve our business characteristics in syndicated loans, asset management, wealth management and other aspects in
    the Hong Kong market.


    – We aim to strengthen risk management and control in key areas. To maintain steady growth amidst a challenging
    and complex business environment, our greatest confidence lies in our prudent risk culture and effective risk management.
    We will stabilise the growth rate in scale, optimise the asset structure, and strive to form a new balance among the growth
    rate of risk-weighted asset, the growth rate of profit, as well as capital endogeneity. We will closely monitor risks in key
    areas such as real estate, industries with overcapacity, and extensive wealth management. We will also deepen science and
    technology security management and strengthen compliance risk management.


    – We aim to promote a financial culture with Chinese characteristics. Carrying with the “China Merchants Inheritance,
    Hailiao Spirit (海遼精神) and Shekou Gene”, CMB has cultivated an excellent corporate culture. Our entrepreneurial
    culture of “fighting spirit and dedication”, service culture of “We are here just for you”, innovative culture that honours
    “pioneering spirit”, and risk culture prioritising “stability and prudence” have become the fundamental consensus among
    all employees of the Bank, contributing significantly to the formation of a positive brand image for CMB. We will effectively
    educate employees about the ideals and the financial culture with Chinese characteristics, establish righteous philosophies
    on business, performance and risk, solidify the foundation of financial culture, and safeguard the essence of the modern
    financial system with Chinese characteristics.
China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement                                                                               7
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


The year 2024 marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, and it is also a crucial year for
implementing the “14th Five-Year” strategic plan. As the saying goes, “diligent ploughing in spring begets bountiful harvest
in autumn”. We will remain steadfast in our confidence, build on our capabilities, and work diligently with perseverance
to achieve high-quality growth of CMB, thereby contributing to China’s development into a financial powerhouse, while
writing a new chapter for CMB on the journey of financial development with Chinese characteristics. Paying tribute to
history with a commitment to carrying forward its legacy, and creating history with an ambition to write our own story, we
will strive to achieve greater successes on the Chinese path to modernisation.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Chairman




25 March 2024
8   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2023 (H share)



    President’s Statement

    In the face of the complicated and volatile business environment at home and abroad in 2023, the management of the
    Bank led all employees to earnestly fulfill the work requirements outlined by the national macroeconomic policies as well as
    the regulatory departments, and accomplish the objectives and tasks set by the Board of Directors. The Bank made stability
    as its top priority, sought progress while maintaining stability, adhered to high-quality development with the strategic
    objectives of building a value creation bank, thereby achieving dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability
    and Scale”.
    The Company continued to consolidate the fortress-style balance sheet, which boasted the financial indicators to
    maintain the good momentum featuring steady growth with improved quality. We saw steady growth in business
    scale. As of the end of 2023, our total assets reached a new milestone of RMB11 trillion. Our operating efficiency remained
    stable. Annual net operating income amounted to RMB339.078 billion. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the
    Bank amounted to RMB146.602 billion, with ROAA and ROAE being 1.39% and 16.22%, respectively. We maintained
    endogenous capital growth. The core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced
    Measurement Approach were 13.73% and 17.88% respectively, up by 0.05 and 0.11 percentage point from the end of
    the previous year, respectively. Asset quality has improved overall with a non-performing loan ratio of 0.95%, down by
    0.01 percentage point from the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio was 437.70% and allowance-to-
    loan ratio was 4.14%, maintaining strong risk compensation capability. We further consolidated structural advantages by
    strengthening our capital-heavy business while expanding capital-light business operations, and realised more balanced and
    stable management of customer structure, asset structure, regional structure and income structure, relentlessly reinforcing
    the foundation for sound operation.
    The Company continued to strengthen its featured and systematic competitive advantages and maintained the
    balanced and coordinated development. Our four major business segments kept steady growth momentum. We secured
    the dominant position of retail finance, while consolidating and expanding our systematic advantages. The number of retail
    customers we served reached 197 million, up by 7.07% from the end of the previous year, thanks to more retail customers
    choosing CMB. Total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers exceeded RMB13 trillion, and retail finance
    contributed more than 55% of total net operating income and total profit before tax. We consistently exceled in corporate
    finance, enhanced our services rendered to customers in terms of the breadth and depth, and established distinctive
    financial service systems including sci-tech finance, green finance, etc. The number of our corporate customers reached
    2,820,600, up by 11.66% from the end of the previous year, and the aggregate financing products (FPA) provided to real
    economy-based enterprise clients exceeded RMB5.5 trillion. We continued to pursue business specialisation and innovation
    in investment banking and financial markets business, and maintained a leading position in various specialised sectors such
    as M&A loans, bond underwriting, bond trading, bill business and asset custody. We continued to expand and strengthen
    our wealth management and asset management business, and our capability was constantly enhanced. The number of retail
    customers holding our wealth management products exceeded 50 million, representing an increase of 19.13% as compared
    with the end of the previous year. The total asset management business scale reached RMB4.48 trillion, up by 1.59% from
    the end of the previous year. We made further progress in comprehensive and international business operations, with
    subsidiaries and overseas branches continuing to enhance their competitiveness, and branches in key regions improving
    quality and efficiency of their development, further demonstrating the “flywheel effect” of coordinated development across
    the Bank.
    The Company continued to strengthen the foundation of risk compliance management so as to uphold the
    bottom line of systemic risk. We reinforced the concept of “how far we can reach depends on our risk management
    capabilities” and advanced the establishment of the risk management system covering “all risks, all branches and
    subsidiaries, all customers, all assets, all processes and all factors”, enhanced digital risk control capabilities and efficiency,
    and strengthened proactive risk prevention and control and differentiated management of the branches and subsidiaries.
    We actively prevented and mitigated risks in key areas, increased efforts to dispose of non-performing assets, and firmly
    upheld the risk bottom line. We comprehensively strengthened internal control compliance, and enhanced sanction and
    money laundering risk management.
    The Company continued to improve refined management level and enhanced high-quality development
    capabilities. We tightened up internal management, optimised assets and liabilities management, performance
    management, cost management, capital management, pricing management, budget management, etc. and steadily
    promoted the implementation of the New Capital Rules. We aim to provide solid support for the implementation of the
    value creation bank strategy and achieve balance among multiple goals. We deepened organisational reform, steadily
    advanced the reform of branch operational systems, optimised the Head Office’s organisational structure and improved
    service system, so at to further align our organisational structure with development strategies.
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                                                9
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


The Company continued to create new advantages in digital transformation and accelerate the construction of
“Digital CMB”. We enhanced top-level design to develop a three-year plan of digital transformation, and sped up the
transition from “Online CMB” to “Smart CMB”. We increased input in technology with the information technology input
reaching 4.60% of the Bank’s net operating income, and R&D personnel accounting for 9.14% of our total employee
headcount. We set our sights on the cutting edge technologies, robustly strengthened the research and development as
well as comprehensive applications of AI technology, and launched brand new intelligent wealth assistant “Xiao Zhao (小
招)”. AI has relieved our staff from repetitive, time-consuming work equivalent to the workload of over 17,000 individuals.
We improved our service capability of “people + digitalisation”, serving over 200 million users via the CMB APP; the online
rate of our basic corporate banking business and financing business exceeded 92%; the digital application capabilities of all
employees of the Bank continued to improve, further enhancing the quality and efficiency for integrated online and offline
services.
The Company continued to build up talent team and promote the CMB culture. We intensified the recruitment of
talents with more than 10,000 people recruited throughout the year; we strengthened the selection and appointment
of management staff and the development of talents across different organisational levels; we enhanced the career
development path of employees, improved the talent training and cultivation system, boosted the professional quality
of employees, and highlighted the application of the “Six Can-do”2 mechanism in order to stimulate the motivation and
vitality of the talent team. We promoted the organic integration of financial culture with Chinese characteristics and CMB
culture to inspire, unite and encourage our employees with such cultures, and enhance the soft power in competition.
The Company continued to practice ESG philosophy and fulfill social responsibilities. We facilitated the green
and low-carbon transformation, developed green finance and promoted green operation. We enhanced consumer rights
protection, conducted the “Service Quality Improvement Year” campaign, promoted the banking service transformation
to be more respectful, suitable, and accessible for the elderly customers, and focused on strengthening network security,
data security, and privacy protection. In the performance appraisal for targeted assistance and poverty alleviation projects,
we received the highest rating for three consecutive years, with an external donation of RMB115 million in the year,
demonstrating our commitment to “benefiting from and giving back to society”.
CMB overcame difficulties and challenges in 2023. Under the strong leadership of the Board of Directors, and with the
unwavering support of governments at all levels, regulatory departments, customers, investors, partners, and all walks
of life, CMB spared no efforts to create greater value for all stakeholders. These hard-earned results have retained our
fundamental stability of customers, market share and asset quality, demonstrating the resilience of sustainable development,
as well as the strength and cohesion of the 110,000 CMBers. We would like to express our sincere gratitude to the people
from all walks of life who care about and support the development of China Merchants Bank, and show our great respect
to the 110,000 CMBers for their hard work!
Drawing a new blueprint in a new era, “high-quality development will be the top priority in the new stage”. The
goal of “Accelerating Construction of a Financial Powerhouse” was proposed at the Central Financial Work Conference,
and CMB will stride in tandem with the times and align with the direction of the Chinese path to modernisation. Steadfast
in its strategic determination, the Company will continue to explore and forge a new model for high-quality financial
development. A new model for high-quality development is anchored in value creation. As the saying goes, “Only by
taking the right path can we avoid going astray”. We will adhere to the goal of creating greater comprehensive value for
customers, employees, shareholders, partners and society, serve the real economy and people’s aspiration for a better life,
and follow the value creation logic of “volume growth - revenue growth - profit growth - value growth”, resolutely forging
ahead on the right path. A new model of high-quality development honours long-term success. Bank operation is a
marathon, and it is about the determination and endurance to secure steady and sustainable growth. The path of extensive
development driven by scale expansion has been proved unsustainable, and the “100-1=0” effect of risk will be more
prominent, highlighting the logic of development determined by management and driven by innovation. We will adhere to
the development philosophy which “takes quality as the foundation and profitability as priority, while maintaining moderate
scale and reasonable structure” to achieve long-term sustainable development through intensive growth. A new model
of high-quality development is rooted in differentiation and specialisation. As one of the first batch of joint-stock
commercial banks established in the mid to late 1980s, the Bank has been making every effort to become a new force
serving the real economy and people’s livelihood, and a path-breaker for financial innovation and development. We will
grow stronger, better and bigger through differentiated competition to serve a wider range of customers and cater for more
diversified financial needs to integrate ourselves into a multi-layered, wide-covered, and differentiated modern financial
service system. A new model of high-quality development emphasises balance and coordination. Individual business
and institution will find it difficult to meet customer needs through its own efforts only, which is also unsustainable. We
will uphold the philosophy of “One CMB” and provide customers with comprehensive, global and integrated services, thus
achieving balanced, coordinated and complementary development of various business segments and regional branches and
subsidiaries.




2
    Management staff can be promoted or demoted; qualified talents can be recruited and those unqualified can be dismissed; remuneration can be
    increased or decreased.
10   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)




               Wang Liang
               President and Chief Executive Officer
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                             11
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


In the new year, the Bank will insist on leveraging management and innovation as the two pivotal drivers for the new model
of high-quality development. Holding strict management as a shield, the Company will strengthen the foundation,
improve quality, reduce costs, increase efficiency, and establish a standardised, refined, empowering, systematic, and
scientific management system to expand the breadth and depth of risk management, cost management, institutional
management and talent management in all aspects, and improve the level of intensive development. Upholding
fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新), the Company will seize the great opportunities along the
Chinese path to modernisation, ride the wave of scientific and technological progress, and focus on the needs of the real
economy and people’s livelihood to strive for breakthroughs in scientific and technological innovation, product innovation,
business innovation, model innovation, and management innovation, and create new advantages in more segment markets.
We must “attain to the broad and great while addressing the delicate and minute”. Every bit of management
improvement and micro-innovation, if sustained over time, will produce a compound effect in value creation and turn
quantitative changes into qualitative changes. Lofty aspirations grounded in persevered actions will lead to great
success. High-quality development is not only extolled in the grand narrative of the revolution of the banking operational
philosophy, but also embedded in the perseverance of little efforts that lead to remarkable success. This year marks the
37th anniversary of the establishment of CMB. CMB was born out of reform and has risen with the times. Adhering to the
spirit of “making our country flourish by solid work”, the courage of “breaking new ground”, and the original aspiration
of “creating a real commercial bank”, CMB sailed from Shekou, towards the whole country and towards the world. We
will remain true to our original aspiration and forge ahead on the path of high-quality development to achieve the strategic
goal of becoming a value creation bank and to build a world-class commercial bank. We will explore the CMB example
for financial development with Chinese characteristics, and contribute to the efforts of the construction of a financial
powerhouse.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
President and Chief Executive Officer




25 March 2024
12   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     Company Information

     1.1 Company Profile
           1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
                  Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.


           1.1.2 Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
                 Authorised Representatives: Wang Liang, Peng Jiawen
                 Secretary of the Board of Directors: Peng Jiawen
                 Joint Company Secretaries: Peng Jiawen, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
                 Securities Representative: Xia Yangfang


           1.1.3 Registered and Office Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
                 China


           1.1.4 Contact Details:
                 Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
                 Postcode: 518040
                 Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
                 Fax: +86 755 8319 5555
                 E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
                 Website: www.cmbchina.com
                 Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
                 Credit card complaint hotline: +86 400 820 5555-7


           1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong: 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central,
                 Hong Kong, the PRC


           1.1.6 Share Listing:
                 A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                           Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                           Stock Code: 600036
                 H Shares: SEHK
                           Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                           Stock Code: 03968
                 Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                              Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優 1)
                                              Stock Code: 360028
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                              13
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Centre, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                                Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Wu Lingzhi, Sun Weiqi
             International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                      Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong, the PRC


      1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: JunHe LLP
             Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills


      1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares:
             China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
             Address: 188 South-Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC
             Tel: +86 4008 058 058
             Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares:
             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
             Address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC
             Tel: +852 2862 8555
             Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd.,
             Shanghai Branch


      1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
             The Chinese mainland:    “China Securities Journal” (www.cs.com.cn), “Securities Times” (www.stcn.com),
                                      “Shanghai Securities News” (www.cnstock.com)

                                      website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                                      website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Hong Kong:               website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                      website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Place for maintenance of periodic reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company and principal
             place of business of the Company
14   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     1.2 Corporate Business Overview
           Founded in 1987, the Company is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. The Company mainly focuses on the market
           in China with branches primarily covering major cities in the Chinese mainland, as well as international financial
           centres such as Hong Kong of China, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. The Company was
           listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2002 and the SEHK in September 2006.
           The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
           treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services of
           the Company have been well accepted by the market. Retail banking services include the account, payment and
           settlement service based on the “All-in-one” multifunction debit card and credit card, segmented and classified
           wealth management services including the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services,
           retail credit services, CMB APP, CMB Life APP, “All-in-one Net” comprehensive online banking service platform, and
           other online services. Wholesale banking services include payment and settlement, wealth management, investment
           and financing and digital services, cash management, sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement
           finance, digital finance, supply chain finance and cross-border finance services, asset management, asset custody
           and investment banking services etc. The Company continues to tap further into the living and business circles of
           customers to provide customers with customised, intelligent and comprehensive solutions for their supply chains and
           investment chains.
           The Company has come up with the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven
           development, leading model and distinguished features” based on the internal and external situation and its own
           development. In line with the trend of the acceleration in the construction of China’s modern industrial system, the
           Company consistently enhances its quality and efficiency in serving the real economy and social well-being, and
           strives to create more value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and society, with the aim of making
           greater contributions to the modernisation process with Chinese characteristics.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                                         15
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



1.3 Development Strategies
      Strategic vision:         We are committed to building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven
                                development, leading model and distinguished features.
      Strategic objectives:     Building a value creation bank.
                                The Company upholds the philosophy of win-win in business and business for common
                                good to grow into a value creation bank in pursuit of maximising the comprehensive value
                                of customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, aiming to become a
                                world-class commercial bank.
      Core Value:               Being customer-centric and creating values for customers.
      Strategic focus:          Adhering to the concept of dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability
                                and Scale”, the Company focuses on the building of three core capacities of “wealth
                                management, Fintech and risk management” to promote the evolution of organisational
                                culture consistently. Based on the needs of the country and enterprises and the ability of
                                China Merchants Bank, we practically implement the ESG concept, serve the real economy
                                and meet the needs of people’s livelihood to create a new stage for high-quality growth.
      Enlarging wealth management business and accelerating the transformation of the business model. By
      adopting a customer-centric approach to business operations and focusing on the value creation chain of “volume
      growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, the Company aims to foster a flywheel effect by fully
      integrating its four major business segments: retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and financial
      markets, wealth management and asset management, and will strive to deliver sustained growth in both total assets
      under management (AUM) from retail customers and the aggregate financing products to corporate customers (FPA).
      Optimising Fintech and accelerating comprehensive digital transformation. Focusing on the goal of online,
      data-based, intelligent, platform-based and ecological operation, we will comprehensively promote the digital
      reshaping of financial infrastructure and capability system, customers and channels, businesses and products,
      management and decision-making. In particular, we are actively exploring the new mode of “AI + Finance” to make
      artificial intelligence a more important part of China Merchants Bank’s intelligence, and build a value creation bank
      through the “Digital CMB”.
      Strengthening risk management and building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management
      system. Adhering to the prudent risk management principle, using Fintech as the tool, and taking a prudent risk
      appetite as a safeguard measure, we will create a “Six All” risk management system covering all risks, all branches
      and subsidiaries, all customers, all assets, all processes, and all factors to support the operation of the value creation
      bank.
      Pursuing the core values and building the cultural and organisational foundation for a value creation bank.
      Firstly, we will uphold and enhance China Merchants Bank’s corporate culture focusing on entrepreneurship, service
      quality, innovation, risk management, compliance, management excellence, and people-orientation, with an aim
      to create a vibrant and evolving cultural system. Secondly, we will establish an organising team for supporting our
      service strategies and creating value together, providing organisational support and talent foundations for a value
      creation bank. Thirdly, we will actively implement sustainable development principles in serving the real economy,
      actively fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities, and enhancing the standard of our corporate governance.
16   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     1.4 Honors and Awards
           In 2023, the Company received a number of honours and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
           including:
           •      The Company ranked 10th globally in “The Top 500 Banking Brands 2023” released by The Banker (UK) in
                  February 2023, with a brand value of USD24.536 billion.
           •      In March 2023, the Company was awarded the “Best Retail Bank in China” in “Asia Trailblazer Awards
                  2023” hosted by Retail Banker International.
           •      In June 2023, the US-based Institutional Investor magazine released the results of the “2023 All-Asia
                  Executive Team”, recognising the Company as the bank with the highest overall ranking and the most
                  awards in the Asian region. The Company won several awards, including “Best Board of Directors”, “Asia’s
                  Most Respected Company”, “Best IR Company” and “Best ESG Company”.
           •      In July 2023, the Company ranked 11th on the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks 2023” released by The Banker
                  (UK), ranking first in the best performing Chinese banks for three consecutive years.
           •      In July 2023, the Company received the award of “Best Bank in China” at the “2023 Awards for Excellence”
                  ceremony staged by Euromoney (UK) for the fifth consecutive year, marking the first “5-year championship
                  streak” in its awarding history, and was also the only Chinese bank to receive the “Awards for Excellence” in
                  that year.
           •      The list of Fortune Global 500 was officially released in August 2023, on which the Company ranked 179th
                  and making the list for 12 consecutive years.
           •      In August 2023, the Company was recognised as the “Best CSR Bank in China” and “Best Investment Bank
                  in China” at the awards ceremony for the “Best Banks in China 2023” hosted by Asiamoney.
           •      In September 2023, in the selection of the “2023 China Star” organised by the US-based Global Finance
                  magazine, the Company was honoured with three awards, namely, “Best Wealth Management Provider”,
                  “Best Corporate Governance Bank” and “Best Transaction Service Bank”.

           •      In November 2023, the Company ranked among China’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune magazine.
           •      In December 2023, the Company won “Top 10 Best Employers 2023”, “Most Socially Responsible Employer”
                  and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony for the “Best Employer in China 2023”
                  jointly organised by Zhaopin.com and Institute of Social Science Survey, Peking University, and has been
                  shortlisted in the top 10 list of “Best Employers of the Year” for 13 consecutive years.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators   17
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Facilitating
Summary          digital
         of Accounting   Data
and Financial Indicators
transformation of enterprises
to open a new chapter by
riding on the momentum
18   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     Summary of Accounting Data
     and Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Group
                                                                                                                                                          Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                         2023                    2022                            +/-%
            Operating Results
            Net operating income(1)                                                              339,078                 344,740                            -1.64
            Profit before tax                                                                    176,618                 165,113                             6.97
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                  146,602                 138,012                             6.22
            Per Share (RMB yuan)
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of
              the Bank(2)                                                                             5.63                    5.26                           7.03
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
              of the Bank                                                                             5.63                    5.26                           7.03

                                                                                         31 December              31 December                             Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                    2023                     2022                                +/-%
            Volume Indicators
            Total assets                                                                     11,028,483             10,138,912                               8.77
              of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                              6,508,865              6,051,459                               7.56
            Total liabilities                                                                 9,942,754              9,184,674                               8.25
              of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                      8,155,438              7,535,742                               8.22
            Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                             1,076,370                945,503                              13.84
            Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank (RMB yuan)(2)                                                36.71                   32.71                           12.23

            Notes:

            (1)      Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of joint
                     ventures and associates.

            (2)      The Company issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and issued perpetual bonds in 2020, 2021 and 2023, all of which were
                     classified as other equity instruments. In addition, the Company paid dividends on preference shares and interests on perpetual bonds in 2023.
                     Therefore, when calculating the indicators such as basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, return on average equity
                     attributable to ordinary shareholders and net assets per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, dividends on the preference shares and
                     interests on perpetual bonds have been deducted from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares and
                     perpetual bonds shall be deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net assets”.

            (3)      Unless otherwise stated, the balance of the relevant financial instrument items herein and set out below exclude accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                        19
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



2.2 Financial Ratios of the Group
       (%)                                                                                            2023                     2022                     Changes
       Profitability indicators
       Return on average assets attributable to shareholders of                                       1.39                      1.42         Decreased by 0.03
         the Bank                                                                                                                             percentage point
       Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                             16.22                    17.06          Decreased by 0.84
         shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                             percentage point
       Net interest spread(1)                                                                         2.03                      2.28         Decreased by 0.25
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Net interest margin(2)                                                                         2.15                      2.40         Decreased by 0.25
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       As percentage of net operating income
         – Net interest income                                                                       63.31                    63.30           Increased by 0.01
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
             – Net non-interest income                                                               36.69                    36.70          Decreased by 0.01
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                       32.97                    32.89           Increased by 0.08
                                                                                                                                               percentage point

                                                                                         31 December               31 December                     Changes over
       (%)                                                                                      2023                      2022                    2022 year-end
       Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
         Measurement Approach(4)
       Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                            13.73                    13.68           Increased by 0.05
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                 16.01                    15.75           Increased by 0.26
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Capital adequacy ratio                                                                        17.88                    17.77           Increased by 0.11
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Equity to total assets                                                                         9.84                      9.41          Increased by 0.43
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Asset quality indicators
       Non-performing loan ratio                                                                      0.95                      0.96        Decreased by 0.01
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
       Allowance coverage ratio(5)                                                                 437.70                   450.79         Decreased by 13.09
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
       Allowance-to-loan ratio(6)                                                                     4.14                      4.32        Decreased by 0.18
                                                                                                                                             percentage point

                                                                                                      2023                     2022                     Changes
       Credit cost ratio     (7)
                                                                                                      0.74                      0.78         Decreased by 0.04
                                                                                                                                              percentage point

       Notes:

       (1)       Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

       (2)       Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

       (3)       Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for
                 insurance claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties and others.

       (4)       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio
                 under the Weighted Approach were 11.86%, 13.82% and 14.96% respectively.

       (5)       Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

       (6)       Allowance-to-loan ratio = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.

       (7)       Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers, the
                 average of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans and
                 advances to customers at the end of the period)/2.
20   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     2.3 Five-year Financial Summary of the Group
            (in millions of RMB)                              2023         2022          2021          2020        2019
            Results for the year
            Net operating income                           339,078      344,740       331,407       290,279     269,788
            Operating expenses                             120,991      122,061       116,879       102,814      91,497
            Impairment losses                               41,469       57,566        66,355        65,025      61,159
            Profit before tax                              176,618      165,113       148,173       122,440     117,132
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of
              the Bank                                     146,602      138,012       119,922        97,342      92,867
            (RMB yuan)
            Per Share
            Dividend (tax inclusive)                          1.972        1.738         1.522        1.253         1.20
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.63         5.26          4.61          3.79        3.62
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.63         5.26          4.61          3.79        3.62
            Year-end net assets attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               36.71        32.71         29.01        25.36       22.89
            (in millions of RMB)
            Year end
            Share capital                                    25,220       25,220        25,220        25,220      25,220
            Total shareholders’ equity                    1,085,729      954,238       865,681       730,354     617,707
            Total liabilities                             9,942,754    9,184,674     8,383,340     7,631,094   6,799,533
            Deposits from customers                       8,155,438    7,535,742     6,347,078     5,628,336   4,844,422
            Total assets                                 11,028,483   10,138,912     9,249,021     8,361,448   7,417,240
            Total loans and advances to customers         6,508,865    6,051,459     5,570,034     5,029,128   4,490,650
            (%)
            Key Financial Ratios
            Return on average assets attributable to
              shareholders of the Bank                         1.39         1.42          1.36          1.23        1.31
            Return on average equity attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               16.22        17.06         16.96        15.73       16.84
            Cost-to-income ratio                              32.97        32.89         33.11        33.33       32.08
            Non-performing loan ratio                          0.95         0.96          0.91         1.07        1.16
            Credit cost ratio                                  0.74         0.78          0.70         0.98        1.29
            Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
              the Advanced Measurement Approach               13.73        13.68         12.66        12.29       11.95
            Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   16.01        15.75         14.94        13.98       12.69
            Capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   17.88        17.77         17.48        16.54       15.54
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis   21
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Piecing every
Management        small
           Discussion     dream
                      and Analysis
together to fill-in the
development blueprint
22   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     Management Discussion and Analysis

     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
           In 2023, the Group adhered to the concept of dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and
           Scale”, took the strategic target of building a value creation bank and carried out various businesses in a sound
           manner. Both the scale of assets and liabilities and net profit grew steadily, and the overall asset quality was stable.
           During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB339.078 billion, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 1.64%; realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB146.602
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.22%; realised the net interest income of RMB214.669 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.63%; and realised the net non-interest income of RMB124.409 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.66%. The return on average asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of
           the Bank and return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.39% and
           16.22%, down by 0.03 percentage point and 0.84 percentage point year-on-year, respectively.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB11,028.483 billion, representing
           an increase of 8.77% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
           amounted to RMB6,508.865 billion, representing an increase of 7.56% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB9,942.754 billion, representing an increase of 8.25% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB8,155.438 billion, representing an
           increase of 8.22% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of non-performing loans of RMB61.579 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB3.575 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
           loan ratio was 0.95%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The allowance coverage ratio was 437.70%, representing a decrease of 13.09 percentage points as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.14%, representing a decrease of 0.18
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
     3.2.1 Financial highlights
           During the reporting period, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB176.618 billion, representing a year-on-
           year increase of 6.97%. The effective income tax rate was 16.20%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.56
           percentage point. The following table sets out the major income/loss items of the Group for the periods indicated.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2023               2022
           Net interest income                                                                        214,669            218,235
           Net fee and commission income                                                               84,108             94,275
           Other net income                                                                            37,825             29,705
           Operating expenses                                                                        (120,991)          (122,061)
           Expected credit losses                                                                     (41,278)           (56,751)
           Impairment losses on other assets                                                             (191)              (815)
           Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                            2,476              2,525
           Profit before tax                                                                          176,618            165,113
           Income tax                                                                                 (28,612)           (25,819)
           Net profit                                                                                 148,006            139,294
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                        146,602            138,012
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    23
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.2.2 Net operating income
      During the reporting period, the Group realised net operating income of RMB339.078 billion, representing a year-
      on-year decrease of 1.64%, of which net interest income accounted for 63.31% and net non-interest income
      accounted for 36.69% with a year-on-year decrease of 0.01 percentage point.



3.2.3 Interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB375.610 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 6.29%, mainly due to the increase in interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and
      advances to customers continued to be the largest component of the interest income of the Group.
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      During the reporting period, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was
      RMB268.240 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.99%.
      The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
      average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                          2023                                      2022
      (in millions of RMB,                 Average        Interest     Average        Average        Interest     Average
      except for percentages)              balance         income     yield (%)       balance        income      yield (%)
      Corporate loans                     2,523,210        94,526          3.75     2,250,662        86,754          3.85
      Retail loans                        3,308,043       166,104          5.02     3,089,371       168,174          5.44
      Discounted bills                      468,652         7,610          1.62       510,242        10,673          2.09
      Loans and advances to
        customers                         6,299,905       268,240          4.26     5,850,275       265,601          4.54

      During the reporting period, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of
      the Group, the average balance of short-term loans was RMB2,189.539 billion with the interest income amounting
      to RMB102.214 billion, and the average yield reached 4.67%; the average balance of medium- and long-term
      loans was RMB4,110.366 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB166.026 billion, and the average yield
      reached 4.04%. The average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium- and long-term loans, which
      was mainly attributable to the higher yield of credit card loans and consumer loans (as short-term loans) and the
      higher proportion thereof.
      Interest income from investments
      During the reporting period, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB80.836 billion, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 22.84%, which was mainly influenced by the investment volume. The average yield of
      investments was 3.22%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2 basis points, which was mainly attributable to
      the impact of the downward market interest rates.
      Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      During the reporting period, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other
      financial institutions was RMB16.557 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.74%, and the average yield
      of balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions was 2.80%, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 71 basis points, which was primarily attributable to the increase in yield of balances and placements with
      banks and other financial institutions denominated in foreign currencies because of the effect of the rate hikes by
      the US Federal Reserve.
24   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.2.4 Interest expense
           During the reporting period, the interest expense of the Group was RMB160.941 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 19.09%, mainly due to the increase in the scale of the interest-bearing liabilities and the increase of the
           cost ratio of interest expense.
           Interest expense on deposits from customers
           During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB128.809 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 21.71%, mainly due to the sustained rapid growth of deposits from
           customers as well as the increase in the cost ratio of deposits.
           The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expense and average cost ratios of the deposits from
           corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                               2023                                       2022
                                                                            Average                                     Average
           (in millions of RMB,                 Average        Interest    cost ratio       Average       Interest     cost ratio
           except for percentages)              balance        expense           (%)        balance       expense            (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
             Demand                            2,670,778        29,002           1.09    2,631,389         27,749           1.05
             Time                              1,989,200        53,186           2.67    1,755,394         46,698           2.66
              Subtotal                         4,659,978        82,188           1.76    4,386,783         74,447           1.70
           Deposits from retail customers
             Demand                            1,857,291         7,337           0.40    1,655,088          6,073           0.37
             Time                              1,415,757        39,284           2.77      913,786         25,316           2.77
              Subtotal                         3,273,048        46,621           1.42    2,568,874         31,389           1.22
           Total                               7,933,026       128,809           1.62    6,955,657       105,836            1.52

           Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial
           institutions of the Group amounted to RMB19.866 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.81%, which
           was primarily attributable to the year-on-year increase of cost ratio of deposits and placements from banks and
           other financial institutions denominated in foreign currencies resulting from the US Federal Reserve’s interest rate
           hike.
           Interest expense on debt securities issued
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB7.781
           billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 19.47%, mainly due to the sound growth in deposits from
           customers, resulting in the decrease in daily average scale of debt securities issued.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      25
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.2.5 Net interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB214.669 billion, representing a year-
      on-year decrease of 1.63%.
      The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
      assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                              2023                                     2022
      (in millions of RMB,                     Average        Interest     Average       Average       Interest     Average
      except for percentages)                  balance         income     yield (%)      balance       income      yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers         6,299,905      268,240           4.26   5,850,275       265,601          4.54
      Investments                             2,509,774       80,836           3.22   2,029,578        65,808          3.24
      Balances with the central bank            586,797        9,977           1.70     557,031         8,482          1.52
      Balances and placements with banks
        and other financial institutions        591,320        16,557          2.80     644,938        13,489          2.09
      Total                                   9,987,796      375,610           3.76   9,081,822       353,380          3.89

                                                                          Average                                  Average
      (in millions of RMB,                     Average       Interest    cost ratio      Average      Interest    cost ratio
      except for percentages)                  balance       expense           (%)       balance      expense           (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                 7,933,026      128,809           1.62   6,955,657       105,836          1.52
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions        950,595        19,866          2.09     996,819        16,309          1.64
      Debt securities issued                    240,163         7,781          3.24     322,784         9,662          2.99
      Borrowings from the central bank          186,340         4,005          2.15     122,194         2,828          2.31
      Lease liabilities                          12,718           480          3.77      13,408           510          3.80
      Total                                   9,322,842      160,941           1.73   8,410,862       135,145          1.61
      Net interest income                             ╱      214,669             ╱             ╱      218,235            ╱
      Net interest spread                             ╱           ╱            2.03            ╱           ╱           2.28
      Net interest margin                             ╱           ╱            2.15            ╱           ╱           2.40

      During the reporting period, the average yield of the interest-earning assets of the Group was 3.76%, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 13 basis points; the average cost ratio of our interest-bearing liabilities was 1.73%,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 12 basis points; the net interest spread was 2.03%, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 25 basis points and the net interest margin was 2.15%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25
      basis points. For the analysis of the reasons behind the decrease in the net interest margin, please refer to 3.9.1 “Net
      interest margin” in this Chapter.
26   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in
           volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volume were measured by changes
           in average balances, while changes in interest rates were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
           changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volumes and interest rates have been
           included in the amounts of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in volume.
                                                                                       2023 compared to 2022
                                                                           Increase (decrease) due to               Net increase
           (in millions of RMB)                                                Volume      Interest rate              (decrease)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                                         20,263             (17,624)            2,639
           Investments                                                             15,434                (406)           15,028
           Balances with the central bank                                             492               1,003             1,495
           Balances and placements with banks and other financial
             institutions                                                          (1,511)             4,579              3,068
           Changes in interest income                                              34,678             (12,448)           22,230
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                                 21,247              1,726             22,973
           Deposits and placements from banks and other financial
             institutions                                                            (929)             4,486               3,557
           Debt securities issued                                                  (2,688)               807              (1,881)
           Borrowings from the central bank                                         1,373               (196)              1,177
           Lease liabilities                                                          (26)                (4)                (30)
           Changes in interest expense                                             18,977              6,819             25,796
           Changes in net interest income                                          15,701             (19,267)            (3,566)

           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and annualised average yield/
           cost ratio of assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                  October to December 2023                     July to September 2023
                                                                        Annualised                                   Annualised
           (in millions of RMB,                 Average      Interest     average        Average         Interest      average
           except for percentages)              balance       income     yield (%)       balance          income      yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers     6,434,844      66,170          4.08     6,317,543          67,478            4.24
           Investments                         2,611,336      21,151          3.21     2,555,495          20,487            3.18
           Balances with the central bank        601,670       2,657          1.75       589,741           2,561            1.72
           Balances and placements with
             banks and other financial
             institutions                       546,862        4,457          3.23          555,602         3,315           2.37
           Total                              10,194,712      94,435          3.68    10,018,381          93,841            3.72

                                                                      Annualised                                  Annualised
                                                                        average                                     average
           (in millions of RMB,                 Average      Interest  cost ratio        Average         Interest  cost ratio
           except for percentages)              balance      expense         (%)         balance         expense         (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers             8,116,797      33,543          1.64     7,954,311          32,811            1.64
           Deposits and placements from
             banks and other financial
             institutions                       931,173        5,268          2.24          926,136         4,634           1.99
           Debt securities issued               204,148        1,776          3.45          252,778         2,137           3.35
           Borrowings from the central bank     249,237        1,350          2.15          157,011           853           2.16
           Lease liabilities                     12,234          115          3.73           12,877           116           3.57
           Total                               9,513,589      42,052          1.75     9,303,113          40,551            1.73
           Net interest income                        ╱       52,383            ╱                ╱        53,290              ╱
           Net interest spread                        ╱           ╱           1.93               ╱            ╱             1.99
           Net interest margin                        ╱           ╱           2.04               ╱            ╱             2.11

           In the fourth quarter of 2023, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.04%, representing a quarter-to-quarter
           decrease of 7 basis points, and its net interest spread was 1.93%, representing a quarter-to-quarter decrease of 6
           basis points.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                   27
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.2.6 Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB124.409 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 1.66%. The components are as follows:
      Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB84.108 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.78%.
      Among the fee and commission income, fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to
      RMB28.466 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.89%; fee and commission income from asset
      management amounted to RMB11.474 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.89%; income from bank
      card fees amounted to RMB19.525 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.76%; income from settlement
      and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.492 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.93%; commission
      income from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB4.997 billion, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of 13.14%; commission income from custody businesses amounted to RMB5.328 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 8.00%; and income from others amounted to RMB7.552 billion, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 37.16%. For analysis of the main reasons for changes in fee and commission income, please refer
      to “Net non-interest income” in 3.9.2 under this chapter.
      Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB40.301 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.04%,
      of which net investment income amounted to RMB19.700 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.37%,
      which was mainly due to the increase of bond investment income; net profit from changes in fair value amounted
      to RMB1.846 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB4.521 billion, mainly due to the increase in fair
      value of bond investment and non-money-market fund investment; the net exchange gain amounted to RMB4.132
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.78%, mainly due to the increase in gains arising from the foreign
      currencies transactions; and other net income amounted to RMB12.147 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
      of 12.82%, mainly due to a year-on-year increase of 23.85% in income generated from operating leasing business
      of CMB Financial Leasing, which amounted to RMB10.880 billion.
      In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB57.561 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.11% and accounting for 46.27 % of the Group’s net non-interest income;
      the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB50.599 billion, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 2.01% and accounting for 40.67% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net non-interest
      income from other businesses amounted to RMB16.249 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.47% and
      accounting for 13.06% of the Group’s net non-interest income.
                                                                                                                                              Changes
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                 2023                    2022                  +/-%
      Fee and commission income(note)                                                            92,834                103,372                  -10.19
        Fees and commissions from wealth management                                              28,466                 30,903                   -7.89
        Fees and commissions from asset management                                               11,474                 12,457                   -7.89
        Bank card fees                                                                           19,525                 21,399                   -8.76
        Settlement and clearing fees                                                             15,492                 15,051                    2.93
        Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                      4,997                  5,753                  -13.14
        Commissions from custody businesses                                                       5,328                  5,791                   -8.00
        Others                                                                                    7,552                 12,018                  -37.16
      Fee and commission expense                                                                 (8,726)                (9,097)                  -4.08
      Net fee and commission income                                                              84,108                 94,275                  -10.78
      Other net non-interest income                                                              40,301                 32,230                   25.04
        Other net income                                                                         37,825                 29,705                   27.34
          Net investment income                                                                  19,700                 18,013                    9.37
          Net profit/(loss) from fair value change                                                1,846                 (2,675)                    N/A
          Net exchange gain                                                                       4,132                  3,600                   14.78
          Other net income                                                                       12,147                 10,767                   12.82
        Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                         2,476                  2,525                   -1.94
      Total net non-interest income                                                            124,409                 126,505                    -1.66

      Note:    Fees and commissions from wealth management include income from agency distribution of funds, income from agency distribution of
               insurance policies, income from agency distribution of trust schemes, income from agency distribution of wealth management products,
               income from securities brokerage and income from agency distribution of precious metals. Fees and commissions from asset management
               mainly include the income from the issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds, wealth management and
               asset management plans of our subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management and CIGNA
               & CMAM. Commissions from custody businesses include income from basic asset custody services and value-added services. Others mainly
               include income from underwriting of bonds and equity, income from service fees from securitisation of credit assets, income from consultancy
               and advisory services and income from other intermediate businesses.
28   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.2.7 Operating expenses
             During the reporting period, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB120.991 billion, representing a year-
             on-year decrease of 0.88%, among which staff costs amounted to RMB70.348 billion, representing a year-on-
             year decrease of 0.44%. Other operating expenses amounted to RMB50.643 billion3, representing a year-on-year
             decrease of 1.48%. The cost-to-income ratio of the Group was 32.97%, representing an increase of 0.08 percentage
             point as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Group has maintained the scale of
             input in Fintech construction and key strategic businesses, reduced traditional costs with technological innovation,
             strengthened the management and control of input-output monitoring, and improved the efficiency of the resource
             usage. Furthermore, the Group adhered to cost management. Through various measures, the Group has further cut
             back on venue operating costs and daily expenses, and refined the allocation of expenses and resources so as to
             continuously promote the optimisation of cost structure.
             The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
             Group.
             (in millions of RMB)                                                                                              2023                        2022
             Staff costs                                                                                                    70,348                       70,657
             Depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                                                                 16,359                       15,720
             Other general and administrative expenses                                                                      31,321                       32,319
             Allowances for insurance claims                                                                                     –                          360
             Taxes and surcharges                                                                                            2,963                        3,005
             Total operating expenses                                                                                      120,991                     122,061



     3.2.8 Expected credit losses
             During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB41.278 billion, representing a year-
             on-year decrease of 27.26%.
             The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
             Group.
             (in millions of RMB)                                                                                              2023                        2022
             Loans and advances to customers                                                                                46,635                       45,157
             Financial investments                                                                                            (218)                       3,879
             Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                        (2,935)                      (3,284)
             Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan
                commitments                                                                                                  (2,761)                      7,112
             Others                                                                                                             557                       3,887
             Total expected credit losses                                                                                   41,278                       56,751

             According to the Recognition and Measurement Standards for Financial Instruments, the Group conducted
             impairment accounting for credit risk exposures on- and off-balance sheet and recognised the allowances for
             credit risk losses by using the expected credit loss model and the risk quantification parameters such as the
             probability of customer defaults and the loss given defaults, after taking into consideration the adjustments in
             macro perceptiveness. During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers
             of the Group were RMB46.635 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1.478 billion; the total expected
             credit losses relating to financial investment, amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and financial
             guarantees and loan commitments amounted to RMB-5.914 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
             RMB13.621 billion, which was due to, on the one hand, the change in the scale of assets, on the other hand,
             the relative stability of the asset quality, and the decrease in the risk of individual customers and asset collection,
             reversing the amount provided in the previous period. The expected credit losses relating to others amounted
             to RMB557 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB3.330 billion, mainly due to the relatively large
             allowances for credit risk losses of assets such as lease receivable, fees receivable and other receivables in the
             corresponding period of the previous year.




     3
         Other operating expenses include depreciation, amortisation, leases, taxes and surcharges, allowances for insurance claims and various other administrative
         expenses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                              29
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
3.3.1 Assets
          As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB11,028.483 billion, up by
          8.77% from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to
          customers and bond investments of the Group.
          The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                                      31 December 2023                             31 December 2022
                                                                                            Percentage of                                        Percentage of
                                                                                                 the total                                            the total
          (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               Amount   amount (%)                           Amount          amount (%)
          Total loans and advances to customers                                    6,508,865                   59.02            6,051,459                   59.69
          Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)                              (266,805)                  (2.42)            (254,913)                  (2.51)
          Net loans and advances to customers                                      6,242,060                   56.60            5,796,546                   57.18
          Investment securities and other financial assets                         3,209,473                   29.10            2,787,066                   27.49
          Cash, precious metals and balances with
            the central bank(2)                                                       684,821                    6.21             605,068                     5.97
          Inter-bank transactions(2)                                                  558,381                    5.06             630,302                     6.22
          Goodwill                                                                      9,954                    0.09               9,999                     0.10
          Other assets(3)                                                             323,794                    2.94             309,931                     3.04
          Total assets                                                            11,028,483                  100.00          10,138,912                  100.00

          Notes:

          (1)   The allowances for impairment losses on loans represent the allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at
                amortised cost.

          (2)   “Inter-bank transactions” include deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts held under resale agreements.
                According to the relevant provisions of the Interim Measures for the Administration of Gold Leasing Business (Yin Ban Fa [2022] No. 88) issued
                by the General Office of the People’s Bank of China in July 2022, since 2023, for the gold leasing business carried out between the Group and
                financial institutions, the lease-out side was adjusted from “precious metals” to “placements with banks and other financial institutions”, and the
                comparative figures are re-presented accordingly.

          (3)   “Other assets” include fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets, interest receivable and other
                assets.



3.3.1.1   Loans and advances to customers
          As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
          RMB6,508.865 billion, representing an increase of 7.56% as compared with the end of the previous year; total loans
          and advances to customers accounted for 59.02% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 0.67 percentage
          point as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers of the
          Group, please refer to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
30   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.3.1.2   Investment securities and other financial assets
               The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
               denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
               The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of investment securities and other financial
               assets of the Group by line items.
                                                                                         31 December 2023                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                         Percentage                                Percentage
                                                                                                        of the total                               of the total
               (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                              Amount         amount (%)                 Amount         amount (%)
               Derivative financial assets                                                 18,733                  0.58             18,671                    0.67
               Financial investments at fair value through profit
                  or loss                                                                526,145                 16.40            423,467                    15.19
                  – Bond investments                                                     274,687                  8.57            215,081                     7.72
                  – Others(note)                                                         251,458                  7.83            208,386                     7.47
               Debt investments at amortised cost                                      1,728,620                 53.86          1,536,397                    55.13
                  – Bond investments                                                   1,680,262                 52.36          1,452,499                    52.12
                  – Non-standardised asset investments                                    87,069                  2.71            126,698                     4.55
                  – Others                                                                   679                  0.02                648                     0.02
                  – Less: allowances for impairment losses                               (39,390)                (1.23)           (43,448)                   (1.56)
               Debt investments at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income                                                   889,736                 27.72            771,271                    27.67
               Equity investments designated at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income                                               19,649                  0.61             13,416                    0.48
               Investments in joint ventures and associates                                26,590                  0.83             23,844                    0.86
               Total investment securities and
                 other financial assets                                                3,209,473                100.00          2,787,066                   100.00

               Note:    Including equity investments, fund investments, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.



               Derivative financial instruments
               As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
               the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                                   31 December 2023                                        31 December 2022
                                                                                  Fair value                                               Fair value
                                                          Notional                                                Notional
               (in millions of RMB)                        amount              Assets       Liabilities           amount               Assets         Liabilities
               Interest rate derivatives                 1,819,231             5,433             (5,476)       1,543,237               6,428             (6,109)
               Currency derivatives                      1,431,262            11,815            (10,667)         874,230              11,376            (11,671)
               Other derivatives                           136,759             1,485             (1,300)          92,258                 867               (856)
               Total                                     3,387,252            18,733            (17,443)       2,509,725              18,671            (18,636)

               The above table shows the notional amount and fair value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments by their
               remaining maturity on each balance sheet date. The notional amount refers only to the transaction volumes that
               have not yet been due or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
               During the reporting period, the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate increased and the interest-rate derivatives
               market showed a wide range-bound feature. As an integrated market maker in the interbank RMB foreign exchange
               market and a quote provider for derivatives in the local currency market, the Group was committed to providing
               liquidity to the market and maintaining the stability of the market. Meanwhile, by continuously leveraging its
               professional strengths in financial market derivative transactions, the Group kept up its effort in publicising the
               “exchange rate risk-neutral” concept, helping customers carry out hedging transactions to improve their risk
               resistance capabilities and reduce financial costs, and facilitating the high-quality development of the real economy.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                   31
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


          Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
          of the Group amounted to RMB526.145 billion, with bond and fund investments etc. being the major categories.
          The investments were primarily made by the Group based on assessments of, among other factors, macro economy,
          monetary and fiscal policies, industrial policies and market supply and demand, so as to obtain investment return by
          capturing trading opportunities in the market. During the reporting period, funding was stable in general and bond
          yields trended downward amid fluctuations. The Group actively expanded its bond investments while strengthening
          market timing, achieving favourable returns. For details, please refer to Note 23(a) to the financial statements.
          Debt investments at amortised cost
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost amounted to
          RMB1,728.620 billion. Among them, the bond investments mainly involved bonds issued by government and policy
          banks. This type of investment was held on a long-term basis for the strategic allocation of assets and liabilities of
          the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of banking book and liquidity management,
          while taking into account returns and risks. For details, please refer to Note 23(b) to the financial statements.
          Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income of the Group amounted to RMB889.736 billion, with interest rate bonds such as government bonds
          and policy bank bonds and medium-to-high rating quality credit bonds being the major categories. This type of
          investment was primarily based on the Group’s research and analysis on the bond market, with the purpose of
          obtaining investment return by capturing investment and allocation opportunities in the market and constantly
          optimising asset allocation structure. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.
          Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB19.649 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
          equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
          significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
          The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
          (in millions of RMB)                                                                       31 December 2023            31 December 2022
          Official authorities                                                                                   1,944,820                  1,600,274
          Policy banks                                                                                             503,459                    494,628
          Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                        252,828                    232,923
          Others                                                                                                   143,578                    111,026
          Total bond investments                                                                                 2,844,685                  2,438,851

          Note:   “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the central bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                  enterprises.



          Investments in joint ventures and associates
          As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates amounted to
          RMB26.590 billion, up 11.52% from the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
          balance of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group was zero.
          For details, please refer to Note 25 and Note 26 to the financial statements.
3.3.1.3   Goodwill
          In compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, at the end of the reporting period, the Group
          conducted an impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China
          Merchants Fund and other companies and determined that allowances for impairment losses were not necessary for
          the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment
          losses on goodwill of RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.
32   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.3.2 Liabilities
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB9,942.754 billion,
           representing an increase of 8.25% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
           to the steady growth in deposits from customers.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.
                                                                                              31 December 2023                             31 December 2022
                                                                                                               Percentage                                    Percentage
                                                                                                              of the total                                   of the total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       Amount          amount (%)                   Amount           amount (%)
           Deposits from customers                                                         8,155,438                    82.02           7,535,742                   82.05
           Inter-bank transactions(1)                                                        888,408                     8.94             957,657                   10.42
           Borrowings from the central bank                                                  377,189                     3.79             129,438                    1.41
           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
              loss and derivative financial liabilities(1)                                     61,401                     0.62              67,780                    0.74
           Debt securities issued                                                             174,764                     1.76             222,288                    2.42
           Others(2)                                                                          285,554                     2.87             271,769                    2.96
           Total liabilities                                                               9,942,754                  100.00            9,184,674                  100.00

           Notes:

           (1)    “Inter-bank transactions” include deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts sold under repurchase
                  agreements. According to the relevant provisions of the Interim Measures for the Administration of Gold Leasing Business (Yin Ban Fa [2022] No.
                  88) issued by the General Office of the People’s Bank of China in July 2022, since 2023, for the gold leasing business carried out between the
                  Group and financial institutions, the lease-in side was adjusted from “financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss” to “placements from
                  banks and other financial institutions”, and the comparative figures are re-presented accordingly.

           (2)    “Others” include salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities,
                  interest payable and other liabilities.


           Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB8,155.438
           billion, representing an increase of 8.22% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 82.02%
           of the total liabilities of the Group, which was the major funding source of the Group.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
           and customer type.
                                                                                              31 December 2023                             31 December 2022
                                                                                                               Percentage                                    Percentage
                                                                                                              of the total                                   of the total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       Amount          amount (%)                   Amount           amount (%)
           Corporate customer deposits
             Demand                                                                        2,644,685                    32.43           2,762,671                   36.66
             Time                                                                          2,015,837                    24.72           1,668,882                   22.15
                 Subtotal                                                                  4,660,522                    57.15           4,431,553                   58.81
           Deposits from retail customers
            Demand                                                                         1,829,612                    22.43           1,983,364                   26.32
            Time                                                                           1,665,304                    20.42           1,120,825                   14.87
                 Subtotal                                                                  3,494,916                    42.85           3,104,189                   41.19
           Total deposits from customers                                                   8,155,438                  100.00            7,535,742                  100.00

           In 2023, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to that of the deposits from customers of
           the Group was 57.08%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.55 percentage points. Among these, the daily
           average balance of demand deposits from corporate customers accounted for 57.31% of that of the corporate
           customer deposits, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.67 percentage points; the daily average balance
           of demand deposits from retail customers accounted for 56.74% of that of the deposits from retail customers,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.69 percentage points. Affected by the decline in the risk appetite of
           customers and insufficient liquidity activities of enterprises, customers’ demand for investment in time deposit
           products increased, leading to a decrease in the proportion of demand deposits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                 33
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was
      RMB1,076.370 billion, representing an increase of 13.84% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
      which retained profits amounted to RMB568.372 billion, representing an increase of 15.30% as compared with the
      end of the previous year; investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB13.656 billion, representing an increase
      of 15.58% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to an increase in the valuation of financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as compared to the end of the previous year; exchange
      difference on translation of financial statements of foreign operations amounted to RMB2.934 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB925 million as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in
      RMB exchange rate.



3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
      The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                  31 December 2023                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                  Percentage                                 Percentage
                                                                                                 of the total                                of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               Amount          amount (%)                 Amount          amount (%)
      Normal                                                                   6,375,958                 97.95           5,919,985                 97.83
      Special mention                                                             71,328                  1.10              73,470                  1.21
      Substandard                                                                 16,576                  0.26              22,770                  0.38
      Doubtful                                                                    21,554                  0.33              23,737                  0.39
      Loss                                                                        23,449                  0.36              11,497                  0.19
      Total loans and advances to customers                                    6,508,865                100.00           6,051,459                100.00
      Non-performing loans                                                        61,579                  0.95              58,004                  0.96

      Note:    Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group include substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.



      During the reporting period, the Group insisted on strict classification of asset risks to truly reflect the asset quality
      according to the new regulations on risk classification of financial assets. Affected by the unwinding of risks
      among some high-debt real estate customers and risks associated with retail banking business, the balance of non-
      performing loans of the Group increased as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of the Group’s non-performing loans amounted to RMB61.579 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB3.575 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio of
      0.95%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
34   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                               31 December 2023                                              31 December 2022
                                                           Percentage                           Non-                     Percentage                        Non-
                                            Loans and           of the        Non-        Performing      Loans and           of the          Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,            advances to     total loans performing          loan ratio    advances to     total loans   performing     loan ratio
           except for percentages)           customers              (%)      loans              (%)(1)    customers              (%)         loans         (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                    2,599,855          39.94         30,992            1.19      2,375,616          39.26        29,961           1.26
             Working capital loans            1,021,305          15.69          8,068            0.79        821,269          13.57         9,562           1.16
             Fixed asset loans                  838,449          12.88         14,915            1.78        864,880          14.29        14,123           1.63
             Trade finance                      334,150           5.13            119            0.04        289,605           4.79           330           0.11
             Others(2)                          405,951           6.24          7,890            1.94        399,862           6.61         5,946           1.49
           Discounted bills(3)                  471,127           7.24              –               –        514,054           8.49             –              –
           Retail loans                       3,437,883          52.82         30,587            0.89      3,161,789          52.25        28,043           0.89
             Micro-finance loans                751,297          11.54          4,592            0.61        631,038          10.43         4,031           0.64
             Residential mortgage loans       1,385,486          21.29          5,122            0.37      1,389,208          22.96         4,904           0.35
             Credit card loans                  935,910          14.38         16,383            1.75        884,519          14.62        15,650           1.77
             Consumer loans                     301,538           4.63          3,285            1.09        202,225           3.34         2,191           1.08
             Others(4)                           63,652           0.98          1,205            1.89         54,799           0.90         1,267           2.31
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                        6,508,865         100.00         61,579            0.95      6,051,459         100.00        58,004           0.96

           Notes:

           (1)   Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)   Primarily consists of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

           (3)   Discounted bills will be transferred to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

           (4)   Primarily consists of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other personal loans secured by
                 monetary assets.



           With regard to corporate loans, the Group focused on the national macroeconomic policies, implemented the value
           creation bank strategy on a comprehensive scale, accelerated the transformation of business models, promoted
           optimisation of the structure of customers, continuously strengthened the origination and investment of high-quality
           assets, thereby maintaining stable asset quality. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s
           corporate loans amounted to RMB2,599.855 billion, representing an increase of 9.44% as compared to the end
           of the previous year, with a proportion of corporate loans of 39.94%. As affected by significant risk exposure of
           some high-debt real estate customers and individual corporate customers with poor operation and management, the
           amount of non-performing corporate loans reached RMB30.992 billion, representing an increase of RMB1.031 billion
           as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio of corporate loans was 1.19%,
           down by 0.07 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With regard to retail loans, the Group actively carried forward the innovation of products and business models,
           accelerated the origination of high-quality assets, and continuously increased credit support for small- and micro-
           sized customers. The Group gave priority to customers with rigid and improving housing demands, and maintained
           an overall stability in residential mortgage loans. Furthermore, the Group adhered to its “stable and low-volatility”
           operational strategy by focusing on value-based customer acquisition, optimising asset structure, and steadily
           developing its credit card business. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s retail loans
           amounted to RMB3,437.883 billion, representing an increase of 8.73% as compared to the end of the previous
           year, with a proportion of retail loans of 52.82%, of which micro-finance loans amounted to RMB751.297 billion,
           representing an increase of 19.06% as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the balance of non-performing retail loans amounted to RMB30.587 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB2.544 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing ratio of retail loans was
           0.89%, which remained at the same level as compared to the end of the previous year, of which the balance of
           non-performing credit card loans amounted to RMB16.383 billion, representing an increase of RMB733 million as
           compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio of credit card loans was 1.75%,
           down by 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                         35
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                          31 December 2023                                              31 December 2022
                                                                                 Non-                                                                      Non-
                                       Loans and Percentage           Non- Performing                 Loans and      Percentage            Non-      Performing
      (in millions of RMB,            advances to of the total performing loan ratio                 advances to     of the total   performing        loan ratio
      except for percentages)           customers    loans (%)       loans       (%)(1)               customers        loans (%)          loans           (%) (1)
      Corporate loans                   2,599,855            39.94         30,992            1.19     2,375,616           39.26          29,961             1.26
        Transportation, storage
           and postal services            513,264             7.89          1,739            0.34       492,248             8.14            948             0.19
        Property development              326,667             5.02         17,183            5.26       375,980             6.21         15,348             4.08
        Manufacturing                     577,026             8.87          3,063            0.53       465,712             7.70          4,781             1.03
        Production and supply of
           electric power, heat,
           gas and water                  272,223             4.18            443            0.16       212,893             3.52               468          0.22
        Leasing and commercial
           services                       192,670             2.96          1,470            0.76       161,750             2.67          1,784             1.10
        Wholesale and retail              197,739             3.04          1,330            0.67       180,709             2.99          1,836             1.02
        Finance                           133,664             2.05            387            0.29       112,114             1.85            440             0.39
        Construction                      111,200             1.71            333            0.30       105,770             1.75            435             0.41
        Information transmission,
           software and IT service        103,717             1.59            760            0.73         89,858            1.48               406          0.45
        Water conservancy,
           environment and
           public utilities                43,232             0.66            101            0.23        64,996            1.07             100             0.15
        Mining                             47,271             0.73            567            1.20        40,495            0.67             521             1.29
        Others(2)                          81,182             1.24          3,616            4.45        73,091            1.21           2,894             3.96
      Discounted bills                    471,127             7.24              –               –       514,054            8.49               –                –
      Retail loans                      3,437,883            52.82         30,587            0.89     3,161,789           52.25          28,043             0.89
      Total loans and advances
        to customers                    6,508,865          100.00          61,579            0.95     6,051,459          100.00          58,004             0.96

      Notes:

      (1)   Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)   Primarily consists of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.



      The Group continued to improve the quality and efficiency of its services for the real economy, focused on the
      development of key finance sectors, including sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance
      and digital finance, etc., improved the capabilities of customer operation, further increased the effort of loan
      extension, and steadily promoted the structural adjustment of asset business. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the balance of the Group’s loans extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB577.026 billion,
      representing an increase of 23.90% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 8.87% of
      the total loans and advances to customers, with the proportion by 1.17 percentage points as compared with the
      end of the previous year. Furthermore, the Group closely tracked changes in internal and external situations, and
      continuously prevented and defused risks in key areas such as real estate and local government financing platforms.
      During the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratios of the Group in terms of property development,
      information transmission, software and IT service as well as transportation, storage and postal services all increased
      due to the risk exposure of high-debt real estate enterprises and individual corporate customers with poor operation
      and management.
36   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                31 December 2023                                             31 December 2022
                                                                                       Non-                                                                   Non-
                                             Loans and Percentage           Non- Performing                Loans and     Percentage              Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,             advances to of the total performing   loan ratio              advances to    of the total     performing     loan ratio
           except for percentages)            customers    loans (%)       loans       (%)(1)              customers       loans (%)            loans         (%)(1)
           Head Office(2)                       973,646           14.96         18,011            1.85       942,006           15.57          17,811           1.89
           Yangtze River Delta                1,441,147           22.14         10,489            0.73     1,338,769           22.12          10,532           0.79
           Bohai Rim                            930,205           14.29          5,745            0.62       828,311           13.69           5,118           0.62
           Pearl River Delta and
             Western Taiwan Straits
             Economic Zone                    1,186,286           18.23          7,941            0.67     1,087,410           17.97           4,673           0.43
           North-eastern China                  168,929            2.60          1,862            1.10       169,566            2.80           2,020           1.19
           Central China                        686,673           10.55          6,514            0.95       641,554           10.60           8,048           1.25
           Western China                        686,701           10.55          5,820            0.85       633,129           10.46           5,468           0.86
           Overseas                              80,336            1.23            851            1.06        78,567            1.30             544           0.69
           Subsidiaries                         354,942            5.45          4,346            1.22       332,147            5.49           3,790           1.14
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                     6,508,865          100.00         61,579            0.95     6,051,459          100.00          58,004           0.96

           Notes:

           (1)   Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)   The Head Office includes Credit Card Centre.



           The Group seized the development opportunities brought by national strategies of coordinated regional
           development, focused on advantageous industries within the region, strengthened the coordination of branches
           in key regions, promoted business synergy within the region, and accelerated the development of branches in key
           regions. Furthermore, the Group closely monitored market changes, conducted continuous research on regional
           credit policies, and implemented differentiated operational management strategies.



     3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                31 December 2023                                             31 December 2022
                                                            Percentage                    Non-                            Percentage                          Non-
                                             Loans and           of the        Non- Performing             Loans and           of the            Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,             advances to     total loans performing   loan ratio           advances to     total loans     performing     loan ratio
           except for percentages)            customers              (%)      loans     (%)(Note)          customers              (%)           loans       (%)(Note)
           Credit loans                       2,592,093           39.82         24,147            0.93     2,219,635           36.68          21,662           0.98
           Guaranteed loans                     822,059           12.63         18,728            2.28       836,550           13.82          16,698           2.00
           Collateralised loans               2,244,129           34.48         14,091            0.63     2,132,337           35.24          14,246           0.67
           Pledged loans                        379,457            5.83          4,613            1.22       348,883            5.77           5,398           1.55
           Discounted bills                     471,127            7.24              –               –       514,054            8.49               –              –
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                     6,508,865          100.00         61,579            0.95     6,051,459          100.00          58,004           0.96

           Note:       Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s collateralised loans and pledged loans increased by 5.74% as
           compared with the end of the previous year; the guaranteed loans decreased by 1.73% as compared with the end
           of the previous year, and the credit loans increased by 16.78% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Among them, the non-performing loan ratios of credit loans as well as collateralised loans and pledged loans all
           decreased as compared with the end of the previous year, while the non-performing loan ratio of guaranteed loans
           increased as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        37
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                                               of net capital
                                                                                                  (under the
                                                                                                   Advanced
                                                                                   Loans as at Measurement         Percentage
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               31 December      Approach)      of total loans
      Top ten borrowers            Industry                                              2023            (%)                (%)
      A                            Finance                                             22,280            1.89              0.34
      B                            Transportation, storage and postal services         18,876            1.60              0.29
      C                            Transportation, storage and postal services         15,363            1.30              0.24
      D                            Transportation, storage and postal services         14,548            1.23              0.22
      E                            Transportation, storage and postal services         13,276            1.12              0.20
      F                            Transportation, storage and postal services         10,645            0.90              0.17
      G                            Transportation, storage and postal services          9,528            0.81              0.15
      H                            Property development                                 9,359            0.79              0.14
      I                            Manufacturing                                        9,205            0.78              0.14
      J                            Transportation, storage and postal services          7,624            0.64              0.12
      Total                                                                           130,704          11.06               2.01

      As at the end of the reporting period, the total loan of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to RMB22.280
      billion, representing 1.89% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach. The loan of
      the Group’s top ten single borrowers totalled RMB130.704 billion, representing 11.06% of the Group’s net capital
      under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 11.42% of the Group’s net capital under the Weighted Approach, and
      2.01% of the Group’s total loans, respectively.



3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                       31 December 2023               31 December 2022
                                                                    Loans and      Percentage       Loans and       Percentage
                                                                   advances to     of the total    advances to      of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                   customers       loans (%)      customers         loans (%)
      Overdue within 3 months                                           36,161            0.56         37,207             0.61
      Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                23,074            0.35         26,669             0.44
      Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                 17,671            0.27          9,810             0.16
      Overdue more than 3 years                                          5,077            0.08          4,599             0.08
      Total overdue loans                                               81,983            1.26         78,285             1.29
      Total loans and advances to customers                          6,508,865          100.00      6,051,459           100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB81.983 billion, up by RMB3.698
      billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.26% of its total loans, representing a decrease of
      0.03 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Of the overdue loans, collateralised loans
      and pledged loans accounted for 28.81%; guaranteed loans accounted for 23.18%; and credit loans accounted for
      48.01% (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent asset classification
      criteria for overdue loans, and the ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 90 days was
      1.34, and the Company’s ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 60 days was 1.19.
38   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                                     31 December 2023                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                     Percentage                                Percentage
                                                                                                        of total                                  of total
                                                                                                      loans and                                 loans and
             (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                     Loan balance         advances (%)         Loan balance         advances (%)
             Restructured loans(note)                                                  13,007                  0.20             12,076                  0.20
               Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
                 90 days                                                                6,673                  0.10              5,207                  0.09

             Note:    Represents the restructured non-performing loans.



             The Group imposed strict and prudent management and control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the
             reporting period, the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.20%, remained at the same
             level as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
             As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
             the Group amounted to RMB556 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB139 million, the
             net carrying value amounted to RMB417 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
             RMB5.404 billion.



     3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
             The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group.
             (in millions of RMB)                                                                                           2023                       2022
             Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                 261,476                    246,104
             Charge for the period                                                                                       46,635                     45,157
             Recovery of loans previously written off                                                                     8,819                      8,972
             Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                         (47,922)                   (39,087)
             Foreign exchange rate and other movements                                                                      526                        330
             Balance as at the end of the period                                                                        269,534                    261,476

             The Group continued to adopt a consistent and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
             reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB269.534
             billion4, representing an increase of RMB8.058 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
             coverage ratio was 437.70%, representing a decrease of 13.09 percentage points as compared with the end of
             the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.14%, representing a decrease of 0.18 percentage point as
             compared with the end of the previous year.




     4
         The allowances for impairment losses on loans include the allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances measured at amortised cost and on loans
         and advances measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          39
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy
3.5.1 Capital adequacy ratio
      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.73%, 16.01% and
      17.88% respectively, representing an increase of 0.05, 0.26 and 0.11 percentage point respectively, as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      The Group
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                             at the end of
                                                                                                                                          the current year
                                                                                                                                        as compared with
                                                                                   31 December                   31 December                the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                        2023                          2022            previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach(1)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                             907,308                      799,352                          13.51
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                                1,057,754                      919,798                          15.00
      Net capital                                                                       1,181,487                    1,037,942                          13.83
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
        consideration the floor requirements during the
        parallel run period)                                                            5,919,504                    5,491,072                            7.80
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                           5,226,757                    4,823,836                            8.35
                   Market risk weighted assets                                             86,751                       89,200                           -2.75
                   Operational risk weighted assets                                       605,996                      578,036                            4.84
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration
        the floor requirements during the parallel run
        period)                                                                         6,608,021                    5,841,685                     13.12
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                  13.73%                       13.68%           Increased by 0.05
                                                                                                                                         percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                        16.01%                       15.75%          Increased by 0.26
                                                                                                                                         percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                               17.88%                       17.77%          Increased by 0.11
                                                                                                                                         percentage point
      Information on leverage ratio(2)
      Balance of adjusted on- and off-balance sheet
        assets                                                                        12,806,260                   11,569,842                      10.69
      Leverage ratio                                                                      8.26%                        7.95%            Increased by 0.31
                                                                                                                                         percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)   The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
            (Provisional)” issued on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement Approach, the scope
            of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries. The scope of entities for
            calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and sub-branches of China Merchants
            Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy ratio included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB
            International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Europe S.A.. During
            the parallel run period when the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital measurement is implemented, a commercial bank shall use both the
            Advanced Measurement Approach and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with the capital floor requirements. The
            capital floor adjustment coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively in the first year, the second year, and the third year (i.e. 2017) and
            subsequent years during the parallel run period.

      (2)   The leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revised)” promulgated
            on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 7.93%, 7.70% and 7.96% respectively as at the end of the third quarter, the end of the
            half year and the end of the first quarter of 2023.
40   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.32%, 15.70% and
           17.62% respectively, representing an increase of 0.09, 0.28 and 0.11 percentage point respectively, as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                                                           Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                                at the end of
                                                                                                                                             the current year
                                                                                                                                           as compared with
                                                                                      31 December                   31 December                the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      2023                          2022            previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                           801,565                       701,033                         14.34
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                944,349                       817,387                         15.53
           Net capital                                                                     1,059,697                       927,881                         14.21
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements during the
             parallel run period)                                                          5,295,085                    4,925,532                            7.50
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                         4,673,703                    4,330,955                            7.91
                        Market risk weighted assets                                           67,143                       69,000                           -2.69
                        Operational risk weighted assets                                     554,239                      525,577                            5.45
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration
             the floor requirements during the parallel run
             period)                                                                       6,015,774                    5,299,237                     13.52
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                13.32%                       13.23%           Increased by 0.09
                                                                                                                                            percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                      15.70%                       15.42%          Increased by 0.28
                                                                                                                                            percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                             17.62%                       17.51%          Increased by 0.11
                                                                                                                                            percentage point



           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
           and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 11.86%, 13.82% and 14.96%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.34, 0.57 and 0.28 percentage point respectively as compared with the
           end of the previous year.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                           Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                                at the end of
                                                                                                                                             the current year
                                                                                                                                           as compared with
                                                                                      31 December                   31 December                the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      2023                          2022            previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
             Approach(note)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                           907,308                      799,352                     13.51
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                              1,057,754                      919,798                     15.00
           Net capital                                                                     1,144,901                    1,018,678                     12.39
           Risk-weighted assets                                                            7,652,723                    6,941,350                     10.25
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                11.86%                       11.52%           Increased by 0.34
                                                                                                                                            percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                      13.82%                       13.25%          Increased by 0.57
                                                                                                                                            percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                             14.96%                       14.68%          Increased by 0.28
                                                                                                                                            percentage point

           Note:   The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Measurement Approach for market risk and the
                   Basic Indicator Approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)”
                   issued on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                          41
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 11.38%, 13.40% and 14.52%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.41, 0.61 and 0.30 percentage point respectively as compared with the
      end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                                Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                     at the end of
                                                                                                                  the current year
                                                                                                                as compared with
                                                                           31 December         31 December          the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                2023                2022      previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
        Approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                    801,565           701,033                 14.34
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                         944,349           817,387                 15.53
      Net capital                                                              1,023,111           908,572                 12.61
      Risk-weighted assets                                                     7,046,274         6,390,196                 10.27
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                         11.38%            10.97%       Increased by 0.41
                                                                                                                 percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                              13.40%            12.79%       Increased by 0.61
                                                                                                                 percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                     14.52%            14.22%       Increased by 0.30
                                                                                                                 percentage point



3.5.2 Balance of credit risk exposures
      During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the Internal Ratings-Based approach (IRB
      approach) was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail,
      shareholding and others. As at the end of the reporting period, the balances of various risk exposures were as
      follows.
                                                                                                     31 December 2023
      (in millions of RMB)                           Type of risk exposure                       Legal person              Group
      Portion covered by the                         Financial institution                          1,159,243          1,159,243
        IRB approach                                 Corporate                                      2,553,072          2,553,072
                                                     Retail                                         4,014,718          4,014,718
                                                        Of which: Residential mortgage              1,379,581          1,379,581
                                                                  Qualified revolving retail        1,921,846          1,921,846
                                                                  Other retail                        713,291            713,291
      Portion not covered by the IRB                 On-balance sheet                               4,608,970          5,178,480
        approach                                     Off-balance sheet                                232,634            253,314
                                                     Counterparty                                      38,019             38,998
42   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.5.3 Measurement of market risk capital
           The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital requirement. Specifically, it uses the Internal
           Model-based Approach to calculate the general market risk capital requirement of the Company (excluding
           overseas branches), and uses the Standardised Measurement Approach to calculate the general market risk
           capital requirement of overseas branches and subsidiaries of the Company as well as the specific market risk
           capital requirement of the Company and its subsidiaries. As at the end of the reporting period, the market risk-
           weighted assets of the Group were RMB86.751 billion, and the market risk capital requirement was RMB6.940
           billion, of which the general market risk capital requirement calculated under the Internal Model-based Approach
           was RMB4.528 billion, and the market risk capital requirement calculated under the Standardised Measurement
           Approach was RMB2.412 billion.
           The Group’s market risk capital requirement under the Internal Model-based Approach was calculated using the
           market risk value based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding
           period of 10 days. The following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the
           reporting period.
                                                                                                  31 December 2023
                                                                                                Distressed           General
                                                                                              market risk        market risk
                                                                                             value during       value during
           No.                                                                              the reporting      the reporting
           (in millions of RMB)   Item                                                              period            period
           1                      Average value                                                        857               541
           2                      Maximum value                                                      1,060               911
           3                      Minimum value                                                        703               302
           4                      Value at the end of the period                                       809               334




     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
           The major business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
           summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.
           Items                                                         2023                             2022
                                                                 Profit                              Profit
                                                             before tax               Net        before tax               Net
                                                            by business         operating       by business         operating
           (in millions of RMB)                               segments            income          segments            income
           Retail finance                                           99,913       194,315            94,178           191,415
           Wholesale finance                                        72,765       134,625            67,149           142,094
           Other businesses                                          3,940        10,138             3,786            11,231
           Total                                                   176,618       339,078           165,113           344,740

           During the reporting period, profit before tax of retail finance business of the Group amounted to RMB99.913
           billion, up by 6.09% year-on-year, accounting for 56.57% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 0.47 percentage point; net operating income amounted to RMB194.315 billion, up by
           1.52% year-on-year, accounting for 57.31% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 1.79 percentage points. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance business
           of the Group was 31.96%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.01 percentage point.
           For the detailed figures of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial
           statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       43
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
      financial position and operating results and the related information
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent liabilities.
      Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, leasing commitments, capital commitments,
      securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments, outstanding litigations and disputes and
      other contingent liabilities, among which the credit commitments are the primary component. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was RMB2,817.969 billion. For details of the
      contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58(a) to the financial statements.



3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.



3.8 Implementation of Development Strategies
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on the strategic objective of “value creation bank”, and adhered
      to the priority of stability, while pursuing progress amid stability. The Company accelerated to improve its capabilities
      in wealth management, Fintech and risk management, maintaining stable operating results and further enhancing
      market competitiveness, so as to take solid steps on the path of high-quality development.



1.    Dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and Scale”
      Focusing on the value creation chain of “volume growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, the
      Company adhered to the principle of “takes quality as the foundation and profitability as priority, while maintaining
      moderate scale and reasonable structure”, maintained stable asset quality, leading position in risk compensation
      capacity, steady profit growth, and a relatively high level of ROAA and ROAE during the reporting period; the
      business scale grew steadily, and the customer base, assets and liabilities increased in quantity and maintained in
      good quality. In light of the operational structure with obvious advantages, retail finance business contributed to
      more than 55% in terms of both net operating income and profit; indicators such as proportion of demand deposits,
      proportion of net non-interest income and others maintained a relatively good level; and customer structure and
      asset structure were continuously optimised.



2.    Balanced and coordinated development of our four major sectors
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote the development of four major sectors, namely
      “retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and financial markets, wealth management and asset
      management”, to form a business pattern of balanced and coordinated development with distinctive features,
      strengthened and enhanced the capital-heavy business, and optimised and expanded the capital-light business.
      The systematic advantages of the Company’s retail finance sector were further highlighted. Focusing on
      the original needs of customers in “deposit, loan, and remittance (存貸匯)”, the Company constantly improved the
      service level through the methodology of “people + digitalisation” services. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the Company’s retail customers reached 197 million in total, representing an increase of 7.07% as compared with
      the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management
      (AUM) from retail customers amounted to RMB13.32 trillion, representing an increase of 9.88% as compared with
      the end of the previous year. The balance of deposits from retail customers amounted to RMB3,314.318 billion,
      representing an increase of 12.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of retail loans
      amounted to RMB3,373.633 billion, representing an increase of 8.49% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. Due to continued improvement of the debit and credit card integrated customer acquisition and operating
      efficiency, 65.72% of our credit card customers held both our debit cards and credit cards as of the end of the
      reporting period, up by 1.62 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
44   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


             The featured advantages of the Company’s corporate finance sector were continuously strengthened.
             Focusing on the needs of the nation and the capabilities of CMB, the Company built featured finance services,
             including sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance and intelligent manufacturing finance, upgraded the
             customer acquisition and service model, and continued to expand the breadth and depth of customer services.
             As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers served by the Company reached
             2,820,600, representing an increase of 11.66% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance
             of deposits from corporate customers amounted to RMB4,557.243 billion, representing an increase of 5.52%
             as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans to corporate customers amounted
             to RMB2,321.585 billion, representing an increase of 10.70% as compared with the end of the previous year.
             Among them, the growth rate of loans in key areas such as sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance and
             manufacturing finance was significantly higher than the overall growth rate of the loans of the Company. As at the
             end of the reporting period, the balance of loans extended to the sci-tech enterprises5 was RMB428.477 billion,
             representing an increase of 44.95% as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of green loans
             amounted to RMB447.765 billion, representing an increase of 26.00% as compared with the end of the previous
             year; the balance of SME inclusive finance loans was RMB804.279 billion, representing an increase of 18.56% as
             compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans extended to the manufacturing industry
             amounted to RMB555.102 billion, representing an increase of 25.06% as compared with the end of the previous
             year.
             The leading advantages of the Company’s investment banking and financial markets sector were
             continuously consolidated. The Company accelerated the transformation of its investment banking business to
             become a “fund originator”, and continuously improved its business capabilities in terms of bond underwriting
             and M&A financing. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the aggregate financing products to
             corporate customers (FPA) contributed by the investment banking business increased by 14.91% as compared with
             the beginning of the year. The self-operated investment and research systems of the financial markets business were
             continuously improved, and the advantages of tradings on behalf of customers were further consolidated. During
             the reporting period, the Company provided hedging services to 6,285 companies with a total transaction volume
             of USD64.783 billion in derivatives from corporate customers. With the on-going improvement of the integrated
             operation capability of bill business, the Company continued to enhance its bill transaction business. During the
             reporting period, the number of customers of bill business of the Company was 159,700 with a year-on-year
             increase of 11.38% and the volume of commercial acceptance bill discounting ranked first in the market (data from
             the Commercial Bank Bill Business Association).
             The Company’s capabilities of wealth management and asset management were constantly enhanced. The
             Company continued to promote the development of extensive wealth management business. On the client side, as
             of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers holding our wealth management products reached
             51,379,500, representing an increase of 19.13% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the number
             of private banking customers exceeded 140,000. On the product side, the Company carefully selected diversified
             products in the whole market for customers, and enhanced the exploration of high-quality products. On the service
             side, the Company further promoted the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System”. The number of customers6
             who conducted asset allocation under the system reached 9,114,500, representing an increase of 12.15% as
             compared with the end of the previous year. The Company continued to build the service ecosystem with partners
             and accompanied customers throughout their investment journey. As at the end of the reporting period, 152
             asset management institutions have been introduced to the “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)”, an open platform of wealth
             management business of the Company. The Group’s asset management subsidiaries continued to strengthen the
             six major capabilities of investment research, asset origination, risk management, technology support, business
             innovation and talent team. As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of assets management business
             amounted to RMB4.48 trillion. The Company accelerated the exploration of the service model of asset custody
             business of “service + technology + collaboration”. As at the end of the reporting period, the total asset under
             custody of the Company reached RMB21.12 trillion, ranking first in the industry (data from the Custody Business
             Professional Committee under China Banking Association).




     5
         Represents loans granted to sci-tech enterprises such as “specialised, competitive, distinguished, and innovative (專精特新)”enterprises, high-tech enterprises
         and technology-based SMEs by the Company.
     6
         Refers to the Golden card and Golden Sunflower card holders who have two or more types of wealth management products out of the four types of wealth
         management products, namely, trade-ready management, protection-based management, conservative investment and aggressive investment.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                     45
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.       Promoting the construction of digital finance and pressing ahead towards
         “Smart CMB (智慧招行)”
         The Company promoted the construction of digital finance around the transformation direction of “online, data-
         based, intelligent, platform-based and ecological operation”, thereby shifting from “Online CMB” towards “Smart
         CMB”. During the reporting period, the Company’s information technology input amounted to RMB14.126 billion.
         The ratio of information technology input to the Company’s net operating income reached 4.60%. The Company
         attached great importance to the construction of digital talent pool. As of the end of reporting period, the number
         of R&D personnel of the Group reached 10,650, accounting for 9.14% of the total number of employees of the
         Group. Focusing on the five major development directions of digital operation and management, cutting-edge
         technology capabilities, bank-to-business ecosystem, bank-to-consumer ecosystem, innovation and incubation, the
         Company continuously promoted the construction of new capabilities and the exploration of new models of Fintech
         Innovation Project Fund. During the reporting period, 558 new projects were launched, and 612 new projects
         were put into operation. As of the end of reporting period, the number of the Bank’s Fintech innovation projects
         launched and put into operation reached an aggregate of 3,800 and 3,062, respectively.
         In terms of retail customer service, the Company accelerated the transformation and upgrading from
         “online retail (線上零售)” to “digital and intelligent retail (數智零售)”, constructed the intelligent wealth
         engine and intelligent customer service engine, and consolidated our digital capabilities. CMB APP further
         integrated artificial intelligence, intelligent customer service and remote consultancy capabilities to launch the
         brand new intelligent wealth assistant “Xiao Zhao (小招)”, which provided one-stop wealth management services
         such as financial analysis, product selection strategies, market views and yield analysis, as well as personalised and
         customised advisory services. As of the end of reporting period, the monthly active users (MAU) of the CMB APP
         and the CMB Life APP reached 117 million. During the reporting period, the micro-finance loans granted through
         online approval accounted for 66.74% of the micro-finance loans granted through all channels, representing a year-
         on-year increase of 7.13 percentage points. With the upgrading of “Wealth Alpha+” platform in respect of wealth
         management business, the Company realised digital and intelligent operation of the whole process in investment
         research, product selection and post-investment management, and deepened the empowerment to improve the
         professionalism of key positions.
         In terms of wholesale customer service, digital channel has become an important portal of customer
         acquisition. Based on online operation, the Company used digital tools to improve the quality and
         efficiency of services of relationship managers, and facilitated the digital transformation as well
         as integrated transformation of business and finance of enterprises with products such as Treasury
         Management Cloud (財資管理雲). During the reporting period, the Company achieved list-based high-quality
         customer acquisition of 112,600 customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.85%; the volume of service
         delivered via Enterprise WeChat exceeded 17 million times. As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of
         financing business conducted online was 92.28%, representing an increase of 10.14 percentage points as compared
         with the end of the previous year, and the percentage of foreign exchange business conducted online was 75.34%,
         representing an increase of 9.85 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of
         the reporting period, Treasury Management Cloud (財資管理雲) accumulatively served 477,600 corporate customers,
         representing an increase of 62.15% as compared with the end of the previous year.
         In terms of risk management, the Company constructed the intelligent risk control engine, and
         comprehensively utilised internal and external data to continuously enhance its digital risk control
         capability and efficiency. During the reporting period, the intelligent pre-warning coverage rate of on- and off-
         balance sheet “all businesses”7 reached 100%. “Libra (天秤)” guarded transaction security, effectively helping
         customers block telecommunications fraud, and the percentage of fraud and account takeover amounts by non-
         cardholders was lowered to 0.1 in ten millionths. The corporate loans newly granted through the online risk control
         platform amounted to RMB303.560 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 53.58%. By applying digital
         processes, the Company reduced the average time taken for the granting of an inclusive finance mortgage loan
         from one month to 2.7 days.




7
     Covering on- and off-balance sheet businesses such as proprietary credit extension business, asset management business, agency distribution business and
     other cooperative businesses.
46   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


             In terms of operation management, the Company used data to drive operation decisions, so as to improve
             the efficiency and accuracy of management decisions. During the reporting period, the Company built a
             strategic operation decision-making analysis platform for retail business lines, and developed a mobile business
             intelligence, a unified data reviewing portal for the Head Office and branches, and a business scenario-based data
             ecosystem to improve the efficiency of operation analysis for all positions, all businesses and all scenarios. The
             Company promoted the construction of a digital platform of customer relationship management (CRM) system
             for wholesale business lines, which linked the whole chain of operation and management of the Head Office,
             branches and sub-branches, significantly improving the digital operation and management level of corporate
             business. The Company built a risk portal for risk business lines, integrated various risk data inside and outside the
             Bank, and built a rich database, model library, knowledge base and application functions to provide effective data
             and decision-making support for credit officers. The Company realised comprehensive operation monitoring and
             intelligent reasoning analysis for the Head Office, branches and sub-branches via “Zi Zhai Tong (資債通)” portal of
             the finance and accounting business line, the closed-loop management of all online pricing process via the product
             pricing management system, and integrated the New Capital Rules into the internal management system via the
             capital management system, which significantly improved the efficiency of resource allocation and stimulated the
             enthusiasm of frontline operations through digital tools. The Company built a digital platform for smart finance,
             realising online and intelligent management of all financial processes, and building a leading financial management
             system in the domestic banking industry.
             In terms of internal operation, the Company relieved its staff from repetitive, time-consuming work
             by leveraging technology and consolidated experience with data to construct the intelligent operation
             engine and achieve a high-quality balance of experience, efficiency, risk and cost. During the reporting
             period, “Kaiyang Portal (開陽門戶)”, a new generation of open operation service platform, completed the intelligent
             transformation and application of over 400 operation processes, and the processing efficiency of key businesses
             increased by 27%. By leveraging the intelligent application in scenarios such as the intelligent customer service,
             intelligent process, quality inspection and the Conch RPA (Robot Process Automation), our staff were relieved from
             repetitive, time-consuming work equivalent to a workload of over 17,000 full-time individuals.
             In terms of digital infrastructure, the Company has entered into a more stable, agile and resilient “post-
             cloud era”. The technology middle office strengthened component governance and accelerated the establishment
             and promotion of low-threshold development platform. The data middle office pushed forward the import of
             external data and enterprise-level data governance and application. As of the end of the reporting period, the overall
             availability8 of the cloud services exceeded 99.999%, while the “Project of Full-scale Cloud Deployment of CMB
             Banking System” winning the first prize of Fintech Development Award of the People’s Bank of China. The system
             supported on-demand application expansion with minute-level flexibility, which could adjust the flexible allocation of
             resources according to business needs and strategies to achieve the optimal use of resources. The technology middle
             office had launched over 5,100 components, among which 1,254 components passed the quality certification of the
             Bank, representing an increase of 146.85% as compared with the end of the previous year. The Company launched
             5,646 applications on the low-code development platform, of which the business personnel accounted for more
             than 53% of all developers. The data middle office introduced nearly 400 data sources, and the big data services
             covered 60% of the employees in the Bank.
             The Company grasped the definite opportunities of the large language model, and actively carried out the
             construction and application of the large language model. On the one hand, the Company actively strengthened
             the construction of large models, introduced large models with hundreds of billions of parameters, used its own
             corpus to optimise, train and adapt to bank-wise application scenarios, and actively followed up the technological
             development of open-source large models. The Company also self-developed the large models with tens of billions
             of parameters in professional scenarios. On the other hand, we actively explored the application of large models in
             retail business, wholesale business, middle office and back office. At the same time, the Company established the
             large model experience platform, connecting to various mainstream large models in China.




     8
         Availability refers to the proportion of normal working conditions in a given period of time. The overall availability of the cloud platform is the arithmetic
         average of the availability of each important system running on the cloud platform.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                         47
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


4.    To continue building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management
      system
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote the “Six All” risk management system covering “all
      risks, all branches and subsidiaries, all customers, all assets, all processes, and all factors”, optimised the centralised
      system of credit granting and limit management of customers granted with large credit facility, further enhanced
      centralised customer management, established a domestic branch-based risk profile and classification system, and
      enhanced the risk management for subsidiaries and overseas institutions. The Company actively prevented and
      mitigated risks in key areas, effectively and steadily disposed a number of real estate projects associated with risk,
      promoted the prudent and differentiated management of local government financing business, steadily carried out
      the business of small- and medium-sized financial institutions, and continued to promote the collection of non-
      performing loans. The Company promoted the dynamic rebalancing of asset business, optimised the “one branch,
      one policy”, list-based operation for the asset business, and optimised research policies on industrial clusters,
      advantageous industries and regional economies. The Company comprehensively reinforced the internal control and
      compliance management, strengthened the promotion of risk and compliance culture, strengthened the construction
      of inspection and supervision team at branches, continued to strengthen the sanction and compliance management,
      and continuously deepened the money laundering risk management.



5.    To accelerate the construction of advantages in key regions
      During the reporting period, the Company proactively responded to the nation’s major regional development
      strategy and industrial cluster development strategy, and accelerated the release of development potential of the
      key branches among the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region and the Western
      Taiwan Straits Economic Zone in combination with the regional layout and business structure of the Company’s
      branches so as to adapt to local economic development. The Company carried out the “deep and intensive
      cultivation” centring on regional advantageous and characteristic industries as well as customer needs, strengthened
      its core competitiveness and enhanced the operating efficiency of branches in key regions by “promoting featured
      services of CMB in key regions, developing region-based strategies within CMB” to develop new growth engines
      for high-quality development. The development strategy of key regions has achieved initial results. As at the end of
      the reporting period, the growth rates of core deposits, AUM and corporate loans of 17 branches of the Company
      in key regions were higher than the average level of the Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
      of corporate loans of the above 17 branches in the key regions amounted to RMB867.679 billion, representing an
      increase of RMB124.941 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 37.37% of the total
      corporate loans of the Company. The increased loans accounted for 55.66% of the total incremental corporate
      loans of the Company.



6.    To comprehensively improve the level of refined management
      During the reporting period, the Company insisted on building a refined and standardised management system to
      improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and efficacy of value creation. By further reforming in organisational structure,
      the Company steadily promoted the reform of operational system of branches, and adjusted and optimised the
      structure and management model of Head Office departments, so the organisational structure became more aligned
      with value creation bank. The Company also strengthened talent management, promoted the development of
      talents across different organisational level, upgraded talent exchange program, enhanced the application of the
      “Six Can-do” mechanism (六能機制), and comprehensively strengthened the code of conduct of employees. The
      Company optimised the management of asset and liability, upgraded the asset and liability management system
      and the performance management system focusing on value creation, and actively promoted the preparation for
      implementation of the New Capital Rules. The Company upgraded its service management, explored the construction
      of an “extensive consumer protection” working pattern, strengthened the protection of consumer rights, focused on
      the traceability and rectification of key and difficult issues, created new service standards for China Merchants Bank,
      and constantly improved service quality and efficiency. Therefore, the number of customer complaints was reduced
      by 35% year-on-year. The Company implemented strict financial management, adhered to careful planning, and
      strengthened the closed-loop management of the whole process of costs and expenses.
48   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
     3.9.1 Net interest margin
             During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin was 2.15%, representing a decrease of 25 basis points
             year-on-year; the Company’s net interest margin was 2.20%, representing a decrease of 24 basis points year-on-
             year. Such decrease in net interest margin was mainly due to the reasons below. On the asset side, firstly, due to
             the continued downturn of the LPR (Loan Prime Rate) and the insufficient effective credit demand, the pricing of
             newly granted loans declined year-on-year, which led to the year-on-year decrease in the average yield of loans;
             secondly, residents’ consumption and their willingness to purchase houses are pending for further recovery and the
             growth of loans which had relatively high yields, such as credit card loans and residential mortgage loans, remained
             sluggish. On the liability side, corporate funds were insufficiently allocated to demand deposit products, and the
             growth of low-cost corporate demand deposits such as corporate settlement funds deposits was restricted. Coupled
             with shift of residents’ investment to time deposits due to the disturbance in the capital market, customers’ demand
             for wealth-enhancing features in deposits was on the rise, and the proportion of demand deposits declined, with
             an increase in cost ratio of liabilities. In order to maintain a relatively stable net interest margin, the Group further
             strengthened the management of its asset and liability portfolio during the reporting period. On the asset side, the
             Group persistently focused on loan granting while increasing asset allocation in bonds to improve the efficiency of
             capital utilisation. On the liability side, the Group focused on driving growth in low-cost core deposits. The average
             cost rate of customer deposits denominated in RMB of the Company during the reporting period was 1.56%,
             representing a year-on-year decrease of 4 basis points.
             Looking forward to 2024, The Group will actively take measures to maintain the net interest margin at a relatively
             outstanding level in the industry. On the asset side, the Group will continue to prioritise category asset allocation to
             promote the stable growth of credit scale and enhance the effort of retail loan extension, while reinforcing the loan
             risk pricing management. At the same time, the Group will strengthen its capability in forward-looking prediction of
             market interest rates, and flexibly allocate investment assets to improve overall allocation efficiency. On the liability
             side, the Group will insist on focusing on the growth of low-cost core deposits, strengthen the limit control of high-
             cost deposits. Meanwhile, the Group will flexibly arrange market-oriented financing and reduce the overall cost of
             liabilities according to the trend of market interest rates.



     3.9.2 Net non-interest income
             During the reporting period, faced with challenges such as insufficient effective demand and the continued
             downturn in the capital market, the Group implemented high-quality development requirements, focused on
             customer needs, made efforts to support the real economy, and continuously improved the quality and efficiency
             of intermediary business services. In light of the impact of short-term adverse factors, the Group actively built
             differentiated competitiveness in an effort to explore growth points in segmented areas. During the reporting period,
             the Group realised net non-interest income of RMB124.409 billion, representing a decrease of 1.66% year-on-year,
             accounting for 36.69% of net operating income, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point year-on-year.
             Among the Group’s net non-interest income, net fee and commission income was RMB84.108 billion, representing
             a decrease of 10.78% year-on-year, accounting for 67.61% of the net non-interest income; other net non-interest
             income was RMB40.301 billion, representing an increase of 25.04% year-on-year. During the reporting period, the
             Group’s revenue contributed by extensive wealth management was RMB45.268 billion9, representing a decrease of
             7.90% as compared with the previous year.




     9
         The income from extensive wealth management includes the fee and commission income from wealth management, asset management and custody
         business.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                         49
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      The major items under the Group’s net fee and commission income during the reporting period are analysed as
      follows. Fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB28.466 billion, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 7.89%, of which income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to
      RMB13.585 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.33%. The growth rate narrowed compared with that
      in the first three quarters due to fee reduction in the bancassurance channel. Income from agency distribution of
      wealth management products was RMB5.424 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.37%, mainly due
      to the changes in scale and structure of wealth management products. Income from agency distribution of funds
      amounted to RMB5.179 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 21.52%, which was mainly due to the
      downward trend amid volatility of the capital market, resulting in year-on-year decrease in the holding and sales
      of equity funds with higher fees. Income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB3.206 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 19.43%, which was mainly due to the decrease in the holding of agency
      distribution of trust. Income from securities brokerage was RMB731 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
      19.05%, which was mainly affected by the market conditions and trading activity of Hong Kong’s capital market.
      Fee and commission income from asset management amounted to RMB11.474 billion, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 7.89%, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the daily average scale of products
      under the management of CMB Wealth Management. Commission income from custody business was RMB5.328
      billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.00%, which was mainly due to the decrease in income from
      equity mutual funds and wealth management custody. Income from bank card fees amounted to RMB19.525
      billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.76%, which was mainly due to the decrease in fee income from
      offline transaction of credit cards. Income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.492 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 2.93%, mainly due to the increase in e-payment income.
      Looking forward to 2024, the Group will promote the high-quality growth of net non-interest income through the
      following measures: the first is to continuously promote the development of extensive wealth management business,
      attaching great importance to both expanding the customer base and tapping the potential of the existing wealth
      management customer groups. By putting in more efforts in strengthening product innovation and tapping the
      asset allocation potential of key customers, the Group will pay close attention to the opportunities amid the market
      recovery, optimise the structure of insurance, funds, wealth management and other products, and enhance the
      contribution of fee and commission income from wealth management by emphasising on both volume and pricing;
      the second is to seize the opportunity of consumption recovery, continue to upgrade and improve basic transaction
      services such as credit cards and e-payments, vigorously carry out promotion of card binding and card activation
      operations, improve refined operational capabilities by leveraging on the power of Fintech and tap the potential
      of transaction to increase revenue; the third is to strengthen market research and judgement and professional
      capacity building, closely keep up with the needs of enterprises, make arrangements in advance, and improve the
      comprehensive service system, so as to increase the contribution of corporate finance, investment banking and
      financial market segments to net non-interest income.



3.9.3 Risk management and control in the real estate sector
      During the reporting period, the Group followed the national policy guidance and regulatory requirements, and adhered
      to the overall strategy with “clear positioning, stable scale, improved onboarding, focused regions, adjusted structure and
      strict management”. Under the premise of controllable risks, the Group seized structural opportunities, focused on high-
      quality enterprises and high-quality regions, and selected high-quality businesses and projects that can be covered by
      project cash flow, especially high-quality commodity residential projects, government-subsidised (rental) housing projects
      and operating property projects, so as to support the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. At the
      same time, the Group unified the risk appetite of on- and off-balance sheet businesses, implemented centralised risk
      management of customers granted with large credit facility, strictly examined cash flows, and continuously strengthened
      post-investment and post-loan management.
50   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total balance of real estate related businesses which were subject
              to credit risks, such as the actual and contingent credit, proprietary bond investments, and proprietary investment
              of non-standardised assets, amounted to RMB398.967 billion, representing a decrease of 13.89% as compared with
              the end of the previous year. The total balance of the businesses for which the Group did not assume credit risks,
              such as wealth management fund financing, entrusted loans, agency distribution of trust schemes under the active
              management by cooperative institutions, and debt financing instruments with the Group as the lead underwriter
              amounted to RMB249.448 billion, representing a decrease of 16.95% as compared with the end of the previous
              year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of loans granted to the real estate industry
              was RMB290.742 billion, representing a decrease of RMB42.973 billion as compared with the end of the previous
              year, accounting for 4.71% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, representing a decrease of
              1.12 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
              customer and regional structure of the Company in respect of real estate related loans have remained sound, among
              which the balance of loans granted to customers featuring high credit-rating accounted for over 70%; in terms of
              regions where the projects were located, over 85% of the Company’s balance of loans for real estate development
              was located in the urban areas of first-tier and second-tier cities. As at the end of the reporting period, the
              Company’s non-performing loan ratio of real estate loans was 5.01%, representing an increase of 1.02 percentage
              points as compared with the end of the previous year.
              In the future, the Group will continue to firmly implement relevant national policies on the real estate industry,
              support rigid and improving housing demands, meet the reasonable financing needs of real estate enterprises
              of different ownerships with fair and equal treatment, enhance the support for non-state-owned real estate
              enterprises, improve the service level to the “three major projects” such as government-subsidised housing, and
              the development of the housing rental market. At the same time, the Group reasonably identified project risks of
              subsidiaries and the holding companies of the groups, further strengthened centralised risk management and post-
              investment and post-loan management, resolutely implemented the requirements for closed management of real
              estate loans, and effectively managed and controlled risk of projects. In accordance with the principles of compliance
              with laws and regulations, controllable risks and business sustainability, the Company promoted risk mitigation of
              real estate enterprises, maintained the overall stability of the quality of real estate assets, endeavoured to provide
              financial support to the steady and healthy development of the real estate market, and facilitated the construction
              of the new development model of real estate industry.



     3.9.4 Deposits from customers
              As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from customers of the Company was RMB7,871.561
              billion, representing an increase of RMB597.048 billion or a growth rate of 8.21% as compared with the end of the
              previous year. The growth rate of deposits from customers of the Company declined compared with the previous
              year, with the main reasons as follows: firstly, the growth rate of M2 declined, which was recorded as 9.7% in
              2023, representing a decrease of 2.1 percentage points as compared with the previous year, and the increase in
              deposits from financial institutions was less than that of the previous year; secondly, economic recovery has not met
              the expectations. Enterprises experienced slower recovery than expected, and the liquidity activities of enterprises
              remained at low level, with lack of willingness for investment and financing, thus generating less demand deposits.
              At the same time, disturbance in the capital market and the demand for deposits from customers, especially demand
              for medium- and long-term time deposits increased, resulting in an increase in the proportion of time deposits of
              the Company. Facing the challenges of changes in the external environment, the Company coped with the pressure
              of slowdown in deposit growth by taking various measures such as strengthening customer-centric management,
              enhancing customer base expansion, reinforcing deposit classification management and cost control. During the
              reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of core deposits10 was RMB6,615.946 billion, representing
              an increase of RMB758.195 billion or a growth rate of 12.94% as compared with the previous year, accounting
              for 86.63% of the average daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease of 0.87 percentage point
              as compared with the previous year. The average daily balance of demand deposits was RMB4,430.730 billion,
              representing an increase of RMB268.196 billion or a growth rate of 6.44% as compared with the previous year,
              accounting for 58.02% of the average daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease of 4.16
              percentage points as compared with the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of
              structured deposits of the Company amounted to RMB262.934 billion, representing an increase of RMB20.170
              billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 3.34% of the balance of deposits from
              customers, which remained at the same level compared to that at the end of the previous year.




     10
          The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit, structured
          deposits and other high-cost deposits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    51
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Looking forward to 2024, the general keynote of the macro-economy is to adhere to the principle of making
      progress amid stability, promoting stability through progress, establishing the new before abolishing the old, and
      continuing to consolidate the foundation of seeking progress while maintaining stability. The proactive fiscal policy
      and prudent monetary policy will continue to exert influence, and the macro-economy will further recover. The
      external environment for the growth of deposits among commercial banks is expected to experience marginal
      improvement, but the trend of shifting towards time deposits is likely to continue, with increasingly fierce market
      competition. It is expected that the Company will continue to face pressures in both scale growth and cost control.
      In order to maintain the high-quality growth of deposits, the Company will take the following measures. Firstly, the
      Company will return to the origin of customers and consolidate the foundation for deposit growth through customer
      base expansion. Secondly, the Company will adhere to the promotion strategy of focusing on core deposits and
      expand stable and low-cost deposits through settlement services, wealth management, product innovation and other
      means. Thirdly, the Company will use classified management to strengthen the control of the scale and proportion
      of high-cost deposits to ensure that the deposit cost ratio remains at a satisfactory level throughout the year.



3.9.5 Assets allocation
      The Company continued to build the capability of asset origination and took various measures to promote the steady
      growth of loans while appropriately increasing the allocation of interest rate bonds and quality credit bonds in light
      of interest rate trends. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total loans and advances to customers
      amounted to RMB6,166.345 billion, representing an increase of 7.79% as compared with the end of the previous
      year, accounting for 59.77% of the total assets of the Company, representing a decrease of 0.38 percentage point
      as compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, retail loans were RMB3,373.633 billion, representing
      an increase of 8.49% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 54.71% of the loans and
      advances to customers of the Company, representing an increase of 0.35 percentage point as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The growth of residential mortgage loans was relatively weak due to the adjustment and
      transformation of the real estate market. The Company promoted steady growth in retail loans by increasing the
      granting of high-quality micro-finance loans and consumer loans. Corporate loans amounted to RMB2,321.585
      billion, representing an increase of 10.70% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 37.65%
      of the loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing an increase of 0.99 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. The Company continued to promote the expansion of customer base
      in key areas, fully met customers’ credit financing needs, and continued to enhance the service support to the real
      economy. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s bonds investment amounted to RMB2,588.035
      billion, representing an increase of 15.94% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 25.08%
      of the total assets of the Company, representing an increase of 1.61 percentage points as compared with the end of
      the previous year.
      Looking forward to 2024, the Company will consistently strengthen the effective asset origination, improve the
      service quality and efficiency to the real economy, and continuously optimise the business strategy in combination
      with the changes in the New Capital Rules to promote the high-quality growth of loans. In 2024, the Company
      plans to increase its loans and advances to customers by approximately 8%. In terms of retail loans, the Company
      will keep up with the changes in the real estate market and push forward the steady growth of residential mortgage
      loans in accordance with regional characteristics while constantly enriching personal financial products, continuously
      promoting the steady growth of micro-finance loans and consumer loans under the premise of enhanced risk control
      and management. In terms of corporate loans, the Company will closely follow the national strategy, focus on key
      sectors including sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance and digital finance, continue
      to promote customer expansion and optimise the corporate credit structure to effectively support the real economy.
      In terms of bonds investment, the Company will, taking into account the risks and returns, study and evaluate the
      trend of interest rates in domestic and foreign currencies in a forward-looking manner, maintain a dynamic and
      flexible asset allocation tactics, and rationalise the pace of increase in investment assets.
52   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.9.6 The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           During the reporting period, the Company formed new non-performing loans of RMB60.997 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of RMB1.978 billion; the formation ratio of non-performing loans was 1.03%, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 0.12 percentage point. From the perspective of major business categories, the amount
           of newly formed non-performing corporate loans was RMB13.124 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
           RMB4.714 billion. The amount of newly formed non-performing retail loans (excluding credit cards) was RMB9.163
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB848 million. The amount of newly formed non-performing
           credit cards loans was RMB38.710 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1.888 billion. From the
           perspective of regions, the formation of the Company’s non-performing loans was mainly concentrated in the
           Head Office (credit card loans), the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta regions. From the perspective of
           industries, the formation of the Company’s non-performing corporate loans was mainly distributed in the real estate
           industry, accommodation and catering industry, transportation, storage and postal services. From the perspective of
           customer base, the formation of the Company’s non-performing corporate loans was concentrated in medium-sized
           enterprises according to national standards.
           The Company always adhered to value customer selection, optimised the asset portfolio allocation, made adequate
           risk compensation and maintained strong risk resistance ability. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance
           of the Company’s allowances for impairment losses on loans was RMB261.402 billion, representing an increase
           of RMB7.989 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio was 456.73%,
           representing a decrease of 10.70 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance-
           to-loan ratio was 4.24%, representing a decrease of 0.19 percentage point as compared with the end of the
           previous year. During the reporting period, the credit cost ratio was 0.72%, representing a year-on-year decrease of
           0.07 percentage point.
           During the reporting period, the Company played an active role in the disposal of non-performing loans, taking
           various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. During the reporting period, the disposal of non-performing
           loans by the Company amounted to RMB58.113 billion, of which RMB22.652 billion was written off, RMB22.589
           billion was securitised, RMB11.204 billion was recovered by cash collection, and RMB1.668 billion was disposed of
           by other means such as repossession, transfer, restructuring, upward migration and remission.
           In 2024, the Company will keep a close eye on the changes in the macro situation, continue to enhance the
           industry understanding, continue to improve the credit policies, implement the “one branch, one policy”, list-based
           operation for the asset business and fully promote the optimisation of customer base structure and investment in
           quality assets. The Company will carry out risk management and control in key areas, strengthen the management
           of special-mentioned loans and overdue loans, strictly classify assets, make adequate allowances, and effectively
           prevent and dispose of potential risks; actively dispose of non-performing assets in multiple ways, persistently
           dispose of risk assets to maintain overall stability of asset quality.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                    53
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.9.7 Asset quality in key areas
      During the reporting period, the Company strengthened risk control over residential mortgage loans, consumer
      financing business, micro-finance loans, industries under list-based management and other key areas, and the asset
      quality was generally stable. In 2024, the Company will actively respond to the changes in the external macro-
      economic situation and continue to strengthen the investigation, research and judgement on the risk situation in the
      key areas for better risk prevention and control. For details of the quality of real estate assets, please refer to 3.9.3
      “Risk management and control in the real estate sector” in this chapter.

      The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
      indicated.
                                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                               Balance                           Balance      Percentage
                                             Balance of         of non-          Non-         of special-      of special-    Balance of     Percentage
      (In millions of RMB,                    loans and     performing performing             mentioned       mentioned         overdue      of overdue
      except for percentages)                  advances           loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans      loans (%)
      Corporate loans                         2,321,585          26,694             1.15          18,071              0.78        25,862             1.11
      Discounted bills                          471,127               –                –              12                 –             –                –
      Retail loans                            3,373,633          30,539             0.91          48,739              1.44        47,706             1.41
        Micro-finance loans                     749,773           4,592             0.61           2,648              0.35         5,211             0.70
        Residential mortgage loans            1,376,814           5,113             0.37          13,107              0.95         7,466             0.54
        Credit card loans                       935,777          16,381             1.75          31,373              3.35        29,905             3.20
        Consumer loans                          301,538           3,285             1.09           1,539              0.51         3,946             1.31
        Others(Note)                              9,731           1,168            12.00              72              0.74         1,178            12.11
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                             6,166,345          57,233             0.93          66,822              1.08        73,568             1.19

                                                                                           31 December 2022
                                                                Balance                           Balance      Percentage
                                              Balance of         of non-           Non-        of special-      of special-    Balance of      Percentage
      (In millions of RMB,                     loans and     performing     performing         mentioned       mentioned         overdue       of overdue
      except for percentages)                   advances           loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans       loans (%)
      Corporate loans                         2,097,114          26,205             1.25          21,515              1.03        25,852             1.23
      Discounted bills                          513,857               –                –               8                 –             –                –
      Retail loans                            3,109,737          28,009             0.90          44,097              1.42        46,731             1.50
        Micro-finance loans                     629,628           4,027             0.64           2,515              0.40         4,567             0.73
        Residential mortgage loans            1,379,812           4,898             0.35          10,409              0.75         6,956             0.50
        Credit card loans                       884,394          15,648             1.77          30,201              3.41        31,408             3.55
        Consumer loans                          202,225           2,191             1.08             862              0.43         2,544             1.26
        Others(Note)                             13,678           1,245             9.10             110              0.80         1,256             9.18
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                             5,720,708          54,214             0.95          65,620              1.15        72,583             1.27

      Note:    Primarily consists of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other personal loans secured by
               monetary assets.



      Risk control over residential mortgage loans
      The Company actively implemented the national and regional policy requirements, adhered to the implementation of
      city-specific policy, actively responded to the new situation where the supply-demand relationship in the real estate
      market has changed significantly, and supported customers with rigid and improving housing demands, so as to
      steadily conduct residential mortgage loan business. During the reporting period, the Company further concentrated
      its residential mortgage loan business to cities in which the housing prices were relatively stable, and the amount
      of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company in the first-tier and second-tier cities accounted
      for 90.25% of the total amount of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company, representing an
      increase of 2.13 percentage points year-on-year. The closing balance of residential mortgage loans in the first-tier
      and second-tier cities accounted for 87.04% of the closing balance of the Company’s residential mortgage loans,
      representing an increase of 0.54 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
54   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans
           was 0.37%, representing an increase of 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.95%, representing an increase of 0.20 percentage point as compared with the
           end of the previous year. The overdue loan ratio was 0.54%, representing an increase of 0.04 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year. The Company had always been regularly monitoring and revaluating
           the value of the existing collaterals and adjusting the value of mortgaged assets in a timely manner. As of the
           end of the reporting period, the weighted average loan-to-value ratio of residential mortgage loans was 32.93%,
           representing an increase of 0.34 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, and the collaterals
           were sufficient and stable. Therefore, the overall risk of residential mortgage loans was controllable.
           With the adjustment on the interest rates for the existing residential mortgage loans, the interest spread between
           the newly-granted and existing residential mortgage loans has narrowed, which to some extent eased the trend
           of prepayment. However, due to the decline in the current returns on market investment, it is expected that the
           prepayment of residential mortgage loans in 2024 will remain at a high level in recent years. The Company will
           continue to strictly control the onboarding of residential mortgage loan business. In terms of customer selection,
           the Company will offer priority support to customers with rigid and improving housing demands, and in terms of
           location, the Company will offer priority support to quality residential projects located in core districts to ensure
           the healthy development of the residential mortgage loan business from the origin. In the future, under the general
           trend that the government will support the smooth development of the real estate market, the Company will strive
           to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of residential mortgage loan assets in the industry.
           Risk control over consumer credit business
           During the reporting period, the market demands steadily recovered, and the consumer market was gradually
           recovering. The Company insisted on focusing on the acquisition of value customers, further exploring the upgraded
           consumption scenarios and the comprehensive consumption scenarios of individuals or families encouraged by
           national policies, and developing the consumer credit business in a steady manner. Thanks to the continuous
           optimisation of the customer base and the asset structure and the application of various risk management strategies,
           the consumer credit business maintained stable growth while the risk was generally stable.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan amount of the Company’s consumer credit business
           (including credit cards) was RMB19.666 billion, representing an increase of RMB1.827 billion as compared with the
           end of the previous year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.59%, representing a decrease of 0.05 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year. The special-mentioned loan ratio was 2.66%, representing a
           decrease of 0.20 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year and the overdue loan ratio was
           2.74%, representing a decrease of 0.38 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In the future, the Company will continue to improve the refined risk management and control strategy for consumer
           credit business. On the one hand, the Company will continuously optimise the customer base and asset structure
           by strictly reviewing the credit risks of customers and focusing on the customers with good credit record and stable
           income source to strictly prevent the risk of “joint debts”; on the other hand, the Company will continuously
           increase the access to data sources, so as to enhance the accuracy of risk identification of customer base, and at the
           same time rely on big data quantitative risk control technology to closely monitor the changes in risks of customer
           base, make risk pre-warning in a timely manner, actively dispose of non-performing asset, and strive to maintain a
           relatively outstanding level of quality of consumer credit business assets in the industry.
           Control over the risks relating to micro-finance loan business
           The Company adhered to the implementation of the national strategy of vigorously supporting the development of
           small- and micro-sized enterprises, accelerated the pace of retail micro-finance asset origination and loan extension,
           promoted the high-quality development of micro-finance loan business, while relying on Fintech to explore product
           and service innovation so as to further improve the quality and efficiency of financial services for small- and micro-
           sized customers.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          55
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


         As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s retail micro-finance loans
         was 0.61%, representing a decrease of 0.03 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, the
         special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.35%, representing a decrease of 0.05 percentage point as compared with the
         end of the previous year and the overdue loan ratio was 0.70%, representing a decrease of 0.03 percentage point
         as compared with the end of the previous year.
         In the future, the Company will continue to guard the risk bottom line, pay close attention to changes in the market
         situation, and improve the capabilities to analyse and judge the risk situation. The Company will continuously
         strengthen its quantitative risk control capabilities, improve the risk quantitative system in response to changes in
         the risks of small- and micro-sized customers, enrich the risk monitoring data dimensions, identify the risks earlier,
         give warnings earlier, expose the risks earlier and dispose the risks earlier, so as to maintain a relatively outstanding
         level of quality of micro-finance loan assets in the industry.
         Control over the risks relating to industries under list-based management11
         During the reporting period, the Company implemented differentiated management for customers in the 14
         industries under list-based management that are significantly affected by supply-side structural reforms, overcapacity
         or the “carbon peak and carbon neutrality” policies. In particular, for the whitelist customers and strategic
         customers of the Head Office level and branch level such as leading enterprises in the industry and regional
         advantageous enterprises, the Company strengthened its policy preference and provided priority support through
         various resources, products and services. For other customers with relatively stable risks and fair business conditions,
         on the basis of solid customer maintenance and operation as well as consolidation of the overall customer base,
         the Company realised the dynamic optimisation of customer structure and asset structure through supporting
         the superior, phasing out the inferior and concentrating the structure of customer base on listed companies, core
         enterprises of group companies and mid-tier customers with sound performances.
         As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s full-calibre business financing exposure in industries under
         list-based management was RMB234.160 billion12, representing a decrease of RMB8.672 billion as compared with
         the beginning of the year, mainly extended to strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level and
         whitelist customers. The non-performing loan ratio of the industries under list-based management was 0.91%,
         representing a decrease of 0.39 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by the risk
         exposure and the continuous decline of business scale of individual existing risk customers, the non-performing loan
         ratio of the industries such as metal ore mining, steel trading and basic chemical industries increased as compared
         with the beginning of the year, while the non-performing loan ratios of other industries remained at the same level
         or decreased compared with the beginning of the year.
         In view of the fact that the Company’s basic customer groups of the industries under list-based management are
         mainly strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level and whitelist customers with relatively strong
         capabilities to resist external risks, it is expected that the risks in this field will be generally controllable in 2024.
         In the future, the Company will dynamically adjust credit policies in relevant fields according to national industrial
         policies, financial supervision policies and actual market condition.




11
     In 2023, the Company renamed industries under classified management as industries under list-based management, and the scope of the industry was
     adjusted. In 2023, the industries under list-based management include 14 industries including glass manufacturing, textile and chemical fiber, synthetic
     material manufacturing, steel trade, iron and steel (long process), metal ore mining and processing, fertilizer manufacturing, basic chemical, coal chemical,
     coal trade, coal, non-ferrous metal smelting and calendaring (excluding electrolysis of aluminium), financial leasing and commercial leasing.

12
     The statistical calibre of the industries under list-based management has been changed, and the figures at the beginning of the year have been adjusted in
     accordance with the same statistical calibre.
56   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.9.8 Capital management
           The Company kept on optimising its business structure and strengthening capital management. The Company met
           various capital requirements of the supervisory and management bodies of the banking industry in China during the
           reporting period with sufficient capital buffer.
           The Company adhered to the principle of prudence and stability and maintained the steady growth of risk-weighted
           assets under the premise of controllable risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of risk-weighted
           assets under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company (having taken into consideration the bottom-
           line requirements of the parallel run period) was 13.52%. Under the Advanced Measurement Approach, the ratio
           of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the bottom-line requirements of the parallel run period)
           to total assets was 58.31%. During the reporting period, the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC, before tax)
           under the Advanced Measurement Approach was 27.47%, significantly higher than the cost of capital. As of the
           end of the reporting period, the Company’s core tier one capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement
           Approach and the Weighted Approach increased as compared with the end of the previous year, maintaining an
           endogenous growth of capital.
           During the reporting period, the Company redeemed RMB20 billion of Tier 2 capital bonds and issued RMB30
           billion of undated additional Tier 1 capital bonds for the purpose of replenishing the additional Tier 1 capital of the
           Company. Please refer to the relevant announcements issued by the Company on Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong
           Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company’s website for details. The Company will keep on improving
           the level of shareholder returns by improving the efficiency of capital utilisation, optimising the asset-liability
           structure and other ways.
           The Company adheres to the development strategy of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, continuously
           advances the innovation and development of asset securitisation business and continuously enriches capital
           management tools. During the reporting period, the Company issued eight asset securitisation projects through the
           inter-bank market with a total scale of RMB2.961 billion. The underlying assets were non-performing loans.
           In September 2023, the list of domestic systemically important banks in 2023 was released. The Company was still in
           the third group of the list and still needed to meet additional regulatory requirements such as the additional capital
           adequacy ratio of 0.75% and the additional leverage ratio of 0.375%. At present, the Company’s capital adequacy
           ratio, leverage ratio, liquidity and other operating indicators at all levels are maintained at a high level, which can
           meet additional regulatory requirements.
           In November 2023, the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) released the Rules on Capital
           Management of Commercial Bank (hereinafter referred to as the “New Capital Rules”), which took effect on 1
           January 2024. Under the New Capital Rules, the capital occupation of the credit business will decrease in general,
           and the capital occupation of the financial market business will increase slightly. As for the Company, the New
           Capital Rules will lead to increase and decrease in the capital occupation for different businesses. The Company will
           optimise and adjust its business structure and operating strategies in a timely manner.
           In the future, the Company will, under the guidance of the New Capital Rules and the strategic objective of building
           a value creation bank, and following the business concept of the value creation chain of “volume growth – revenue
           growth – profit growth – value growth”, continue to optimise the capital allocation tactics, strengthen the asset-
           liability portfolio management, improve the capital return management mechanism, promote the dynamically
           balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and Scale”, so as to constantly enhance the capability of endogenous
           growth of capital and ensure the smooth operation of the capital adequacy ratio.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    57
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



3.10 Business Operation
3.10.1 Retail finance business
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted to
      RMB97.292 billion, representing an increase of 4.95% as compared with the previous year. The net operating
      income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB190.146 billion, representing an increase of 0.89% as
      compared with the previous year and accounting for 61.86% of the net operating income of the Company. The net
      interest income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB133.766 billion, representing an increase of 3.42%
      as compared with the previous year and accounting for 70.35% of the net operating income from retail finance; the
      net non-interest income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB56.380 billion, representing a decrease
      of 4.66% as compared with the previous year while accounting for 29.65% of the net operating income from retail
      finance and 56.56% of the net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting period, the fee and
      commission income from retail wealth management business of the Company was RMB27.007 billion, representing
      a decrease of 8.71% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 48.80% of the net fee and commission
      income from retail finance; the Company recorded a fee income of RMB19.394 billion from retail bank card
      business, representing a decrease of 8.80% as compared with the previous year.
      During the reporting period, by adhering to its core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for
      customers”, the Company continued to consolidate its systematic strengths in retail finance by expanding its capital-
      light businesses such as wealth management and strengthening its capital-heavy business, and continued to enhance
      its value creation capability, thereby promoting the high-quality development of its retail business. Through building
      the “people + digitalisation” omni-channel service system, strengthening the ecological construction of financial
      scenarios, and continuously optimising the core retail finance products, the Company provided more customers with
      better retail finance services to actively satisfy the needs of people’s livelihood. During the reporting period, the
      retail business of the Company maintained a good momentum of development.
      Retail customers and total assets under management for retail customers
      During the reporting period, in the face of the complex and volatile external situation and the increasingly fierce
      competition from the banks and other financial institutions, the Company proactively promoted the strategic
      deployment in key regions to explore growth potential, and further propelled business integration to strengthen
      its ability to expand group finance service. The Company intensified the customer base operation, returned to the
      original needs of customers in “deposit, loan, and remittance (存貸匯)” banking services, made full use of Fintech
      to push forward the innovation of retail products and refined operation, and diversified the categories and offerings
      of products and deepened asset allocation services catering for customers’ needs. During the reporting period, the
      number of retail customers and the balance of the total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers of
      the Company maintained stable growth.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 197 million retail customers (including debit and credit card
      customers), representing an increase of 7.07% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which the
      number of customers in the level of Golden Sunflower and above (those with minimum daily average total assets of
      RMB500,000 for each month) reached 4,640,600, representing an increase of 12.00% as compared with the end of
      the previous year.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management for retail customers of the
      Company amounted to RMB13,321.131 billion, representing an increase of 9.88% as compared with the end of the
      previous year. Among them, the balance of total assets under management for the customers in the level of Golden
      Sunflower and above amounted to RMB10,819.744 billion, representing an increase of 9.66% as compared with the
      end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the
      Company amounted to RMB3,314.318 billion, representing an increase of 12.13% as compared with the end of the
      previous year. During the reporting period, the demand deposits accounted for 58.16% of the daily average balance
      of deposits from retail customers of the Company.
58   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Wealth management
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of retail wealth management products amounted to
           RMB3,499.766 billion, representing an increase of 11.51% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly
           due to the increased allocations towards stable long-term products by the Company in line with customers’ needs,
           resulting in an increased growth rate in the scale of wealth management products under management as compared
           with the previous year. During the reporting period, the agency distribution of non-money-market mutual funds
           of the Company totalled RMB296.809 billion, representing a decrease of 11.42% year-on-year. The decrease was
           mainly due to further decline in customer risk appetite as the capital market remained under pressure. However,
           the sales of more stable bond fund products recovered on a quarter-to-quarter basis in the second half of the year.
           During the reporting period, the Company achieved the agency distribution of insurance premiums of RMB96.826
           billion, representing an increase of 33.76% year-on-year. The increase was mainly due to the fact that the Company
           further seized market opportunities and increased its efforts in the allocation of regular insurance, which drove
           an overall increase in premiums. During the reporting period, the Company recorded RMB84.647 billion in agency
           distribution of trust schemes, representing a decrease of 24.77% as compared with the corresponding period of the
           previous year, which was mainly due to the fact that the Company actively adjusted its business direction under the
           policy background of “reform of trust business classification”, and other policy backgrounds.
           During the reporting period, the Company recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth management
           business of RMB27.007 billion, among which income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to
           RMB12.743 billion, income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB5.457 billion, income from agency
           distribution of wealth management products amounted to RMB5.291 billion, income from agency distribution of
           trust schemes amounted to RMB3.175 billion, and other income amounted to RMB341 million. For details of the
           reasons of changes in fee and commission income from wealth management, please refer to 3.9.2 “Net non-interest
           income” in this chapter.
           During the reporting period, in the light of customers’ demands for stable-performing products, the Company
           strengthened its capability of offering professional wealth management services, built an omni-channel service
           system based on “people + digitalisation”, and helped customers achieve asset preservation and appreciation.
           First, the Company stepped up efforts in upgrading payment settlement customers to wealth management
           customers for the purpose of increasing the number of customers holding our wealth products. The Company
           insisted on the scenario construction of payment settlement service and continuously improved customers’ service
           experience in various scenarios to promote the upgrade of customers’ needs from payment settlement towards
           wealth management. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 51,379,500 customers holding our
           wealth products, representing an increase of 19.13% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Second, the Company increased its offering of stable products in response to changes in customers’ risk appetite.
           In terms of wealth management products, the Company integrated the advantageous resources of its partners,
           offered stable products as its core offering, and captured periodic investment opportunities. In terms of fund
           products, the Company increased its offering of short-term debt and “fixed income+” products and thus improve
           customers’ experience in comprehensive income. In terms of insurance products, the Company has continued to
           enrich its product offerings to cover major insured types such as pension, health, accident and property, so as to
           satisfy customers’ needs for insurance. Furthermore, the Company continued to broaden its product categories
           and cooperation channels, and further explored customers’ asset allocation needs, providing customers of various
           channels and types with appropriate business strategies and products.
           Third, the Company constantly optimised the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System” to guide customers to
           make scientific asset allocation. In terms of customer service, the Company integrated its online and offline customer
           services to form a service model centring on asset allocation and continuous review on re-balancing service to build
           a virtuous operation cycle. In terms of capability enhancement, the Company provided its front-line team with
           systematic training to improve its abilities in communication and interaction with customers, professional market
           analysis and judgement, and asset allocation services, so as to help customers form a correct investment philosophy.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 9,114,500 customers who conducted asset allocation under
           such system, representing an increase of 12.15% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Fourth, the Company constantly iterated the open platform capabilities to enhance the customer’s experience with
           wealth management product held with the Company. The Company further optimised the service capabilities of
           “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)”, an open platform of wealth management business on CMB APP, improved the operation
           and organisation mechanism, and provided customers with better wealth services. As of the end of the reporting
           period, “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)” on CMB APP has onboarded in total 152 asset management institutions with
           industrial representativeness. During the reporting period, “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)” provided professional investment
           guidance and companion for customers on their investment journey by offering wealth information, online
           interactions and organisation of events, etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                           59
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Private banking
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 148,842 private banking customers (retail customers of
      the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
      10.42% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance the core competence of the private banking
      business, continuously improved and upgraded the comprehensive service system of “individual, family, enterprise
      and society (人家企社)”13 in light of customers’ changing diverse demands under this system, and promoted the
      steady quality development of its private banking business in a prudent manner.
      Firstly, the Company diversified its products and services following the principle of “being customer-centric”. It
      focused on satisfying customers’ demand for stable products based on a clear understanding of the changes in their
      actual needs. Thus, the Company selected outperforming asset management institutions in the entire market with
      the aim of continuously enriching its products portfolio, and developed specific accompanying service for customers
      throughout their whole investment journey. Meanwhile, the Company integrated the resources of the group
      members and third-party partners to deliver a “financial + non-financial” service ecosystem for customers and the
      enterprises behind them.
      Secondly, the Company managed to achieve service upgrade via technology-driven innovation. In particular, it
      improved the exclusive APP for private banking customers to increase the proportion of online transactions, build an
      ecosystem of private equity institutions and upgrade the digital comprehensive financial services. Benefiting from the
      development of a digital wealth management and asset allocation system, the Company upgraded the “one-to-one”
      advisory asset allocation services with digital tools. It also sought to create an operation model driven by advanced
      technology to accurately analyse and deeply understand customers’ needs based on digital means.
      Thirdly, the Company continued to fulfill its social responsibility under the philosophy of wealth for common good.
      Under the main theme of common prosperity, the Company identified the connection between customer service
      and social welfare by actively responding to the needs of customers to participate in public charity and practice ESG
      ideals, and promoted the implementation of charitable projects through charitable trusts and other tools. With the
      release of the 2023 Charity Research Report among High-Net-Worth Individuals in China (     《2023 年中國高淨值人群
      慈善調研報告》        ) and the establishment of a philanthropy exchange platform named “Goodwill Hall (議善廳)”, the
      Company has contributed to the dissemination of charity beliefs.
      Fourthly, the Company adhered to sound operation by upholding the bottom line of risk prevention. With effective
      risk prediction, the Company continued to improve segmented and classified management of products available
      for sale, and properly matched the products with the risk-return preferences of customers, so as to empower its
      business development.
      Credit cards
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 97.1181 million active credit cards,
      representing a decrease of 5.44% as compared with the end of the previous year, and there were 69.7404 million
      active credit card users, representing a decrease of 0.37% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to
      the decrease in newly-acquired customers as the Company placed more emphasis on high-quality customer acquisition.
      During the reporting period, the credit card transactions of the Company amounted to RMB4,814.967 billion,
      representing a decrease of 0.44% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Interest income from
      credit cards amounted to RMB63.515 billion, representing a decrease of 0.72% as compared with the corresponding
      period of the previous year. Non-interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB27.228 billion, representing a
      decrease of 3.02% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. For details of the scale and quality
      of the credit card loans of the Company, please refer to 3.9.7 “Asset quality in key areas” in this chapter.
      In terms of risk management, the Company continued to optimise its customer structure and asset portfolio under the
      guidance of the operation strategy focusing on “stability and low volatility”. Additionally, the Company has further
      studied regional strategies with forward-looking judgement, and continued to iterate various types of quantitative
      models to enhance its risk decision-making capability, while continuously upgrading the post-loan digital operations
      to improve operational efficiency and collection effects. During the reporting period, the risk indicators for its credit
      card business declined, indicating enhanced risk-resistant capabilities. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of non-performing credit card loans was RMB16.381 billion, representing a non-performing loan ratio of
      credit card loans of 1.75% with a decrease of 0.02 percentage point from the end of the previous year. In view of
      the current complicated external environment, the Company will prudently arrange various strategic deployments
      in the next stage, continue to optimise its strategy on customer structure and asset portfolio, coordinate regional
      business development based on specific local policies, explore various ways of restructuring the balance between risk
      and growth under the new situation, and continue to promote high quality development of its credit card business.



13
      The term “individual, family, enterprise and society” specifically refers to the needs of individuals, families, enterprises and the society.
60   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           In terms of business development, the Company adhered to the value-oriented and innovation-driven approach to
           promote service and product upgrades. Firstly, the transformation of customer acquisition strategies has facilitated
           the Company’s high-quality customers acquisition efforts. Additionally, it has constantly enriched its card product
           portfolio by launching green and low-carbon themed credit card in practicing the ESG concept, and joined hands
           with Meituan and Mango TV to launch co-branded cards in satisfying the needs of young customers for online
           shopping and entertainment. Particularly for female customers, the Company launched, among others, the Hello
           Kitty pink graffiti card and “Free Life (自由人生)” platinum credit card (Pink Version), enabling the Company to
           further strengthen the connection with its customers. Secondly, the Company applied a combination of measures
           to boost consumption, seizing the consumption hotspots of festivals and holidays and e-commerce promotions to
           enhance the efficiency of marketing operations. Furthermore, it capitalised on the recovery of overseas transactions
           by launching the themed marketing campaign of “Extraordinary Overseas Tours (非常境外遊)”. Thirdly, the Company
           continued to focus on the operation of instalment assets and enhance the operating efficiency of bill instalments
           and consumption instalments. Meanwhile, it innovated the post-loan procedure for automobile instalment loans and
           enhanced service quality and efficiency through online solutions. Fourthly, it deepened the digital transformation
           based on the credit card core system 3.0, upgrading business procedures and functions, creating the “people +
           digitalisation” omni-channel service system and promoting the digital and intelligent transformation of customer
           service. In addition, the Company has further deepened the operation of the CMB Life APP. For details of the CMB
           Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3 “Distribution channels” in this chapter.
           Retail loans
           As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB3,373.633
           billion, representing an increase of 8.49% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for
           54.71% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, up by 0.35 percentage point as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans)
           reached RMB2,437.856 billion, representing an increase of 9.55% as compared with the end of the previous year,
           accounting for 39.53% of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing an increase of
           0.63 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As to business development, during the reporting period, the Company actively implemented the requirements of
           national policies, adhered to the implementation of city-specific policy, proactively adapted to the major changes in
           the supply and demand relationship in the real estate market, and supported rigid and improving housing demands
           of housebuyers, thus achieving a healthy development of the residential mortgage loan business. Furthermore,
           while maintaining proper risk control management and stable asset quality, the Company proactively adjusted its
           business structure and increased the granting of micro-finance loans and consumer loans. With respect to micro-
           finance loans, the Company strictly implemented various regulatory requirements, enriched its product portfolio
           and enhanced policy adaptation to meet the diversified needs of micro-finance loan customers, and expanded the
           coverage of micro-finance loan customers, so as to constantly improve the quality and efficiency of micro-finance
           services. With respect to the consumer loan business, the Company insisted on selecting high-quality customers and
           continued to build on its big data risk control capabilities. The Company carried out segmented management of
           customer groups with different needs, stroke a balance between returns and risks, and reduced operating costs. As
           of the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance of residential mortgage loans of RMB1,376.814
           billion, representing a decrease of 0.22% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of retail
           micro-finance loans amounted to RMB749.773 billion, representing an increase of 19.08% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. The balance of consumer loans amounted to RMB301.538 billion, up by 49.11% as
           compared with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 15.5772
           million retail loan (excluding credit card loans) customers, representing an increase of 28.31% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. The expansion of customer base was mainly attributable to the light model of customer
           acquisition through online platform.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                         61
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      In terms of risk management, the Company kept intensifying its risk control capabilities. First, the Company
      strengthened the monitoring and prediction of market risk situations, and adjusted its risk management and control
      strategies in a timely manner in line with changes in market conditions; second, the Company prioritised the
      development of areas with better economic development and market potential, while adhering to the selection of
      high-quality customer groups and preference for customers with good credit records and stable repayment sources
      as the main business targets and selecting premium property development projects in core zones as collaterals;
      third, the Company continued to strengthen its big data quantitative risk control capabilities and enhance the
      digital level of risk management by leveraging Fintech, actively expanded access to data sources, continuously
      enriched data tags, rapidly iterated the strategic model, deepening the application of quantitative risk control
      tools in the whole process of pre-lending, lending and post-lending so as to accurately identify and control risks.
      With the above initiatives, the non-performance loan ratio of retail loans of the Company remained stable. As of
      the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s retail special-mentioned loans (excluding credit
      card loans) amounted to RMB17.366 billion, special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.71%, representing an increase of
      0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of non-performing retail loans (excluding credit card loans) amounted to RMB14.158 billion, with the non-
      performing loan ratio of 0.58%, representing an increase of 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the
      previous year. Excluding credit card loans, the mortgage and pledged loans accounted for 57.98% of the Company’s
      new non-performing retail loans formed during the reporting period, the loan-to-value ratio of the above-mentioned
      mortgage and pledged loans as at the end of the reporting period was 35.12%. Given that the vast majority of such
      new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by collaterals, the risk was within a controllable range.


3.10.2 Wholesale finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB69.648 billion,
      representing an increase of 11.63% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The net
      operating income from wholesale finance of the Company was RMB119.481 billion, representing a decrease of
      6.55% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 38.87% of the net
      operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income of wholesale finance business amounted to
      RMB81.058 billion, representing a decrease of 6.33% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
      year, and accounting for 67.84% of the net operating income of wholesale finance business; the net non-interest
      income of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB38.423 billion, representing a decrease of 7.00% as
      compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 32.16% of the net operating
      income of wholesale finance business, and 38.55% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
      During the reporting period, the Company captured opportunities arising from the transformation of economic
      growth momentum and the change of accelerated transformation and upgrading of industries, so as to proactively
      strategising its business layout. The Company focused on the development of key finance sectors, including sci-tech
      finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance and digital finance, etc., and continued to develop its
      distinctive advantages and upgraded business models, so as to push forward the optimisation and adjustment of the
      customer structure and business structure of wholesale finance, and enhance the quality and efficiency of serving
      the real economy.
      The Company provided three-dimensional, all-round and multi-level financing support to corporate clients with
      its perspective of integrating investment banking and commercial banking based on its commitment to serving
      customers’ needs at all times. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of aggregate financing
      products to corporate customers (FPA) was RMB5,517.537 billion14, representing an increase of RMB429.410 billion
      over the beginning of the year. Among them, the balance of traditional financing15 was RMB3,149.757 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB351.513 billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of non-traditional
      financing16 was RMB2,367.780 billion, representing an increase of RMB77.897 billion over the beginning of the year.
      The balance of non-traditional financing accounted for 42.91% of the balance of FPA, representing a decrease of
      2.09 percentage points over the beginning of the year.




14
      Since the scope of financing wealth management and matching transactions included in FPA were adjusted in this period, the same-calibre adjustment
      was made to the data at the beginning of the period, with the opening balance of the adjusted FPA of RMB5,088.127 billion, of which amount of
      traditional financing amounted to RMB2,798.244 billion and amount of non-traditional financing amounted to RMB2,289.883 billion.
15
      Traditional financing comprises general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills), acceptance, letters
      of credit, financial guarantees and non-financial guarantees.
16
      The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing wealth
      management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing, cross-border coordination
      financing and leading syndicated loans.
62   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Wholesale customers
           The Company has established a corporate customer service system with segmentation and classification-based
           management for strategic customers, institutional customers, financial institution customers, cross-border customers
           and basic customers. During the reporting period, the Company kept on focusing on the industry specialised
           operation for strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level, acquisition of high-quality corporate
           customers and in-depth operations of existing customers. As of the end of the reporting period, the total number of
           corporate customers of the Company came in at 2,820,600, representing an increase of 11.66% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate customers during the reporting period was
           481,900, contributing daily average deposits of RMB172.744 billion.
           In terms of strategic customers, the Company optimised and upgraded its strategic customer service model by
           enhancing industry understanding, improving capability of the industry-specialised service for strategic customers,
           deepening industry chain and investment chain operations for strategic customers and leading to the innovation of
           the industrial service model. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 32117 strategic customers of
           the Head Office level, with a daily average balance of deposits of RMB1,071.146 billion, representing an increase of
           2.50% on the same calibre as compared with the previous year, and the balance of loans was RMB1,118.486 billion,
           representing an increase of 8.00% as compared with the beginning of the year. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the number of strategic customers of the Company of the branch level was 7,01318. The daily average
           balance of deposits was RMB774.371 billion, representing an increase of 6.01% on the same calibre as compared
           with the previous year, and the balance of loans was RMB407.267 billion, representing an increase of 14.55% as
           compared with the beginning of the year.
           With regard to its institutional customers, the Company continued to optimise its product systems and user
           experience focusing on scenarios including government and industry funds, local government special bonds, income
           and expense management of fiscal funds, tax payment and refund as well as convenient civil services, aiming
           to provide differentiated services for all levels and types of institutional customers, and further tap into the full
           potential of institutional customers through the service chain. In terms of serving national government institutions,
           the Company was recognised as excellent agency for all the three agency qualifications in the 2023 Central Fiscal
           Agency Service Assessment, and continued to strengthen the multi-dimensional cooperation in terms of policies,
           qualifications, systems, data and other aspects, and to build a distinctive brand with digital services. In terms of
           serving local governments and competent authorities, the Company provided customers with a package of solutions
           encompassing intelligence, financing and technology service system, and established its reputation in the market for
           its integrated services. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 50,600 institutional customers, with
           an average daily deposit balance of RMB1,077.397 billion.
           With regard to its financial institution customers, the Company comprehensively deepened its customer operation by
           constantly improving its operation system for financial institution customers, enhanced its capabilities of the industry
           specialised operation through classified operations for specific industries, and joined hands with the financial
           institution customers to serve the customers, which facilitated acquisition and operation of corporate customers and
           retail customers. At the same time, the Company cooperated with policy banks to carry out sub-loans services and
           implemented the decisions and arrangements related to the national inclusive finance development.
           With regard to cross-border customers, the Company overcame multiple challenges at home and abroad and
           continued to build distinctive advantages in cross-border finance. Focusing on the acquisition and operation of
           customers and strengthening its strategic organisation and professional empowerment, the Company recorded
           stable growth in the cross-border business, aiming to become the “principal bank for settlement” and “first bank
           to inquire” for customers of cross-border transactions business. As of the end of the reporting period, according
           to the latest statistical calibre of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the Company had 75,601 corporate
           customers in respect of international balance of payments, representing an increase of 14.03% on the same calibre
           as compared with the previous year.




     17
           The number of strategic customers of the Head Office level is that of the group number as the strategic customers of the Head Office level served by
           the Company. There was an adjustment to the list of strategic customers of the Head Office level in 2023, and the same-calibre adjustment was made
           to the 2022 data.
     18
           The number of strategic customers of the branch level is the corporate legal entity number of strategic customers of the branch level served by the
           Company. There was an adjustment to the list of strategic customers of the branch level in 2023, and the same-calibre adjustment was made to the
           2022 data.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            63
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      With regard to basic customers, the Company continued to explore the “people + digitalisation” service model by
      optimising the centralised operation mechanism, empowering the middle office of the Head Office and branches and
      improving the comprehensive capability of its frontline teams. The Company also enhanced the effectiveness and
      experience of customer services through standardisation of offline processes, online operation of customer services
      and digitalised customer operation and customer contact. The Company used intelligent technologies to build big
      data customer profiles and customer potential identification models, improve customer service processes, establish
      a closed loop of service and operation covering all processes and the full-life cycle of services and operations, and
      enhance the breadth and efficiency of services. During the reporting period, the Company served 37.0604 million
      times for corporate customers through various online channels. During the reporting period, the Company had
      1,197,800 corporate customers for withholding transactions, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.36%. The
      transaction amount was RMB2.17 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.96%.
      Corporate customer deposits
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to take advantage of the business opportunities arising from
      capital diversion in the key sectors of the capital market, enhanced the fund origination for trade settlement based
      on the enterprise’s operation scenarios, proactively expanded low-cost deposits. As of the end of the reporting
      period, corporate customer deposit balance was RMB4,557.243 billion, representing an increase of 5.52% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. The daily average balance was RMB4,532.794 billion, representing
      an increase of 6.42% as compared with the previous year. Demand deposits accounted for 57.92% of the average
      daily balance of corporate customers’ deposits, representing a decrease of 2.63 percentage points as compared with
      the previous year. During the reporting period, the average cost rate of corporate customer deposits was 1.75%,
      representing an increase of 3 basis points as compared with the previous year.
      Corporate loans
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total corporate loans amounted to RMB2,321.585 billion,
      representing an increase of 10.70% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 37.65% of the
      Company’s total loans and advances, representing an increase of 0.99 percentage point as compared with the end
      of the previous year. Among them, the balance of medium- and long-term domestic corporate loans amounted
      to RMB1,425.673 billion, representing an increase of 7.44% as compared with the end of the previous year,
      accounting for 63.76% of the total domestic corporate loans, representing a decrease of 1.94 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio of the corporate loans was 1.15%,
      representing a decrease of 0.10 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to domestic national-standard large enterprises was
      RMB1,021.981 billion, representing an increase of 9.71% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting
      for 45.70% of the domestic corporate loans, representing a decrease of 0.43 percentage point as compared with the
      end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 0.84%, representing a decrease of 0.06 percentage
      point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of loans to domestic national-standard medium-
      sized enterprises was RMB579.121 billion, representing an increase of 4.16% as compared with the end of the
      previous year, accounting for 25.90% of the domestic corporate loans, representing a decrease of 1.63 percentage
      points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 1.91%, representing a
      decrease of 0.15 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of domestic national-
      standard small- and micro-sized enterprise loans was RMB484.632 billion, representing an increase of 25.27% as
      compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 21.67% of the domestic corporate loans, representing
      an increase of 2.51 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the non-performing
      loan ratio was 0.74%, representing a decrease of 0.26 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The balance of domestic loans to enterprises in other national-standard classifications19 was RMB150.439
      billion, representing an increase of 3.66% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 6.73% of
      the domestic corporate loans, representing a decrease of 0.46 percentage point as compared with the end of the
      previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 1.75%, representing an increase of 0.37 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year.




19
      Such loans include loans made by domestic institutions to overseas and offshore customers, domestic non-enterprise customers and self-employed
      businesses.
64   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           During the reporting period, the Company continued to optimise its loan structure and maintained greater support
           for loan granting in sci-tech innovation, green economy, inclusive economy for small- and micro-sized enterprises,
           manufacturing industry and other sectors in response to national policy guidance, and steadily and orderly
           promoted the development of real estate business. For the key regulatory areas such as local government financing
           platforms, the loan granting control was strictly implemented in accordance with the regulatory guidance. As of
           the end of the reporting period, the balance of the corporate loans extended to the manufacturing industry was
           RMB555.102 billion, representing an increase of RMB111.250 billion as compared with the end of the previous
           year, accounting for 23.91% of the total corporate loans, representing an increase of 2.75 percentage points as
           compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of green loans was RMB447.765 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB92.408 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 19.29% of the total
           corporate loans, representing an increase of 2.34 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB375.097 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB72.774 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 16.16% of the total corporate
           loans, representing an increase of 1.74 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. For loans
           in key areas such as real estate, please refer to Chapter 3.9. For the details of green finance business, please refer to
           Chapter 4.2.1.
           Sci-tech finance business
           The Company has launched the sci-tech finance service brand, offering integrated service solutions for sci-tech
           enterprises catering for their five core needs, namely “bank financing, treasury management, capital connection,
           cross-border development, and talent retention and employment”. The Company innovatively launched the exclusive
           financing product “Sci-Tech Loan (科創貸)”, established “six specialised (六個專門)” working mechanism to serve
           sci-tech enterprises covering teams, products, policies, institutions, assessments and processes, expanded the layout
           of key branches for sci-tech finance, thereby increasing the number of key branches to 11, and carried out the bulk
           acquisition and operation of sci-tech enterprise customers through major channels. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the number of sci-tech enterprise customers of the Company reached 140,800, representing an increase of
           42.51% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans extended to sci-tech enterprises
           amounted to RMB428.477 billion, representing an increase of 44.95% as compared with the end of the previous
           year.
           Inclusive finance business
           During the reporting period, the Company implemented the policy guidance of providing financial support for
           small- and micro-sized enterprises, and steadily improved the quality and efficiency of its financial services for the
           real economy while maintaining stable asset quality and strengthening compliance management. As of the end of
           the reporting period, the balance of loans granted by the Company to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises
           amounted to RMB804.279 billion, representing an increase of RMB125.930 billion or 18.56% as compared with the
           end of the previous year, 10.77 percentage points higher than the overall loan growth rate of the Company. The
           number of inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises with loan balance was 1,004,500, representing an increase of
           13,800 as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Company has newly issued
           inclusive loans of RMB602.821 billion for inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises, with an average interest rate
           of 4.48%, down by 67 basis points year-on-year.
           With regard to its supply chain and scenario-based finance, the Company innovated and upgraded the supply
           chain finance 3.0 service system by launching the new products such as “CMB Chain Easy Loan (招鏈易貸)” and
           the “Distribution Easy Loan (經銷易貸)”, which further improved the supply chain product system and effectively
           enhanced the efficiency of product operation and customer experience. Leveraging the advantage of “One Entire
           Bank for One Customer (全行服務一家)”, the Company provided exclusive credit support to customers in key
           industries such as automobile, green energy, medical security and healthcare, communication, power and equipment
           manufacturing under the “product + customer group” scenario-based business model. During the reporting period,
           the business volume of the Company’s supply chain financing amounted to RMB818.733 billion, representing an
           increase of 23.68% as compared with the end of the previous year. The Company served 6,556 core enterprises,
           and 39,490 upstream and downstream customers.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       65
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Retirement finance business
      During the reporting period, the Company actively practiced the concept of “finance for the people” and “finance
      to serve the real economy”, and regarded the retirement finance business as a strategic business with continuously
      increased input of resources. With the aim of building its distinctive advantages in retirement finance, the Company
      made overall planning in respect of top-level design of retirement finance, integrating retirement finance with non-
      financial service scenarios and building a four-in-one innovative service model integrating “products + services +
      channels + technology” to provide customers with all-round, one-stop, personalised and comprehensive solutions
      for retirement finance. Following the national development strategy of accelerating the formation of a multi-level
      and multi-pillar pension insurance system and leveraging its advantages as a fully licenced financial institution, the
      Company promoted its retirement finance business into a new stage of high-quality development.
      In terms of the first pillar, the Company offered convenient online services for insured persons such as social security
      inquiry, qualification certification, annual report review and other services. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      Company has issued a total of 62,586,200 electronic social security cards.
      In terms of the second pillar, the Company strengthened the construction of core capability with distinctive services
      and formed its differentiated competitive advantages. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of
      enterprise annuity accounts under management reached 2,224,800.
      In terms of the third pillar, a total of 5,356,200 individual pension fund accounts had been opened as of the end of
      the reporting period.
      At the same time, the custody service has covered in depth the three-pillar pension insurance system. As of the end
      of the reporting period, the pension funds under custody amounted to RMB1.05 trillion, realising an increase in both
      market share and scale.
      Bill business
      During the reporting period, the Company further deepened the transformation of comprehensive services for bill
      customers, continuously improved the experience of bill customers, and continued to enhance the direct discounting
      and inter-bank discounting linkage capabilities and bill transaction capabilities, and actively responded to the
      changes in the external markets. During the reporting period, the number of customers of bill business of the
      Company was 159,690 with a year-on-year increase of 11.38%, among which 122,800 were micro-, small- and
      middle-sized customers, accounting for 76.90% of the total. The volume of direct bill discounting business was
      RMB1,895.076 billion during the reporting period, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.78%, still ranking
      second in the market (data from the China Banking Association), of which the volume of commercial acceptance
      bill discounting business was RMB234.208 billion, ranking first in the market (data from the Commercial Bank
      Bill Business Association). As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s bill discounting balance was
      RMB471.127 billion, representing a decrease of 8.32% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due
      to the active adjustment and optimisation of the Company’s asset allocation due to the decrease in interest rate in
      the bill market.
      The Company keeps on improving the bill investment and research integration mechanism and the band trading
      strategy and flow management, optimises the mechanism of Head Office and branch cooperation, and continues
      to enhance its trading capabilities. During the reporting period, the discounted bills transferred to other financial
      institutions (buy-out) amounted to RMB1,851.516 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.62%, ranking
      second in the market (data from the China Banking Association).
      The Company keeps on implementing the rediscounting policy of the People’s Bank of China, supports enterprise
      financing through rediscounting, and improves the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy. During the
      reporting period, the business volume of bill rediscounting amounted to RMB260.061 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 25.84%. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s rediscounting balance was
      RMB101.161 billion, representing an increase of 22.66% as compared with the end of the previous year, ranking
      first in the market (data from the China Banking Association).
66   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Transaction banking business
           During the reporting period, the Company, in response to the “Digital China (數字中國)” campaign, not only
           accelerated its own digital transformation, but also focused on the three business scenarios of corporate treasury
           management, sales and procurement. The Company enhanced products innovation and deepened ecological
           connection, so as to forge its two major advantages of “digital treasury management” and “digital integration
           of business and finance”. By actively integrating with and empowering the digital transformation of enterprises,
           the Company explored new growth points for the corporate banking business. During the reporting period, the
           Company officially launched the “Enterprise Digital Intelligent Finance (企業數智金融)” brand, establishing three
           major service systems, namely “Online Finance (線上金融)”, “ Treasury Management Cloud (財資管理雲)” and
           “Scenario-based Finance (場景金融)”, to provide enterprises with intelligent solutions for their efficient operation,
           cost reduction and efficiency enhancement.
           Relying on Fintech, the Company accelerated the online migration of whole-process of corporate banking business
           and enhanced the convenience and efficiency of “Online Finance (線上金融)” services. During the reporting period,
           the online operation of the financing business of the Company was further enhanced. Based on digital risk control
           technology, the Company continued to upgrade its “Flash Series (閃電系列)” of domestic trade finance products
           to improve the efficiency of short-term financing for enterprises. Furthermore, the Company continued to upgrade
           the “people + digitalisation” whole-process companion model and explored the introduction of artificial intelligence
           technology to create a “digital product manager (數字產品經理)”, forming a service system of instant response
           to customer needs for multiple scenarios to improve service efficiency and enhance customer experience. During
           the reporting period, the letters and certificates issuance business transactions of the Company amounted to
           RMB488.285 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.49%; the domestic trade financing business volume
           amounted to RMB1,204.238 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.48%.
           Based on the demand for upgrading treasury management under the multi-entity, cross-region and even global
           business model gradually adopted by enterprises during their business expansion, the Company took the Treasury
           Management Cloud as the digital service platform for enterprises, and developed the “Single Account Version,
           Standard Version, Professional Version and Treasury Version (單戶版、標準版、專業版、司庫版)” to completely
           cover and precisely meet the needs of treasury management and intelligent analysis and decision-making for
           various enterprises and users at different stages of development, with different size of business, under different
           management modes and with different roles, thus to assist enterprises in improving their efficiency in allocating
           financial resources. At the same time, the Company actively responded to the needs of large enterprises to
           accelerate the construction of treasury systems, built up the core functions of the Treasury Management Cloud and
           innovatively launched the “consulting + finance + technology (諮詢+金融+科技)” treasury service model, so as to
           deepen the cooperation with large conglomerates. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers
           of Treasury Management Cloud services reached 477,600, representing an increase of 62.15% as compared with
           the end of the previous year.
            The Company also actively explored the comprehensive digital services for enterprises under the scenario of
            “integration of business and finance”, and developed the “Payment Centre (付款中心)” for procurement scenarios
            based on the whole procurement service process, providing enterprises with full-cycle digital payment service in
            respect of integration of business and finance. As for the corporate sales scenarios, the Company relied on the
            “Corporate Cashier (企業收銀台)” to offer a omni-channel and whole-process unified sales collection service,
            assisting enterprises with digital upgrade of sales management. The Company developed and further promoted
            the digital intelligent finance solutions for various industries such as automobile, consumption, pharmaceutical,
            infrastructure and energy, and created branded services such as “Automobile Cashier (汽車收銀台)” to contribute to
            the digital transformation of the real economy. During the reporting period, the customers of corporate collection
            products reached 87,100, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.92%. The transaction amount of corporate
            collection products was RMB6.28 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.76%.
            Also, the Company continued to innovate the “Cloud-based H2H Connection” model to expand the breadth and
            depth of the connection between its digital platforms such as the Treasury Management Cloud and the digital
            systems of enterprises, which facilitated rapid access to the financial services of the Company by customers of
            mainstream SaaS office platforms. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers of the Cloud-
            based H2H Connection service reached 169,800, representing an increase of 31.93% as compared with the end of
            the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    67
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Cross-border finance business
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on the target customer group of cross-border business, improved
      product service system, aiming to become the “principal bank for settlement” for customers of cross-border
      transactions and the “global principal bank” for core customers by implementing operation and management and
      solidifying foundational capacity building. During the reporting period, the Company recorded USD356.887 billion20
      of international balance of payments for corporate customers, representing an increase of 4.90% based on the same
      calibre as compared with the previous year. In particular, the balance of payments for corporate customers under
      trade in goods amounted to USD173.814 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.92%.
      Centring on customer group acquisition and operation, the Company made solid progress in customer group
      construction. The Company established its marketing strategy led by segmentation-based management and
      supplemented by classification-based management and regional division, thereby consolidating the basic customer
      groups of trade in goods and consolidating our strengths in serving customers of trade in services and capital
      account. At the same time, the Company extended its service coverage by leveraging the strengths in providing
      integrated services at home and abroad to three major customer groups and scenarios, namely the global operation
      of Chinese enterprises, the foreign invested companies “bringing in” and the overseas capital market.
      The Company has fully developed the comprehensive digital and facilitated service system for the cross-border
      finance business and formed differentiated competitive advantages. In addition, it continued to improve its online
      service capability for the basic products, carried out the digital transformation of international trade finance
      business, launched the global cash management service system, deepened the segmentation and classification-based
      service mechanism in respect of international documents, efficiently operated the international business section of
      CMB U-Bank and the CMB Corporate APP, and developed a one-stop service platform for its cross-border finance
      business. During the reporting period, 107,206 customers visited the international business section of CMB U-Bank,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 98%. The total number of online transactions was 1.5 million, among which,
      the online replacement rate for key products was over 86%.
      The Company reinforced proactive management of risks in key areas and built the solid “first line of defence”
      for risk management of cross-border business. It also continued to strengthen the closed-loop risk management
      for products covering the full-life cycle, enhanced risk monitoring in key areas, further optimised the anti-money
      laundering process, and improved the ability to prevent sanction risks.
      Investment banking business
      During the reporting period, the Company accelerated the transformation of its investment banking business by
      building an all-round service system for corporate investment banking and stepping up its role change from a loan
      provider to a fund originator.
      With respect to its bond underwriting business, the Company strove to serve real economy-based enterprises in
      direct financing and asset revitalisation, with dedication in green finance and sci-tech finance. During the reporting
      period, the debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to RMB591.813 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.28%, ranked third among its industry peers (based on the data from the
      National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors). In particular, the Company ranked first by the size
      of perpetual bonds and sci-tech innovation notes, second by the size of green bonds and third by the size of asset-
      backed notes (ABN) among its industry peers.
      With respect to its M&A financing business, the Company actively served the industrial integration of real
      economy-based enterprises and built up the ability to provide systematic services in the capital market throughout
      the full-life cycle for enterprises. During the reporting period, the Company’s M&A financing business volume
      amounted to RMB193.348 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.71%, ranking first in both book runner
      and lead arranger in the Asia Pacific M&A syndicate ranking published by Bloomberg.
      With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company actively responded to fluctuations in the
      fixed income market, and continued to improve the product system, thereby enhancing customer service experience.
      During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of corporate wealth management products
      was RMB306.759 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 20.32% due to the redemption of bank wealth
      management products at the beginning of the year, with the reduction narrowed down by 6.41 percentage points
      from the middle of the year.
      With respect to its market transactions (matching services) business, the Company, in collaboration with licenced
      financial institutions, provided a diverse range of funding services in addition to bank credit, while focusing on the
      needs of customers. During the reporting period, the Company’s market transaction (matching services) amounted
      to RMB371.405 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.54%.




20
      The data for 2023 is based on the latest calibre of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange.
68   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Financial institution business
           With respect to financial institution liability business, during the reporting period, the daily average balance of
           financial institution deposits of the Company amounted to RMB565.449 billion, representing a year-on-year
           decrease of 14.79%. The decrease was mainly due to corrections in the equity market, the contraction of the overall
           bank wealth management market, business restructuring of the trust industry, as well as the Company’s refined
           management and control over the interest-bearing costs and its initiative to reduce high-priced deposits.
           With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository services were in stable
           operation. The Company partnered with 106 securities companies in third-party depository services and 16,618,000
           customers were secured at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 7.39% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. Also, the Company entered into cooperation with 144 futures companies on fund transfer,
           securing 423,200 customers at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 17.13% as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           Asset Management Business
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China
           Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM, and CMB International Capital all being subsidiaries of the Company, amounted
           to RMB4.48 trillion21, representing an increase of 1.59% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
           them, the balance of wealth management products under management by CMB Wealth Management amounted
           to RMB2.55 trillion, representing a decrease of 4.49% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of
           asset management business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.55 trillion, representing an increase of
           4.73% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of asset management business of CIGNA & CMAM
           amounted to RMB267.593 billion, representing an increase of 62.44% as compared with the end of the previous
           year; the scale of asset management business of CMB International Capital amounted to RMB113.466 billion,
           representing an increase of 8.77% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           During the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management promoted the efficient operation of the value cycle chain in
           accordance with the business strategy of “stabilising scale, adjusting structure and enhancing capacity”. In terms
           of improving its investment and research capabilities, it continued to build on its capabilities in terms of asset
           allocation and multi-strategy investment, while promoting the integration of investment and research, maintaining a
           reasonable staff arrangement in the investment and research system and continuous improvement in the conversion
           efficiency of investment and research results. In terms of increasing its efforts on product innovation, 20
           investment strategies highlighting quality asset allocation have been implemented based on market demands, which
           were well accepted by the channels and customers. In terms of enhancing investor experience, CMB Wealth
           Management increased the business hours for wealth management products to 24 hours, extending the daily
           cut-off time for redemption application of cash management products from 15:30 to 24:00, winning favourable
           recognition from customers. In terms of improving risk management, CMB Wealth Management strove to
           build a comprehensive risk and compliance management system in line with the rules of wealth management and
           investment following the principle of prudent and sound risk management.
           During the reporting period, following the “high-quality development” requirements of mutual funds, China
           Merchants Fund stabilised performance, expanded growth, improved capabilities, and upheld to the bottom line,
           and recorded steady progress under the adverse environment prevailing in the fund market. As of the end of the
           reporting period, the total size of non-money-market mutual funds amounted to RMB575.568 billion, representing
           an increase of 2.62% as compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of improving the investment
           and research capability, the organisation of industry chain research teams was optimised, the building of a digital
           investment and research platform was well on track while investment and research capabilities continued to grow.
           In terms of product layout, it insisted on deploying equity products amid the adverse environment, and launched
           as the industry pioneer the first hybrid valuation product, the shareholder return ETF of Central state-owned
           enterprises, the manager concession products and the first green bond index product, so as to satisfy the needs of
           investors through business model innovation. In terms of customer operations, China Merchants Fund actively
           promoted channel and customer base expansion, maintained steady operation of fund investment advisory business,
           took advantage of the opportunity arising from pension business development, further engaged in customer
           accompany and investor education, satisfied customers’ needs and realised stable growth in business scale. In terms
           of basic management, it strengthened value orientation, optimised human resource management, accelerated to
           promote the digital transformation, and tightened risk control compliance and operational assurance management
           to help boost the quality and efficiency of various businesses. No major risk compliance incidents occurred during
           the reporting period.




     21
           The total volume of asset management business of China Merchants Fund and CMB International Capital both included the data of their respective
           subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                  69
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMAM was positioned as a professional and stable long-term capital
      management institution, adhered to the “customer-centric” value orientation, fully integrated into the Group’s
      strategic layout, and strove to become an asset management institution with core competitiveness. With regard to
      the insurance fund fiduciary business, it viewed enhancement of fiduciary investment returns as the core objective
      and survival foundation to improve the market competitiveness of insurance products. As of the end of the reporting
      period, the scale of insurance funds under entrusted management was RMB144.963 billion, representing an increase
      of 33.15% as compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of product creation, CIGNA & CMAM
      adopted the approach of “upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新)” and conquered
      challenges to actively seek for new business growth points. During the year, it obtained the issuance qualification
      under the insurance asset support scheme, and has basically acquired the issuance and management capability for
      all types of insurance asset management products. Meanwhile, it steadily improved itself in handling the portfolio
      asset management products, and as of the end of the reporting period, it ranked among the top of the industry in
      terms of alternative insurance asset management products business. In terms of operation and risk management,
      it proceeded with high-quality ground work, established an efficient operation and management system, continued
      to improve the comprehensive risk management system, and accelerated the construction of digital infrastructure,
      with steady progress achieved.
      During the reporting period, CMB International Capital closely aligned with the Bank’s strategic goal of building a
      value creation bank by making active business coordination with the Bank and strengthening the linkage mechanism
      of investment banking and commercial banking to jointly propel high quality development. Notwithstanding the
      weak capital market in Hong Kong, CMB International Capital completed a total of 30 Hong Kong IPO projects
      during the reporting period, maintaining its leading position in terms of Hong Kong IPO underwriting business.
      According to the statistics of Bloomberg in respect of the market share of IPO underwriting in Hong Kong, CMB
      International Capital ranked third among all the investment banks and first among the investment banks with
      Chinese banking background as of the end of the reporting period. In respect of domestic asset management
      business, CMB International Capital has focused on the private equity investments business as the core business to
      consolidate its position in the industry. During the reporting period, four investment projects were successfully listed
      domestically and overseas by CMB International Capital. Additionally, it ranked the fifth for three consecutive years
      in the “Zero2IPO Group Top 100 Private Equity Investment Institutions in China (清科中國私募股權投資機構百強榜)”
      and was considered one of the top tier companies in private equity investment industry with the best performance
      among the banking PE institutions. In respect of overseas asset management business, three investment projects
      with respect to CMB International Capital’s private equity products completed their listing domestically or overseas
      during the reporting period, and two listed projects were successfully delisted through sound trading strategies.
      Meanwhile, CMB International Capital has made great efforts to develop monetary mutual funds business. During
      the reporting period, the issuance of USD money market funds by CMB International Capital was approved by the
      Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, which made the product become the Group’s first mutual funds
      product approved overseas.
      Assets custody business
      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB21.12 trillion,
      representing an increase of 5.28% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total scale of custody ranked
      first in the industry (data from the Custody Business Professional Committee under China Banking Association).
      Through perseverance with high quality development, the Company aimed to become the first choice of customers
      in respect of custody banks with core competitiveness. During the reporting period, the Company’s custody business
      reached a new stage of development. The custody customer acquisition capability and comprehensive service
      capability was continuously improved, and the custody brand influence was constantly enhanced.
      Firstly, the Company continued to optimise its business structure, with significant effect in high-quality development.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s asset management products22 accounted for 72.02% of its
      incremental custody size, surpassing the average proportion of the industry by 3.30 percentage points. Among them,
      the scales of custody of four key businesses, including mutual funds, insurance, pension and cross-border business,
      increased by 15.07% as compared with the end of previous year, 2.84 percentage points higher than the average
      increase of the industry.




22
      According to the statistical calibre of the Custody Business Professional Committee under China Banking Association, the custody of asset management
      products includes custody of securities investments funds, customer asset management of fund companies, customer asset management of securities
      companies, bank wealth management, trust property, private equity investment funds, insurance assets, pension funds, QDII products, QFI products,
      futures, etc.
70   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Secondly, the Company continued to consolidate its business strengths in various segments, delivering breakthroughs
           in key products. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of pension products under the Company’s custody
           totalled to RMB1.05 trillion, a new breakthrough exceeding one trillion. Additionally, the Company continued to
           rank first in terms of number of public REITs under its custody (data from WIND). During the reporting period, the
           newly offered mutual funds under the custody by the Company ranked the first in terms of number and scale (data
           from WIND). During the reporting period, the Company effectively took the market opportunity to finalise the
           custody of the first batch of cross-border QDII semi-conductor ETF and the first fixed-income QDII-FOF fund.
           Thirdly, the Company made active efforts in propelling digitalisation, aiming to enhance customers experience
           through technology empowerment. The Company kept on raising digital service capabilities, and developed a
           number of service platforms such as online customer service digital platform, “custody + bank and enterprise”
           reconciliation platform, “custody + treasury management” cloud platform and “custody + investment” cloud
           platform to broaden the boundaries of custody service.
           Financial markets business
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to build on its investment and research capabilities for
           proprietary investment and service capabilities for trading on behalf of customers, tightened up risk management,
           and strengthened Fintech application. While serving the real economy, the Company achieved high-quality
           development in various businesses.
           In terms of investment transactions, the Company adhered to prudent operation, actively studied and made
           judgement on the economic fundamentals of the PRC and the major overseas economies, the trend of inflation
           and the direction of monetary policy, continued to strengthen macro policy research and market analysis, improved
           proprietary investments research and analysis framework, strengthened indicator tracking and monitoring, optimised
           the portfolio structure, and enhanced investments returns. Furthermore, the Company continued to actively provide
           liquidity to the market in the capacity as a market maker, and continued to strengthen the comprehensive capability
           of market making and to enhance its quotation and trading services. Also, it closely followed the guidance of
           national economic strategies, focused on the national industrial structure adjustment, increased its credit bond
           investment in “specialised, competitive, distinguished and innovative (專精特新)” enterprises and corporate clients
           in area of new growth engines, thereby assisting the development of strategic emerging industries. During the
           reporting period, the transaction volume of RMB bond investments amounted to RMB2.79 trillion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 21.57%.
           In terms of business of tradings on behalf of customers, the Company continued to advocate the concept of neutral
           management of exchange rate risk to corporate customers, and helped the enterprises to fully understand and
           manage exchange rate risk in a scientific manner. Also, to fulfill customer needs, the Company provided solutions
           against financial market risks such as exchange rate and interest rate risks faced by enterprises tailored to their main
           business scenarios. During the reporting period, the Company provided hedging services to 6,285 companies with a
           total transaction volume of derivatives to corporate customers amounting to USD64.783 billion.
           In terms of digital transformation, the Company continued to promote the in-depth integration of technology and
           business, and continued to deepen the application of digital technology in its financial markets business. In terms
           of digital investment and research, the Company has initially studied and developed a multi-factor trading strategy
           covering bonds, foreign exchange and precious metals, formed a multi-dimensional investment decision-making
           system covering fundamental, policy and sentiment perspectives and achieved positive progress in the development
           of its self-developed digital trading platform. The monitoring signals of its self-developed bond investment credit
           risk management system were increasingly diversified, which effectively improved the foresight and effectiveness of
           risk identification. The Company accelerated the building of online platforms for business of tradings on behalf of
           customers, diversified online products, and enhanced the convenience of corporate business processing. During the
           reporting period, the Company provided online derivative trading services to 5,287 corporate clients, with a total
           transaction volume of USD22.661 billion.
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to actively perform its duties as a market maker, and
           successfully completed the first batch of standardised interest rate swap trading through National Interbank Funding
           Centre, and once again received the “Northbound Top Market Maker” award from Bond Connect Company Limited.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    71
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.10.3 Distribution channel
      The Company provides products and services via multiple online and offline distribution channels.
      Offline channels
      The Company’s business is mainly in the market of China, and its distribution network is mainly distributed in
      major central cities in the Chinese mainland and some international financial centres such as China’s Hong Kong,
      New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company
      has 143 branches and 1,781 sub-branches in China, two branch-level specialised institutions (a credit card centre
      and a global markets centre), 2,226 self-service banks, 5,281 cash self-service devices and 7,603 visual counters.
      The Company has a Hong Kong branch in Hong Kong, China, a representative office in Chinese Taipei, a New
      York branch and a representative office in the United States, a London branch in the UK, a Singapore branch in
      Singapore, a Luxembourg branch and a Sydney branch in Australia.
      Online channels
      Major online channels for retail
      CMB APP
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its core financial scenario services around extensive
      wealth management, focusing on the “people + digitalisation” service model, and continuously improving the
      customer experience of the CMB APP. It also innovatively launched customised wealth products based on users’
      needs and professional services to further improve the self-service model of online wealth management. The reach
      of account management services has been expanded revolving around the purpose of becoming customers’ principal
      bank of main accounts, thus improving the account management experience.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of users of CMB APP amounted to 207 million. During
      the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB APP reached 21,638,200. The number of
      monthly active users was 75,054,300 as of the end of the reporting period.
      CMB Life APP for Credit Card
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to further enhance the customer service and mobilisation
      capabilities of the CMB Life APP. Focusing on high-frequency consumption scenarios and connecting with quality
      partners, the Company enriched the online service ecosystem. Also, the Company enhanced interaction efficiency
      and customer experience with upgraded search, recommendation and other intelligent service capabilities.
      Furthermore, a series of marketing campaigns such as “618 Save Money to Spend (618 會省才敢花)”, “Exceptional
      Hainan (非常海南)”, “Cashback (筆筆返現)” and “Welcome to the New Year with Credit Cards (禮迎新年, 刷卡
      有鯉)” were launched, to build up and continuously improve the ability to mobilise large-scale online and offline
      customers.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of users of CMB Life APP amounted to 144 million.
      During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB Life APP reached 6,792,300 and the
      number of monthly active users was 41,975,500 as of the end of the period. In terms of user engagement, CMB Life
      APP was in the front rank among other credit card APPs in the banking industry.
      Network Operation Service
      The Company’s Network Operation Service Centre provides real-time, comprehensive, prompt, and professional
      services to its customers via telephone, network, video, etc. and applies intelligent technology to link such services
      with the processing interface of the CMB APP directly, making the services more convenient.
      The Company continued to enrich the service mode and provided a more intuitive service experience by means
      of images, videos, the same-screen services and other modes to solve complex operational issues. The Company
      optimised the response speed and processing efficiency in handling “business that are urgent, complicated,
      distressing and waiting for help“ by intelligent dispatch, which made the issues solved in a more efficient manner.
      The Company further intensified the customised service and warm service for elderly customers to duly fulfill its
      social responsibilities. During the reporting period, the remote online omni-channel manual service connection rate
      was 97.26%, the remote online omni-channel manual service response rate within 20 seconds was 92.52%, and
      the remote online omni-channel customer satisfaction rate was 99.10%. With “people + digitalisation” as the core
      driving force, the Company fully leverage on Fintech, continued to enhance the service level of intelligent robots,
      and provided the most suitable solutions for customers through intelligent dispatch.
72   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Smart Service System
           In terms of debit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company continued to optimise
           the intelligent service network of the CMB APP, and further integrated its artificial intelligence, intelligent customer
           service and remote consultancy service capabilities to launch the brand new intelligent wealth assistant “Xiao Zhao
           (小招)” with effective conversation and interaction features, which made it capable of providing customers with
           one-stop wealth management service such as financial analysis, product selection strategy and yield analysis, etc.,
           supporting for troubleshooting consultation for various business scenarios. Furthermore, “Xiao Zhao (小招)” can be
           also linked with remote relationship managers to provide customers with customised consultancy services.
           In terms of credit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company continued to push
           forward the digital and intelligent transformation of customer service for credit card business and improve
           development of intelligent service management system, so as to enhance comprehensive customer service
           capabilities. On the one hand, the Company managed to build a new-generation customer contact centre to
           enhance customer interaction experience and operational efficiency through continuous promotion of service
           channel synergy and digital services. On the other hand, CMB Life APP “Xiao Zhao (小招)” assistant, through real-
           time prediction of users’ needs, offered new accompanying service with the service image of “Xiao Zhao Miao (小招
           喵) “as the core, reshaping intelligent services and interaction patterns.
           Major wholesale online channels
           During the reporting period, the Company focused on the enterprises’ demands for digital transformation, adopted
           “Treasury Management Cloud +” as the main interface to deliver the “Enterprise Digital Intelligent Finance (企業數
           智金融)” scenario-based services, and transformed the comprehensive customer-oriented product services towards
           scenario-based turnkey (整車交付) solutions. Firstly, the Company built the Treasury Management Cloud (Single
           Account Version) to explore a batch operation model comprising online marketing, online delivery and online
           operation of digital products for corporate customers, making the treasury management services accessible to
           large conglomerates as well as individual start-up enterprises, so as to take the leading position in digital services.
           Secondly, with the two major service channels of CMB Corporate U-Bank and CMB Corporate APP, the Company
           continued to upgrade its channel service capability. During the reporting period, the Company launched the
           upgraded 6.0 version of the Mobile Treasury on CMB Corporate APP catering to the core needs of legal persons,
           executives and other key personnel of enterprises, and provided them with convenient treasury management service
           via the mobile terminals. Thirdly, highlighting core financial scenarios such as cross-border, Special Service Section
           for Specific Scenario, financing and wealth management, the Company built “Treasury Management Cloud + Special
           Service Section for Specific Scenario (財資管理雲+場景專區服務)” based on customers’ perspective. As of the end
           of the reporting period, the Company had 2,713,700 wholesale customers on the online channels, representing
           an increase of 13.43% as compared with the end of previous year. The coverage rate of wholesale customers on
           the online channels was 96.21%, representing an increase of 1.50 percentage points as compared with the end of
           previous year. The Company had 1,696,900 monthly active customers of wholesale online channels, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 11.68%; the total number of wholesale online channel transactions handled by the
           Company reached 412 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.38%; and the total value of wholesale
           online channel transactions amounted to RMB210.22 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.37%.



     3.10.4 Overseas branches
           Hong Kong Branch
           Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch of the Company is the first branch duly established overseas by the
           Company, which can engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses. With regard to corporate banking
           business, the Hong Kong Branch provides diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposit-
           taking, settlement, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A comprehensive solutions,
           asset management and asset custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond trading and foreign exchange
           trading with financial institutions, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution
           customers. With respect to retail banking, the Hong Kong Branch can provide personal banking services and private
           wealth management services for customers. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-in-one Card” and “Hong
           Kong Bank-Securities Express”.
           During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch optimised its business structure, focused on customer group
           construction, continuously innovated and developed featured businesses while expanding and strengthening its
           traditional banking business, and increased investment in quality assets by capitalising on the interest rate hike,
           enhanced compliance and risk management, and achieved stable growth in efficiency while maintaining good
           control over asset quality. During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch achieved a net operating income of
           HKD3.552 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     73
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      New York Branch
      Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
      U.S. since the implementation of U.S. Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is
      located in the global financial centre and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised
      by coordination between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the
      companies in China and the U.S. Such services and products mainly include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign
      exchange transactions, international documents, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, working capital
      financing, M&A financing, privatisation financing, fund financing, etc. At the same time, the New York Branch
      actively builds a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-
      added services for high-net-worth private banking customers.
      During the reporting period, the New York Branch achieved notable results regarding customer base expansion,
      origination of quality asset, and digital transformation. During the reporting period, the New York Branch achieved
      a net operating income of USD91.7710 million.
      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border finance
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch takes
      cross-border finance and wealth management as its core businesses. In terms of cross-border finance business, the
      Singapore branch strives to provide all-round one-stop solutions to the Chinese companies “going global” and
      the foreign companies “brought in” located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. The main services
      and products of the Singapore Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade
      financing, syndicated loans, M&A financing and delisting financing. In terms of wealth management business, the
      Private Banking (Singapore) Centre provided private banking products and value-added services with integrated
      investment and financing services, such as cash management, asset allocation and wealth inheritance to high-net-
      worth customers.
      During the reporting period, the Singapore Branch has practiced the strategy of “building a value creation bank”
      and broadened the range of its customer services focusing on strategic customers “going global”, while assisting
      the branch’s characteristic operation with regional advantages, to create value in diversified businesses. During the
      reporting period, the Singapore Branch achieved a net operating income of USD22.4820 million.
      Luxembourg Branch
      The Luxembourg Branch of the Company, established in 2015, is positioned as an important cross-border financial
      platform in the continental Europe, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop financial solutions to Chinese
      companies “going global” and the companies “brought in” located in Europe. Its main services and products
      include: deposit-taking, lending, project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A consulting, bond
      underwriting and asset management. The branch is also committed to building a business platform in Europe by
      combining the advantages of the Bank and European characteristics.
      During the reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch clarified its strategic orientation, optimised its customer
      structure, and cemented its business roots. During the reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch achieved a net
      operating income of EUR36.8897 million.
      London Branch
      Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in the United
      Kingdom among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop financial
      solutions to Chinese companies “going global” and leading companies “brought in” located in the UK. The main
      services and products of the London Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade
      financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans and M&A financing. At the same time, the London Branch actively builds
      a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services
      for high-net worth private banking customers.
      During the reporting period, the London Branch adhered to a value-oriented strategy by emphasising on origination
      of quality asset and building a value-based customer group, deepening business restructuring and optimising
      customer structure, and solidifying the foundations of risk and compliance management, therefore achieving steady
      progress in its overall business operations amid stability. During the reporting period, the London Branch achieved a
      net operating income of USD19.6287 million.
74   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Sydney Branch
           The Sydney Branch of the Company was established in 2017 and is the first branch approved to be established in
           Australia among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks. Based on the overall requirement of “steady growth,
           improved quality and efficiency, enhanced foundation, featured business and risk prevention”, the Sydney Branch
           adheres to the high-quality development path guided by our values and managed to get a foothold in businesses
           derived from China-Australia economic, trade and investment exchanges. The Sydney Branch focuses on the needs
           of the strategic customers and top-tiered customers of Australia and New Zealand, creating value for customers
           through providing two-way cross-border financial services. The main services and products of the Sydney Branch
           include: settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing, M&A financing and commitment business,
           project financing, syndicated loans and fund financing. At the same time, the branch actively builds a global service
           network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for high-net-
           worth private banking customers.
           During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch promoted the balanced business development with origination of
           high-quality asset. During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch achieved a net operating income of AUD58.3127
           million.



     3.10.5 Major subsidiaries
           The Company exercises the rights of shareholders in compliance with the law, keeps on strengthening the
           comprehensive control over the corporate governance, capital management, risk management, financial
           management and other aspects of its subsidiaries, and capitalises on the synergy of comprehensive operation to
           enhance the Group’s capabilities of providing comprehensive financial services to customers while achieving their
           own high-quality growth.
           CMB Wing Lung Bank
           Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HKD1.161 billion, and it is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. CMB Wing Lung Bank provides customers with diversified banking
           products and services, including retail and private banking, corporate banking and other banking businesses. CMB
           Wing Lung Bank also provides asset management and insurance brokerage services through its subsidiaries..
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HKD426.640 billion.
           Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HKD46.392 billion. During the reporting period, CMB Wing
           Lung Group realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of HKD1.605 billion. For detailed financial information
           on CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2023 annual results of CMB Wing Lung Bank, which is published on
           the website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).
           CMB Financial Leasing
           CMB Financial Leasing is a wholly-owned subsidiary established by the Company in 2008 with a registered capital
           of RMB12 billion. It meets the needs of lessees to purchase equipment, promote sales, revitalise assets, balance tax
           burden and improve financial structure through 10 major financial solutions relating to aviation, shipping, energy,
           infrastructure, equipment manufacturing, environment, health, culture and tourism, public transportation and
           logistics, intelligent interconnect and integrated circuit and leasing industry, etc.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing were RMB290.794 billion and the
           net assets were RMB33.111 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB3.675 billion.
           CMB International Capital
           Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong with
           a registered capital of HKD4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
           subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, global market business and
           structured finance.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HKD69.714 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to HKD13.146 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of HKD1.152
           billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            75
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      CMB Wealth Management
      CMB Wealth Management was officially opened in 2019, and its business scope includes issuing wealth management
      products, providing wealth management advisory and consulting services and other businesses approved by
      regulatory authorities. As of the end of the reporting period, the registered capital of CMB Wealth Management was
      approximately RMB5.556 billion. The Company and JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited hold 90%
      and 10% of its shares respectively.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management had total assets of RMB21.062 billion and net
      assets of RMB20.135 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB3.190 billion.
      China Merchants Fund
      Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund has a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As of the end of the
      reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45% of China Merchants
      Fund’s shares, respectively. The business scope of China Merchants Fund covers fund establishment, fund
      management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB14.151 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB9.325 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.753 billion during the reporting
      period.
      CIGNA & CMAM
      CIGNA & CMAM was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB500 million, and it is an indirectly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, which is owned as to 87.3458% and 12.6542% by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance,
      a joint venture of the Company, and CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, respectively. The
      business scope of CIGNA & CMAM includes entrusted management of client’s funds, issuance of insurance asset
      management products and asset management related consultation business.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CIGNA & CMAM had total assets of RMB920 million, with net assets of
      RMB713 million and a net profit of RMB108 million during the reporting period.
      CMB Europe S.A.
      CMB Europe S.A. was approved to be established in 2021 with a registered capital of EUR100 million (the Company
      made an additional capital injection of EUR50 million to CMB Europe S.A. in June 2023). It is a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of the Company in Europe and the regional headquarter of the Company in continental Europe. CMB
      Europe S.A. will be fully integrated into the Company’s extensive wealth management system and leverage its full
      licence advantage to provide its customers with diversified financial products and services such as cross-border
      financing, M&A finance, private banking, investment management, financial markets, bond underwriting, trade
      financing, and operates and allocates the global assets of enterprises and individuals.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Europe S.A. had total assets of EUR118 million and net assets of EUR92
      million.



3.10.6 Major joint ventures23
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2003 with a registered capital
      of RMB2.8 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in CIGNA & CMB Life
      Insurance and Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company held the other 50% shares. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      is mainly engaged in insurance businesses such as life insurance, health insurance, accident injury insurance and the
      reinsurance of the above insurances.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB165.340
      billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB9.855 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      realised a net profit of RMB429 million.




23
      The major joint ventures of the Company include CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants Union Consumer Finance, and their financial data have
      been adjusted in accordance with the accounting policies of the Group, where necessary.
76   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           Merchants Union Consumer Finance
           Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2015 with a registered
           capital of RMB10.0 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in Merchants
           Union Consumer Finance and China United Network Communications Limited held the other 50% shares. Upon the
           approval from regulatory authorities, Merchants Union Consumer Finance completed the registration of the change
           of its Chinese name from “招聯消費金融有限公司” to “招聯消費金融股份有限公司” in July 2023. Merchants Union
           Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the granting of personal consumer loans.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
           RMB176.421 billion and the net assets were RMB20.367 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB3.600 billion during
           the reporting period.



     3.11 Risk Management
           The Company adhered to a solid and prudent risk culture and risk appetite, and was dedicated to building a fortress-
           style overall risk and compliance management system. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the
           Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most significant bank-wide risk management policies
           under the framework of risk appetite, strategies, policies and authorisations approved by the Board of Directors.
           During the reporting period, the Company maintained strategic determination, and continued to increase its support
           to the real economy. The Company prevented and mitigated risks, consolidated management foundation, improved
           digital risk control capabilities, and continued to promote the construction of a fortress-style risk and compliance
           management system.



     3.11.1 Credit risk management
           Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform their obligations
           as agreed. The Company adhered to the concept of balanced returns and risks and the prudent business strategy
           in which risks can be ultimately covered by capital, pursued the dynamically balanced development of “Quality,
           Profitability and Scale”, implemented a unified credit risk preference, optimised the full-life cycle credit risk
           management process, continuously upgraded credit risk management tools, reinforced the construction of three
           lines of defence and strengthened risk management capability, so as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.
           During the reporting period, the Company closely monitored the macroeconomic situation, actively responded to
           the changes, rigorously upheld the bottom line and took a number of initiatives to ensure stable asset quality.
           Firstly, the Company has strengthened the risk management of domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries,
           established a branch-based risk profile rating system, put in place the framework and principles for risk management
           in subsidiaries, and further consolidated the risk management foundation. Secondly, the Company improved the
           risk management system, tightened risk management for its off-balance sheet business in strict accordance with
           regulatory requirements, optimised administrative measures such as the centralised system of credit granting and
           credit facility management over group customers, and consolidated the foundation of the risk management system
           for extensive wealth management. Thirdly, the Company carried out strict management in key risk areas, especially
           strengthening the closed-loop management in the real estate sector. The Company conducted risk screening
           targeting key industries and key customer groups and enhanced differentiated and refined risk management
           capabilities. Fourthly, based on the current situation with a long-term perspective, and revolving around the strategy
           of “dynamic rebalancing” of industries, regions and customer bases, the Company strengthened research on key
           industries relying on industry self-organisation, built on its professional capabilities, improved policy adaptability
           and promoted the implementation of “one branch, one policy” principle of list-based customer management
           for assets business, so as to optimise the asset origination and support the high-quality development of the real
           economy. Fifthly, the Company enhanced its efforts in disposal of non-performing loans, focused on key risk
           items, implemented different measures based on different categories, expanded the channels for disposal of
           non-performing assets, and improved the quality and efficiency of settlement, collection and disposal. Sixthly,
           the Company enhanced the application of Fintech, optimised the risk management system, enhanced the risk
           measurement capability and promoted the digital transformation of risk management.
           For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
           statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       77
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.11.2 Management of large risk exposure
      In accordance with the Rules on Large Exposure of Commercial Banks (        《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》                 ), large
      exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading
      book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net
      Tier 1 capital. The Company has incorporated large risk exposure management into its overall risk management
      system, continued to improve customer credit management requirements, continued to streamline risk exposure
      measurement rules, dynamically monitored changes in large risk exposures by way of Fintech, and reported regularly
      on large risk exposure indicators and related management work to regulatory authorities, so as to effectively
      control customer concentration risks. As of the end of the reporting period, other than customers with regulatory
      exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single financial
      institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards of large
      risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.



3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of political, economic, social changes and incidents in a country or region that may
      cause debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations to banks, or incur losses
      to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other losses to the Company in that country
      or region.
      The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness and
      prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile and
      complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to promptly
      identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk ratings in
      a regular manner and implement limit management, while guiding business to tilt in favour of relatively-low-risk
      countries or regions. Major matters involving country risk management strategies and policies were submitted to the
      Board of Directors for consideration and approval.
      During the reporting period, the global geopolitical conflict continued. In the face of increasingly complex and
      volatile international political and economic situation, the Company dynamically updated the country risk rating
      according to the risk changes, tightened the monitoring and limit control of country risk and strictly restricted
      the growth of business in high-risk countries. At of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s country risk
      exposure was mainly concentrated in relatively-low-risk countries or regions. The country risk would not have a
      significant impact on the Company’s business operation.



3.11.4 Market risk management
      The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
      risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
      Interest rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of various
      currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators, interest rate-
      sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure, monitor and manage the interest rate risk of
      trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses under the trading book,
      and are comprised of around 200 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves. VaR includes general VaR and stressed
      VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and adopt a confidence coefficient of 99%,
      an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress testing scenarios include
      the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and various unfavourable
      market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among them, the extreme interest rate
      scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavourable conditions of the market. Major
      interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the change in the market value of bonds and
      interest rate derivatives PV01 (when an interest rate fluctuates unfavourably by 1 basis point). As for routine risk
      management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses under
      the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board of
      Directors at the beginning of the year for which the Market Risk Management Department is responsible for routine
      monitoring and continuous reporting.
78   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           During the reporting period, the Sino-US interest rate spread inverted under the weight of continued interest rate
           hikes by the US Federal Reserve, with the RMB interest rate demonstrating an overall downward trend, while the U.S.
           dollar interest rate fluctuated with an upward trend and remained at high levels. The scope of investment in the
           Company’s trading books mainly covered RMB bonds. The Company generally adopted a prudent trading strategy
           and prudent risk control measures to ensure that all interest rate risk indicators of the trading book remained within
           the target range.
           Banking book
           In accordance with external regulatory requirements and internal banking book interest rate risk management
           policies, the Company has established and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk management
           system, clarified the interest rate risk governance structure and established the management process of interest rate
           risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting. The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap
           analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario simulation and other methods to measure and
           analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the
           distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities; the duration analysis monitors the duration
           of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets and liabilities of the Bank as a whole; the
           benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between different pricing benchmark interest
           rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such curves based on the benchmark-
           correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation is the major approach for the
           Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a number of ordinary scenarios
           and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move and the change in the shape
           of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible changes in interest rates in
           the future as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the future one year and the
           changes in economic value of equity (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario of changes
           in interest rates. The NII fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included into
           the interest rate risk limit system of the Bank. In addition, the internal limit indicator system is included into the
           standardised measurement indicators set out in the Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of Banking
           Book of Commercial Banks (Revised).
           Adhering to a neutral and prudent interest rate risk preference, the Company pays close attention to changes in
           the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure, predicts and analyses interest rate trends
           based on macro-quantitative models and experts’ research and judgement, prospectively deploys active interest
           rate risk management strategies and adjusts them flexibly. During the reporting period, the Company constantly
           monitored and analysed various interest rate risks, especially the gap risk in the context of the LPR downturn and
           the benchmark risk caused by inconsistent changes of deposit and loan interest rates, and adjusted the structure of
           assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and hedged interest rate derivatives off the balance sheet to manage risks.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s on- and off-balance-sheet management measures were carried
           out as planned, the interest rate risk level was controlled within the annual interest rate risk control target range,
           and various indicators including the stress test results were kept within the limits and warning values. The banking
           book interest rate risk was generally controllable.
           Exchange rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
           factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under
           stress test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk measurement and monitoring
           management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot prices, forward
           prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market value risk indicators comprise
           general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using historical simulation based
           on a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange
           rate stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every transaction currency against
           RMB, and changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major option-sensitive indicators include Delta, Gamma,
           Vega and other indicators. For routine management, we set annual limits on authority associated with exchange
           rate risks under the trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk
           appetite, business planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management
           Department to perform routine monitoring and on-going reporting.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     79
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      During the reporting period, RMB generally demonstrated a trend of “initially appreciation followed by a
      depreciation”, with an accumulated depreciation once by as much as over 5.5% against the U.S. dollar. The
      depreciation of RMB narrowed to approximately 2.0% towards the end of the year as the US Federal Reserve
      suspended interest rate hikes resulting in decline of foreign exchange rate. The Company’s trading book mainly
      obtained the spread income through the foreign exchange business on behalf of customers, and implemented
      rigorous internal control and management through a well-established and efficient management system, and
      closely monitored changes of limit indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-loss indicator. All exchange rate risk
      indicators of the Company’s trading book were within the target range as of the end of the reporting period.
      Banking book
      The Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test, and other
      methods for measurement and analysis of exchange rate risk of its banking book. The foreign exchange exposure
      measurement uses the short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation approach; scenario
      simulation and stress test analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for
      managing foreign exchange rate risk, covering the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and
      stress scenario, which include scenarios such as spot and forward exchange rate fluctuations and historical extreme
      exchange rate fluctuations of various currencies, each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit
      or loss. The effects of certain scenario simulation on the profit and loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit
      indicator are taken as reference in the routine management. The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on
      relevant model parameters on a regular basis to verify the effectiveness of measurement models.
      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
      foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for auditing
      of our exchange rate risk.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
      analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and
      proposed a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making.
      During the reporting period, the Company increased its efforts to monitor and analyse foreign exchange exposure
      and imposed a stringent control over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent
      about the exchange rate risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of foreign exchange exposure of
      the Company’s banking book was at a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company was generally
      stable with all the core limit indicators, general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit
      requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.5 Operational risk management
      Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, incompetent
      personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
      Company’s operational risk management will, based on the principles of cost-revenue matching and input-output
      balance, vigorously strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement internal control
      system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent operational risk losses with a certain
      level of cost. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors, the
      Company will, through measures such as further improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening risk
      prevention and control in key areas, conducting in-depth risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment
      and evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, further improve operational risk
      management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
80   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           During the reporting period, by striving for the goal of preventing losses arising from systematic operational risk
           and major operational risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. Firstly, the
           Company carried out the implementation of the new Basel III operational risk standards at the group level, took the
           contents of the Basel III reform plan as a benchmark, and further improved the level of operational risk management.
           Secondly, the Company strengthened risk prevention and control in key areas, carried out special investigation on
           agency clearing and settlement and other businesses and put forward management measures and suggestions.
           Thirdly, the Company kept improving the operational risk management system, carried out system platform
           reconstruction and development and data migration, launched the new operational risk portal system within the
           Group in a comprehensive manner, continued to strengthen the construction and application of system tools and
           accelerated the digitalisation process of the operational risk management. Fourthly, the Company strengthened
           the second line of defence of information technology risk and business continuity management, and carried
           out informational technology process inspection, external events analysis and organised business continuity risk
           assessment. Fifthly, the Company arranged for the Head Office, branches and subsidiaries to carry out centralised
           training for operational risk management and organising corresponding examination for the personnel holding
           relevant positions of operational risk management throughout the Bank, and issuing newsletters on operational
           risk management, so as to enhance the awareness of operational risk prevention at the Head Office, branches and
           subsidiaries.



     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company is unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
           timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
           management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
           more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
           and systems of the Company have satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
           Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
           management, the Company has established a liquidity risk management governance structure under which the roles,
           responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the
           Board of Supervisors, senior management, special committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure
           the effectiveness of liquidity risk management.
           During the reporting period, the central bank kept on adopting a prudent monetary policy, and the inter-bank
           market maintained reasonable and sufficient liquidity. Based on the analysis of macroeconomic and market trends,
           the Company dynamically quantified and forecasted the future risk situation, and proactively laid out the asset
           liability management strategy to achieve the balance between risk and yield. Firstly, the Company constantly
           promoted the steady growth of customer deposits with multiple measures adopted to enhance the origination and
           support of assets, constantly optimised the asset-liability structure, realising the smooth operation of assets and
           liabilities. Secondly, the Company strengthened forward-looking forecasts of liquidity indicators, flexibly carried
           out active liability management of treasury based on the operation of deposit and loan business and indicators,
           expanded diversified financing channels, stabilised the sources of long-term liabilities through bond issuance
           and other means. Thirdly, the Company strengthened the management of monetary market trading strategies to
           maintain sufficient liquidity reserves, actively conducted open market transactions and played the role of a primary
           dealer. Fourthly, the Company strengthened liquidity risk monitoring and management for business lines, overseas
           branches and subsidiaries with reasonable control of maturity mismatches. Fifthly, the Company continued to carry
           out emergency management, tested and improved the liquidity emergency plan and effectively improved the ability
           to respond to liquidity risk events through regular liquidity risk emergency drills.
           As of the end of the reporting period, all liquidity indicators of the Company met the regulatory requirements
           and the Company had sufficient funding sources to meet the needs of sustainable and healthy development of its
           business. In accordance with the requirements of the PBOC, the Company’s RMB statutory deposit reserve ratio was
           7%, and the foreign exchange statutory deposit reserve ratio was 4%. The Company’s liquidity indicators operated
           well. Deposits maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves were sufficient and overall liquidity was at a safe level.
           For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
           statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  81
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


3.11.7 Reputational risk management
      Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders,
      the public and the media due to behaviours of the Company and its employees or external incidents, which is
      detrimental to the brand value and normal operation of the Company, or, to the extent, be exposed to the risks
      involving market and social stability. Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance
      and the overall risk management system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses
      undertaken by the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company has established and formulated the reputational risk
      management rules and system by taking the initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and coping with
      any incidents in relation to reputation, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly fulfilled the requirements of the Rules on Reputational Risk
      Management of Banking and Insurance Institutions, further developed the reputational risk management system
      following the management principles of forward-looking, full-coverage, matching and effectiveness, and enhanced
      its capability of managing reputational risk. Firstly, by implementing the requirements of “stability”, the Company
      adhered to the reputational risk management concept of prevention comes first and strengthened inspection,
      early warning and prompting to reduce potential reputational risks at source. Secondly, the Company enhanced
      the precision and frequency of public opinion events, aiming to realise early intervention in public opinion and to
      stop the fermentation of reputational risk events. Thirdly, the Company established a mechanism to analyse the
      causes of problems at source on the basis of proper handling of public opinion, and promoted the improvement of
      operation and management by virtue of such public opinion. Fourthly, the Company strengthened empowerment
      and improved the reputational risk management abilities of branches and subsidiaries through online training, case
      promotion, emergency drills and other means.



3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material financial
      losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Company set
      up three lines of defence for compliance risk management comprising business lines, compliance management
      department and auditing department through the establishment of a reticulate management structure comprising
      the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors, the risk and compliance management
      committee, heads of compliance, compliance officers as well as compliance supervisors of the Head Office and
      its branches, thereby forming a compliance management organisational system with sound organisation, clearly-
      defined rights and responsibilities, reasonable work allocation and mutual coordination and collaboration.
      Meanwhile, through system management, compliance risk assessment and monitoring, construction of compliance
      culture, management of employees behavior and system building, the Company continuously improved compliance
      risk management techniques and optimised management procedures and established a complete and effective
      compliance risk management system to achieve effective control of compliance risks.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with relevant laws and regulations and continued to
      consolidate its “fortress-style” internal control and compliance management system through various measures.
      The Company effectively identified, evaluated and prevented the compliance risk of new products, new businesses
      and major projects, continued to strengthen the interpretation and conveyance of the new regulations, and carried
      out the internalisation of external regulations in a timely manner. The Company further promoted compliance
      culture, and carried out “Compliance for 2023” culture promotion activity. The Company tightened up supervision,
      inspection, rectification and accountability procedures by setting up inspection and supervision teams in the
      Legal Compliance Department of branches and assigning additional inspectors. The Company empowered digital
      transformation of internal control and compliance management with technology, laying a solid foundation for the
      high-quality development of the Company.
82   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


     3.11.9 Money laundering risk management
           Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be exposed to because of being used by the three
           types of activities, namely “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of
           conducting business and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering
           risk management mechanism, including a money laundering risk management structure with clear responsibilities
           assumed by the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, senior management, functional departments, branches
           and subsidiaries, an anti-money laundering system with comprehensive coverage, an effectively operated risk
           assessment and dynamic monitoring mechanism, scientific and reasonable anti-money laundering data governance,
           targeted management of customers and businesses associated with high risks, advanced and efficient IT system
           support, independent inspection and auditing, as well as continuous anti-money laundering training and promotion,
           so as to provide compliance guarantee for the Company’s stable operations.
           During the reporting period, the Company proactively fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and constantly
           improved the quality and effectiveness of its money laundering risk management. The Company optimised the
           money laundering risk management policies and procedures, and improved the anti-money laundering mechanism
           in strict compliance with the laws and regulations and regulatory requirements in relation to anti-money laundering.
           The Company continued to strengthen the money laundering risk management for customers and products,
           focusing on the identification, assessment and management of customers and products associated with high risk.
           The Company improved the tools for monitoring suspicious transactions and endeavoured to enhance the quality
           and efficiency of suspicious transaction monitoring and analysis. The Company continued to increase technology
           input in key anti-money laundering fields, and continued to promote the implementation of the Group’s anti-money
           laundering system in the overseas branches and subsidiaries, so as to safeguard the unified implementation of the
           Group’s anti-money laundering policies in the overseas branches and subsidiaries.



     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
           In 2023, against the backdrop of economic recovery, while facing the pressure of weakening expectations,
           insufficient demand and declining interest rate spreads, China’s banking industry adhered to carrying out sound
           operations, actively implementing macroeconomic control policies, increasing efforts to serve the real economy,
           maintaining a rapid growth of asset scale, while the net operating income was under pressure. China’s banking
           industry also focused on mitigating risks in key areas, maintaining stable asset quality, while holding the bottom line
           to avoid systemic financial risks.
           Looking forward to 2024, the economic growth of the Europe and the U.S. may slow down slightly as compared
           with 2023. Among which, the U.S. economy will still remain resilient, leading to a possible marginal fall in the
           inflation, and the end of interest rate hike cycle of the U.S. dollar with limited rate cuts.
           On the domestic front, the economic growth momentum is expected to improve and stabilise in 2024. The growth
           rate of fixed assets investment is expected to further increase, consumption will be steadily restored, and the
           momentum will return to the potential level. The export is expected to grow moderately. Macroeconomic policies
           will intensify counter-cyclical and cross-cyclical adjustments. Fiscal policies will be moderately strengthened and
           improved in terms of quality and efficiency. Monetary policies will be flexible, appropriate, accurate and effective.
           The innovation and coordination of policy tools will be strengthened to stabilise expectations, growth and
           employment, thereby bringing development opportunities to the banking industry.
           According to the current policies and economic expectations analysis, the Company plans to increase loans and
           advances to customers by 8% approximately and customer deposits by around 10% in 2024.
           In 2024, challenges and opportunities in the external environment coexist. The Company will maintain its strategic
           development focus, while accurately identifying changes, scientifically making response, and proactively seeking
           transformation. The Company will continue to promote the strategy of building a value creation bank with
           adherence to the development goal of creating greater value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and
           the society, insist on the development philosophy which “takes quality as the foundation and profitability as priority,
           while maintaining moderate scale and reasonable structure” as well as differentiated and characteristic development
           path, accelerate the establishment of a new high-quality development model driven by strict management and
           securing growth while upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新), so as to strive for
           a world-class value creation bank, and make contribution to the development of financial industry with Chinese
           characteristics.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   83
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      The first is to enhance the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy and to firmly adhere to the
      direction for high-quality development. By adapting to the shift in China’s economic growth momentum and
      the acceleration of modern industrial system formation, the Company will boost its support for key areas and weak
      areas in the real economy. Focusing on the sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance and
      digital finance, the Company will accelerate the systematic deployment and enhance the market competitiveness
      to achieve volume growth and quality improvement. Based on China’s national strategy to promote coordinated
      development of regional economies, the Company will promote the enhancement of service quality and efficiency
      of branches in key regions. In the course of serving the demand of the real economy and people’s livelihood, the
      Company will continue to optimise its customer structure, business structure and asset structure.
      The second is to push forward balanced and coordinated development of the four major business segments
      and to forge advantages in high-quality development. Adhering to the positioning of retail finance as the
      “comprehensive platform of the wealth ecosystem, ballast stone of asset business, driving force of the flywheel
      effect and pilot of value creation”, the Company will consolidate and expand the advantages of retail finance
      systemisation, and play the strategic main role of retail finance to a further extent. The Company will continue
      to develop featured financial services of corporate banking business, upgrade customer operation and service
      models, thereby enhancing differentiated competitive advantages. The Company will promote the improvement of
      capabilities of investment banking and financial market business and reinforce specialised, systematic and ecological
      services, while stepping up transformation and upgrading of the wealth management and asset management
      segment to accelerate the shaping of Malik growth curve.
      The third is to consolidate a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management system to strengthen
      the guarantee for high quality development. The Company will continuously improve mechanism construction,
      constantly consolidate the “Six All” comprehensive risk management system, strengthen forward-looking judgement
      of risks, and smoothly operate the prompt response mechanism from risk identification to risk disposal. The
      Company will also strengthen the prevention and mitigation of risks in key areas and weak areas such as real estate,
      local debts as well as small- and medium-sized financial institutions. The Company will enhance management
      empowerment, and carry out differentiated empowerment based on the actual risk management situation of its
      domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries. The Company will also intensify internal control compliance
      management, make increasing efforts to develop compliance culture and improve its management capability in
      respect of sanction and money laundering risks.
      The fourth is to uphold fundamental principles and break new ground (守正創新) and to enhance the
      momentum for high-quality development. Focusing on the needs of the nation and the needs of customers, with
      technology and talents as the engine, the Company will promote the generation, implementation and upgrading of
      more innovative achievements. The Company will continue to build a “Digital CMB”, and accelerate the transition
      from “Online CMB” to “Smart CMB”. Focusing on “technology + products”, “people + digitalisation” and “AI +
      finance”, the Company will accelerate the promotion of product innovation, business innovation, model innovation
      and management innovation, consolidate the existing advantages and create new advantages in more segments, so
      as to achieve differentiated and featured development.
       The fifth is to strengthen strict management and build on the capability for high-quality development. The
       Company will establish and improve a standardised, refined, empowering, systematic and scientific management
       system to create an intensive development mode, so as to provide guarantee for the construction of a world-class
       commercial bank with first-class management standards. The Company will carry forward strict and standardised
       management culture adhering to the principle of “all business activities must be governed by policies, all policies
       must be implemented with inspections, and all inspections must be followed by accountability investigations”, so
       as to strengthen management standardisation. By attaining to the broad and great while addressing the delicate
       and minute, thorough consideration and pursuit of excellence, the Company will strengthen its management of
       cost, assets and liabilities as well as subsidiaries, so as to enhance management refinement. By improving working
       style and transforming management concept, the Company will enhance its support and assistance to the frontline,
       so as to enhance management empowerment. By establishing systematic thinking and improving comprehensive
       policy implementation capability, the Company will balance its multiple objectives, so as to enhance systematic
       management. The Company will incorporate long-term principle, strategy orientation, problem orientation and
       objective orientation into all aspects of operation management, so as to enhance scientific management level.
84   招商銀行股份有限公司     第二章   會計數據和財務指標摘要
     2023年度報告（H股）



     Resolutely implementing
     ESG philosophy to make
     the beautiful world
     sustainable
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                             85
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

4.1 ESG Review
      The Company adheres to the concept of social responsibility of “originating from society and repaying society”,
      takes “being committed to sustainable finance, promoting sustainable value and contributing to sustainable
      development” as the sustainable development goal, integrates the concept of Environmental, Social and Governance
      (ESG) into the daily operation and management of the Company, constantly improves the sustainable development
      management mechanism, fully communicates with stakeholders, effectively fulfills corporate social responsibility and
      continuously promotes high-quality financial development.
      In 2023, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating remained grade A. In 2023, the Company achieved the social contribution
      value of RMB17.04 per share24 (calculated on the Group’s statistical calibre), and the total amount of external
      donations of the Company was RMB115 million.
      For further information on the ESG of the Company, please refer to China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Sustainability
      Report 2023 published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
      and the Company.



4.2 Environmental Information
      The Company keeps on promoting green finance and green operation and building a green home. During the
      reporting period, the Company did not have any environmental violations.



4.2.1 Green finance
      The Company actively integrated itself into the national green development strategy. During the reporting period,
      the Company released the “CMB Green Finance” brand, which is in line with the green development of the
      Company, with an aim to realise green value creation. In addition, it published the “Sustainable Finance Report
      under ‘Dual Carbon’ Goal” (  《“雙碳”背景下的可持續金融報告》                 ) to provide guidance on implementing the green
      finance business strategy. Moreover, the Company incorporated green finance concept into the main direction of the
      Company’s financial development, with a view to building a green financial service system to help achieve the “dual
      carbon” goal in China. During the reporting period, the Company further increased the provision of green financial
      services focusing on green deposits, green credits, ESG bonds, green wealth management, green investment, green
      consumption and others.
      In terms of green deposit and green credit, the Company launched innovative green deposit products, while
      increasing the funds allocation to the green sector, with a focus on energy conservation and environmental
      protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment, green upgrade of infrastructure, green services
      and other sectors. During the reporting period, the Company’s green deposits25 amount was RMB917 million with
      a closing balance of RMB420 million. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of green loans
      was RMB447.765 billion, representing an increase of 26.00% as compared with the end of the previous year. During
      the reporting period, the Company granted RMB370 million of carbon emission reduction-linked loans. During the
      reporting period, CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company, granted loans of RMB54.721 billion in green
      leasing, accounting for 49.67% of the total loans granted by CMB Financial Leasing, with a closing balance for
      green leasing of RMB121.500 billion, representing an increase of 15.31% as compared with the end of the previous
      year.




24
      Social contribution value per share = basic earnings per share + (taxes paid + employee expenses + interest expenses + total external donations)/total
      share capital of ordinary shares at the end of the period.
25
      Green deposit is a green finance product that raises funds for sustainable projects of green economy, helping drive the economic transition to low
      carbon, climate change adapted and sustainable development.
86   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           With respect to ESG bonds, during the reporting period, the Company issued the world’s first floating-rate blue
           bond overseas with an issuing scale of USD400 million. The proceeds raised will be applied to support sustainable
           water resources management and offshore wind power projects, contributing to water ecological protection, marine
           renewable energy and marine economic construction. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the
           Company’s existing domestic green bonds amounted to RMB15.000 billion, and the balance of existing overseas ESG
           bonds amounted to USD1.900 billion. During the reporting period, the Company served as leading underwriter for
           41 green bonds and underwrote RMB27.073 billion in those bonds. During the reporting period, CMB International
           Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, assisted 11 enterprises to issue 11 green bonds, with a fundraising scale of
           USD5.980 billion.
           In terms of green wealth management, as of the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 7 existing
           ESG-themed wealth management products from its agency distribution, with a balance of RMB3.718 billion. CMB
           Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, issued 4 ESG-concept wealth management products in total,
           with an existing fund size of RMB1.730 billion.
           In terms of green investment, the Company’s subsidiaries effectively practised the ESG investment philosophy.
           CMB Wealth Management prioritised the investment in green finance products such as green finance bonds, green
           enterprise bonds, green debt financing instruments and green asset-backed securities, with a balance of green
           bonds investment of RMB29.286 billion as of the end of the reporting period. China Merchants Fund insisted on
           taking social responsibility, ESG guidelines and “dual carbon” strategy as the main direction of product deployment,
           and constantly improved the product spectrum of ESG funds. During the reporting period, it focused on the issuance
           of China Merchants Social Responsibility Mixed Fund and China Merchants CFETS Green Bond Index Fund, the
           first green bond index product in the industry. As of the end of the report period, China Merchants Fund had a
           total of 10 existing ESG-related products, with an existing fund size of RMB9.321 billion, representing an increase
           of 154.53% as compared with the end of the previous year. CMB International Capital actively promoted the
           transformation, upgrading and sustainable development of the green industry, and invested in 8 green finance
           industry projects with an amount of totalling RMB735 million during the reporting period.
           In terms of promoting green consumption, the Company strengthened proactive marketing to customers in
           environmental-friendly and green properties, advanced the granting of green micro-finance loans, and proactively
           explored green consumption business innovation. During the reporting period, the Company issued the green
           and low-carbon themed credit card which is integrated with a number of exclusive rights and interests regarding
           environmental protection. The Company also increased its financial support to new energy vehicles, created
           the “e-second car purchase” green finance product, simplified the application process for new energy vehicle
           instalments, pioneered the dedicated service model for new energy business, and worked with new energy vehicle
           shops to provide customers with one-stop services from shop entry to vehicle delivery and vehicle registration, so as
           to facilitate green consumption.



     4.2.2 Green operation
           The Company continued to promote the establishment of smart service system. By strengthening smart service
           capabilities, enriching online services, and optimising service points, the Company provided convenient digital
           financial services to hundred-million customers to effectively reduce the frequency of customers going to physical
           outlets for business, thereby decreasing carbon emissions from customer travel. The Company encouraged credit
           card customers to accept electronic bills and continued to upgrade and optimise reconciliation across various online
           channels, as well as guided customers to check their accounts quickly through self-service channels. As of the end of
           the reporting period, with the proportion of credit card electronic bill reaching 99.57%, the Company saved more
           than 1.893 billion pieces of paper in billing during the reporting period.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                           87
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      The Company adhered to the concept of “green operation”, striving to reduce the impact of operation on the
      environment. During the reporting period, starting with sorting out our carbon footprint to identify carbon
      emission sources, the Company conducted a comprehensive inventory of all carbon emission sources of over 1,900
      organisations across the Bank over the past three years benchmarking against general international standards,
      and grasped the energy management mechanism and consumption of each organisation. The Company assessed
      the potential for carbon emission reduction based on the results of the inventory, so as to formulate carbon
      emission reduction measures. From the perspectives of energy management, water resources management, paper
      management, waste management and other dimensions, the Company implemented various emission reduction
      measures according to local conditions, and effectively promoted the green transformation of its operations.
      In terms of energy management, as of the end of the reporting period, the online energy management platform
      achieved automatic collection and real-time monitoring of the power energy consumption data of 54 Head Office
      and branch office buildings and 172 sub-branch offices. Through a series of energy-saving measures and continuous
      refinement of management, the energy consumption per square metre of the Head Office Tower was 118.98kwh/
      (㎡• a) in 2023, which was reduced to below the constraint value as published in the “Guangdong Province Standard
      for Energy Consumption of Public Buildings”, and successfully passed the assessment of “Three-Star Green Property
      Management Project” in Shenzhen. The Pinghu Data Centre in Shenzhen and Zhangjiang Data Centre in Shanghai
      reduced power consumption by about 10.82 million kWh a year through various measures such as AI controlled
      tuning of the chilled water system, use of natural cooling sources, highly airtight cold and hot aisles, intelligent
      speed-regulated operation of precision air conditioners, and intelligent lighting.
      In terms of water resources management, the Company earnestly carried out water conservation publicity campaign
      and water conservation sign posting; completed direct drinking fountain renovation in the break room and
      removed barrelled water; reduced the use of bottled water during meetings and receptions; installed additional air-
      conditioning condensate recycling equipment with the processed air-conditioning condensate as a source of water
      for the atrium pool; adopted infrared-detecting human-sensor faucets and water-saving toilets; and used high-
      pressure scrubbers and sweeping robots to sweep the floor of the plaza and lobbies to enhance the efficiency of
      water resource utilisation.
      In terms of paper management, the Company actively carried out daily paper-saving publicity campaign, advocated
      double-sided printing, adopted shared printers monitoring and other measures to reduce paper-wasting behaviours;
      reduced the consumption of all kinds of materials for meetings, such as disposable paper cups and tissues; and used
      big data and cloud storage instead of paper archives, and reduced the use of paper documents through system
      module construction. During the reporting period, through continuously promoting straight-through business
      processes and digitalisation of counter service agreements, the Company saved approximately 69.96 million pieces
      of paper, achieving energy saving and carbon emission reduction of 181.90 tonnes.
      In terms of waste management, the Company has set up various treatment methods for different types of wastes
      to ensure that wastes are treated in a timely and scientific manner. During the reporting period, the Company
      standardised the garbage storage sites on the office floors of the Head Office Tower to achieve full-process
      compliance management of garbage classification at the Head Office Tower; advocated the “Clean Your Plate”
      campaign and promoted the “Against Food Waste” work. During the reporting period, food waste for the five
      restaurants at the Head Office decreased by 9.81% year-on-year.
88   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     4.3 Social Responsibility Information
     4.3.1 Serving the real economy
           In promoting coordinated regional development, the Company took the initiative to serve the national major
           strategies for regional development by relying on the “One Entire Bank for One Customer (全行服務一家)” cross-
           regional synergy mechanism, improving the credit policy for industries with regional advantages, strengthening
           coordinated regional exchanges, and establishing green channels for major projects, so as to enhance the efficiency
           of services for key customers and projects in key regions, and to promote the economic development of key regions
           such as Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta region, the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle, and
           the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
           The Company took Fintech as the main direction of serving the real economy, further focusing on serving sci-tech
           enterprises and making significant achievements in Fintech. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance
           of the loans extended to the manufacturing industry of the Company was RMB555.102 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB111.250 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 23.91% of the total
           corporate loans, representing an increase of 2.75 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB375.097 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB72.774 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 16.16% of the total corporate
           loans, representing an increase of 1.74 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. As of the
           end of the reporting period, the Company served 140,800 customers of sci-tech enterprises, with the balance of
           loans to sci-tech enterprises amounting to RMB428.477 billion, representing an increase of 44.95% as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Company continued to optimise the top-level design for inclusive finance development, constructed a long-
           term mechanism for inclusive finance development and reinforced its financial support for private small- and
           micro-sized enterprises. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s inclusive small- and
           micro-sized enterprises loans was RMB804.279 billion, representing an increase of 18.56% as compared with the
           end of the previous year; and the number of inclusive small- and micro-enterprises with loan balance was 1,004,500,
           representing an increase of 13,800 as compared with the end of the previous year.
           The Company actively supported the comprehensive promotion of rural revitalisation by increasing its grants
           in agriculture-related loans to promote the integrated development of urban and rural areas. As of the end of
           the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB269.282 billion,
           representing an increase of 15.43% as compared with the end of the previous year, of which the balance of
           inclusive agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB17.821 billion, representing an increase of 29.73% as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, continuously directed the capital flows towards the real
           economy, especially to support the financing of enterprises in scientific and technological innovation, infrastructure
           and energy fields that are in line with economic transformation and upgrading. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the business balance of CMB Wealth Management’s wealth management investment assets supporting the
           real economy amounted to RMB1.88 trillion.
           CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, made full use of its differentiated professional advantages
           to provide corporate clients with comprehensive financial services such as sponsoring and underwriting of listing in
           Hong Kong, placing and rights issue of listed companies, bond issuance, asset management and financial advisory,
           contributing to the high-quality development of the real economy.
           CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company, fully implemented the integration of industry and finance,
           cooperated with a number of shipyards and local shipbuilding enterprises under the three major state-owned
           shipbuilding groups in China, namely China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd., China State Shipbuilding
           Corporation Limited and COSCO SHIPPING Heavy Industry Co., Ltd., and built a total of more than 100 ships, with a
           balance of assets of approximately RMB18.0 billion, actively supporting the development of shipbuilding enterprises
           in China.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                89
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


4.3.2 Support the improvement of people’s livelihood
      The Company is committed to helping solve the shortcomings in education, housing, old-age care, medical care and
      other areas of people’s livelihood, and investing financial resources in key areas that people attach great importance
      to.
      In the field of education, the Company will continuously provide agency settlement services for students with locally-
      granted student loan from China Development Bank for 5 years from 2022, including online account opening, loan
      issuance, identity verification for renewal application, loan repayment, etc., so as to build a full-process, full-cycle,
      omni-channel service system for the locally-granted student loan project of China Development Bank. During the
      reporting period, the Company granted national student loans exceeding RMB10 billion to over a million students.
      In the field of housing, the Company actively cooperated with various provinces and cities on the contribution to
      the housing provident fund for flexible employment personnel, assisted in the establishment of the contribution and
      loan system, information system and business process applicable to flexible employment personnel, aiming to benefit
      more people with housing provident fund system. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company cooperated
      with 22 housing provident fund centres on the contribution to the housing provident fund for flexible employment
      personnel. At the same time, the Company actively built AI intelligent customer service, intelligent approval platform,
      business fund management and other digital products and services, helping local housing provident fund centres to
      improve their digital and intelligent level of operation, service and management, and providing 7×24 uninterrupted
      services to employees who make contributions to housing provident fund. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      Company engaged in digital cooperation with 96 housing provident fund centres. As one of the banks cooperating
      with the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development on the National Housing Provident Fund Mini
      Programme, the Company served 6.12 million users during the reporting period.
      In the field of medical security, the Company promoted the application of medical insurance code and upgraded the
      service experiences, such as the QR code display by long-pressing the CMB APP icon, inquiries for designated medical
      institutions and designated pharmacies and account transaction notification. As the first batch of cooperative banks
      for the medical insurance API interface, the Company completed the development and launch of new functions
      to enhance online service capability of medical insurance for the convenience of the public. As at the end of the
      reporting period, a total of 24.9681 million electronic medical insurance vouchers were activated, serving 14.2350
      million insured persons.
      Please refer to section 3.10.2 “Retirement finance business” of this report for details of retirement finance business.



4.3.3 Accessibility to financial services
      The Company continuously iterated and upgraded the “people + digitalisation” service model, improved the
      customer service system and focused on meeting the financial and non-financial needs of people in areas where
      offline outlets are unable to cover by further promoting the service capacity construction of online tools, such as
      CMB APP and CMB Life APP.
      The Company adopted “control over total number of branches and optimisation of existing branches” as the
      strategy and policy of its domestic branches layout. During the reporting period, the number of business outlets
      increased by 25. The Company has now 1,924 domestic business outlets, including 128 business outlets in rural and
      county areas and 134 community and small-sized sub-branches. Meanwhile, more than 70 existing business outlets
      were relocated for optimisation to further stimulate the vitality of existing outlets, expand the service coverage of
      outlets and improve financial service capabilities.
      The Company paid attention to the needs of the elderly, disabled and other special groups. All domestic business
      outlets supported barrier-free services and deployed convenient service facilities, providing services for special groups
      by setting up ramps for the disabled, barrier-free access telephone signs, one-click call buttons, wheelchairs for the
      disabled and other measures.
90   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           For elderly customers, the Company provided convenient and caring services, and introduced a personalised service
           menu and service process in 95555 hotline to help them quickly access to manual service lines for the elderly.
           During the reporting period, the Company provided elderly customers with 252,300 telephone and text quick-access
           services, with a dedicated telephone line access rate of 97.23% and a customer satisfaction rate of 98.63%. The
           Company provided one-to-one same-screen operation guidance service for elderly customers in the CMB APP “Elder
           Version” to make service more intuitive and convenient. As at the end of the reporting period, the customers using
           the CMB APP “Elder Version” reached 1.0925 million.
           For customers with disabilities, the Company provided sign language service in visible counter service. The customers
           with disabilities can input passwords by themselves, then the special customer service personnel will verify
           information and provide business consultation and handling service in sign language.
           For customers working as Meituan food delivery riders, the Company, together with Meituan Financial Service
           Platform, created an exclusive bank card product for riders of Meituan to enhance riders’ sense of achievement.
           The Company optimised the account opening process and customer information inquiry interface, and launched the
           “New Citizen Financial Service” to enable riders to quickly search for convenient entries such as payment of utilities
           fees, and conveniently access to wealth management, loan, insurance and other services.



     4.3.4 Information security and privacy protection
           The Information Security Management Committee of the Company is responsible for the overall planning and
           organisation of network security and data security across the Bank. The Information Security Management
           Committee has set up a data security team led by the Information Technology Department at the Head Office, which
           is composed of the leaders in charge of data security and data security administrators from over 40 departments
           at the Head Office, to oversee and implement various key areas of data security. The Information Technology
           Department at the Head Office, as a leading management department for network security, is responsible for the
           Group’s network security management under the leadership of the Information Security Management Committee.
           The Information Technology Department at the Head Office, the Risk Management Department at the Head Office
           and audit departments at all levels assume the responsibilities of the first, second and third lines of defence for
           network and data security management.
           For retail customers, the Company attaches great importance to customer privacy protection and data security
           management, and actively implements national laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection
           Law of the People’s Republic of China to make every effort to protect customer information security. In terms of the
           acquisition and use of personal information, the Company adheres to the principles of legal compliance, minimum
           necessity, openness and transparency, honesty and good faith, quality assurance and safety protection, and further
           improves the security protection system covering the whole life cycle of personal information processing, as well as
           the treatment mechanisms for supervision and inspection of personal information protection, personal information
           complaint channels and others, and effectively implements the tiered and classified authorisation management
           of users, strictly controlling the scope of authorisation for personal information inquiry, strengthening the safety
           impact assessment and management on the use of personal information, standardising the approval management
           of personal information use. The Company regularly evaluated the privacy compliance of CMB APP for individual
           customers to ensure that the “Privacy Policy for Retail Business and APP Users of CMB ” and business practices are
           in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. At the same time, the Privacy Policy is published on the relevant
           service pages of official website and the CMB APP, through which the customer is clearly informed of the type
           of information collected and the use of the information. In addition, the Company conducts internal control and
           compliance inspection, strengthens the publicity and education on personal information protection, and carries out
           emergency drills on personal information security incidents, so as to enhance the awareness of personal information
           protection of customers and employees, strictly prevent the risk of data leakage, and gradually improve the
           management of customer information protection.
           For corporate customers, the Company has formulated the “Management Measures for Users of Wholesale
           Customer Relationship Management System”, which requires users of wholesale customer relationship management
           system (CRM) to properly use customer-related information in the system, strictly abide by relevant national laws
           and regulations and the information security management system in the industry, and strictly prohibit the disclosure
           to unrelated personnel; strictly control sensitive information such as customer contact information, account balance,
           account transaction, customer marketing trajectory, and authorise the use of sensitive information on demand
           according to different levels and classifications. In the event of data leakage that results in severe consequences,
           the relevant parties will be punished according to the internal regulations, while direct supervisors will be held
           accountable. The Company has formulated the “Operating Procedures for Outsourcing of Online Business for
           Corporate Customers”, which requires suppliers to safeguard the security of customer information. The Company
           will promptly terminate cooperation when customer information is unsafe or customer rights are affected.
           During the reporting period, the Company did not have any major incident of internet security, information security
           or privacy leakage.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                         91
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


4.3.5 Consumer rights protection
      The Company attaches great importance to the protection of consumer rights, fulfills requirements of various
      laws and regulations, financial policies and regulatory bodies for the protection of consumer rights, constantly
      strengthens the construction of the consumer rights protection system and mechanism, improves the complaint
      handling mechanism, increases the promotion and guidance of financial knowledge, increases trainings on consumer
      rights protection, and exerts itself to build the work pattern of “comprehensive consumer rights protection” to
      promote the high-quality development of consumer rights protection.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer
      Rights Protection Committee of the Company organised and held meetings to consider 17 issues of consumer rights
      protection, conducted one on-site investigation, reviewed reports on the development of consumer rights protection
      and the management of complaints, reviewed the annual work plan of consumer rights protection, supervised the
      management in implementing regulatory requirements, and continuously consolidated the management foundation
      of consumer rights protection. The management incorporated the guidance on the implementation of consumer
      rights protection work into the regular performance of duties, took the lead in listening to customer complaints and
      promoted the traceability and rectification of problems; reviewed the Bank’s problem and complaint analysis reports
      monthly and held special meetings regularly to continuously promote the Company to include consumer rights
      protection into corporate governance, corporate culture construction and business development strategies.
      During the reporting period, the Company further improved the internal assessment mechanism for the consumer
      rights protection, built a “one horizontal aspect and four vertical aspects” assessment system for the consumer
      rights protection, which will be included in the comprehensive performance assessment of business organisation
      horizontally and included in the assessment of the company, retail, operation, consumer rights protection and other
      lines vertically, so as to carry out comprehensive, objective and fair evaluation on the consumer rights protection of
      all business departments and branches across the Bank, and give full play to the pulling effect of evaluation.
      During the reporting period, the Company incorporated the concept of consumer rights protection into the design
      stage of products and services. Throughout the year, a total of 144,500 consumer rights protection reviews were
      completed, with a coverage rate of products and services of 100% and an adoption rate of consumer rights
      protection suggestions of 99.47%. The Company identified and corrected the potential issues that may harm
      consumer rights in financial products and services timely before their launch, and effectively played the role in risk
      prevention.
      During the reporting period, the Company firmly carried out financial knowledge promotion and guidance activities,
      increased the relevance of education and publicity, and improved the financial literacy of consumers through daily
      and centralised promotion activities. The Company innovated working methods and reached “massive” consumer
      groups through its own promotional channels with over a hundred million monthly active users. During the reporting
      period, the Company carried out 18,300 online and offline promotion and guidance activities across the Bank,
      reaching consumers for 555 million times.
      During the reporting period, the Company advanced its digital transformation of consumer rights protection,
      introduced big data and artificial intelligence technologies to optimise the complaint monitoring system, developed
      multi-dimensional data analysis reports, improved the ability to trace and rectify complaint and the ability to improve
      business value; revised and issued the “Management Measures for Customer Complaint of China Merchants Bank
      (Seventh Edition)” (
                         《招商銀行客戶投訴管理辦法(第七版)》                    ), further improved the diversified mechanism for resolving
      disputes and continuously enhanced the efficiency of consumer complaint resolution.
      During the reporting period, the Company received a total of 160,33426 complaints from regulatory authorities
      transfer, 95555 customer complaints channel, Credit Card Centre as well as other channels within the whole bank,
      of which 45.98% of the complaints were related to debit card business, 18.73% were related to loan business,
      18.19% were related to credit card business, 5.16% were related to agency businesses, and 11.94% were related
      to payment and settlement, foreign exchange, precious metals, personal financial information and other business.




26
      All of the above data excludes complaints in the account management, negotiated repayment, credit reporting and billing standards.
92   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


           The distribution by region is shown in the table below.
                                  Number of                              Number of                     Number of                 Number of
           Region                 complaints              Region         complaints        Region      complaints     Region     complaints
           Shanghai(1)                 38,847           Qingdao               2,847     Dongguan            1,388        Wuxi          762
           Shenzhen(2)                 29,396         Chongqing               2,676         Ningbo          1,343      Hohhot          750
           Beijing                     13,943           Chengdu               2,557         Xiamen          1,268     Nanning          712
           Wuhan                        7,093             Harbin              2,322          Foshan         1,227    Nantong           552
           Guangzhou                    5,231              Hefei              2,292       Kunming           1,221     Guiyang          520
           Nanjing                      4,927          Changsha               2,065         Taiyuan         1,169    Yinchuan          439
           Hangzhou                     4,509          Nanchang               2,054    Changchun            1,067      Haikou          391
           Xi’an                        4,353            Suzhou               2,012           Yantai        1,041   Quanzhou           374
           Tianjin                      3,755         Zhengzhou               1,997         Urumqi          1,014   Wenzhou            315
           Shenyang                     3,130             Dalian              1,905   Shijiazhuang            978   Tangshan           279
           Jinan                        3,036            Fuzhou               1,494        Lanzhou            916       Xining         167

           Notes:

           (1)      Including complaints from credit card users.

           (2)      Including complaints from Head Office departments.



     4.3.6 Human resources development
           In terms of recruitment management, the Company does not judge candidates on the basis of factors unrelated to
           their personal qualities and working abilities, such as gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion, family status, and
           stipulates that discriminatory descriptions such as image, gender, birthplace and marital and childbearing status are
           strictly prohibited in external recruitment announcements.
           In terms of remuneration management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration
           and benefits, and sticks to the notion that gender is not a factor affecting remuneration and benefits. The total
           annual remuneration of employees includes regular remuneration, contingent remuneration and benefits. The
           Company adjusts the salary standard of different posts according to the market situation and provides employees
           with competitive remuneration.
           In terms of career development paths, the Company has constantly improved a dual-channel development system for
           employees with management capabilities or professionalism, which has changed the single and narrow management
           staff promotion channel.
           In terms of performance assessment and evaluation, the Company has established a “performance + ability”
           two-dimensional performance assessment system covering all employees, and formed a full-process performance
           management system covering goal-setting, process guidance, performance appraisal and results communication
           through reasonable use of 360-degree evaluation and other assessment tools, which can evaluate employee
           performance scientifically and comprehensively.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                             93
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      In terms of employee training, the Company innovated a training system with different levels and types of trainings,
      adopting diversified training methods through a combination of online and offline training to meet the needs of
      employees at different levels for professional development and to promote professional ability building across the
      Bank. In terms of new employee training, during the reporting period, a new employee empowerment platform was
      built, 11 mandatory courses for new employees were introduced, and new employees were organised to go to the
      subsidiaries for field studies so as to deepen their understanding of the Company’s strategy. In terms of professional
      ability training for employees, the Company promoted the mechanism of “work permit”, expanded the list of
      professional qualification certification beyond the Bank, enhanced the professional ability of the training team,
      optimised various talent development programmes, and strengthened the reserve and cultivation of international
      talents. In terms of training for management staff, the Company formulated training programmes for senior
      management and middle-level and front-line management staff targeting on different levels and classifications of
      management staff, covering leadership enhancement, digital innovation and so on.



4.3.7 Rural revitalisation
      The Company continued to promote targeted rural revitalisation assistance programme, and formulated the “CMB
      2023 Rural Revitalisation Work Plan” (   《招商銀行 2023 年鄉村振興幫扶工作計劃》                    ) by focusing on the general
      approach of “pavement for education, healthcare security, industrial support, human settlements construction”,
      which defines the objectives, targets of the assistance and work measures, exploring new assistance ways with the
      times and consolidating and expanding the results in poverty alleviation.
      The Company focused on industry, education, medical treatment, ecology, talent and other areas that are related to
      people’s well-being. In line with the development plan of Wuding and Yongren counties in Yunnan, the Company
      focused on creating a new supporting model incorporating “products + platforms + cooperatives + farmers”
      and special brands such as “Sunny Yongren” and “Luowu Hometown” to help the development of characteristic
      agricultural products industry. The Company also helped improving local educational conditions, actively recruiting
      a team of distinguished teachers and increasing the level of education development. The Company increased the
      investment in medical infrastructure in the two counties, and established a sound medical service system; carried
      out the rural construction featuring “beauty of environment, production, life and culture” in seven villages; and
      organised various trainings to promote the construction of a talent pool for rural revitalisation and development in
      the two counties through talent assistance. During the reporting period, 65 projects were implemented in Wuding
      and Yongren counties in Yunnan, with a direct investment of RMB54.5800 million.
94   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     4.4 Governance Information
           The Company continues to promote the improvement of the corporate governance mechanism, improve
           the corporate governance level and adhere to the concept of stable business development and prudent risk
           management. The Company proactively steps up efforts to support the real economy, serves the national strategies,
           fulfills social responsibilities, and serves the transformation and upgrading of the national economy and the people’s
           aspirations for a better life with its own high-quality development. The core of the Company’s corporate governance
           mechanism is to adhere to the leadership of the Party, and integrate the leadership of the Party into all aspects of
           corporate governance. The key to the Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to the principle
           of president assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, the market-based talent
           selection and employment mechanism, and the remuneration incentive mechanism. The Company has established
           a complete system of discussion and management authorisation, whereby the president is responsible to the Board
           of Directors and the Board of Directors is accountable to the Shareholders’ General Meeting. The Company’s
           shareholding structure is reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviours are regulated. The Shareholders’ General
           Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management maintain separate roles and
           responsibilities, clear division of labour and close collaboration among them as well as checks and balances on the
           other, which provides a fundamental guarantee for the long-term, healthy and sustainable development of the
           Company.
           During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company proactively performed its relevant duties
           in inclusive finance, green finance, data governance, human resources, consumer rights protection and social
           responsibilities. The Board of Directors officially renamed the “Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors” to the
           “Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors” to strengthen its role in coordinating
           the fulfillment of ESG responsibilities. During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and its relevant special
           committees reviewed the “2022 Sustainable Development Report”, the “China Merchants Bank’s ‘14th Five-Year’
           Strategic Plan (Revised Edition)”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023”, the
           “Human Resources Management and Talent Strategy Implementation Report for 2022”, the “Data Governance
           Work Summary for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023”, the “Employee Behaviour Evaluation Report for 2022”, the
           “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023”, the “Report on the Protection
           of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2022”, the “2022 Consumer Complaint Analysis Report”, the full text and
           summary of 2022 Annual Report, the full text and summary of 2023 Interim Report, and other relevant proposals to
           ensure the implementation of development strategy, inclusive finance, green finance, human capital, and consumer
           rights protection across the Bank. The Bank continued to deepen the practice of sustainable development, and
           worked together with stakeholders to achieve high-quality development in pursuit of higher quality, more efficiency,
           fairness, sustainability and security.
           During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company studied and reviewed the “China Merchants
           Bank’s ‘14th Five-Year’ Strategic Plan (Revised Edition)”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2022 and Work
           Plan for 2023”, the “Data Governance Work Summary for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023”, the “Employee Behaviour
           Evaluation Report for 2022”, the “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023”,
           the “Report on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2022”, the “2022 Consumer Complaint Analysis
           Report”, the “2022 Sustainable Development Report”, the full text and summary of 2022 Annual Report, the full
           text and summary of 2023 Interim Report, and other proposals to supervise key areas including inclusive finance,
           green finance, data governance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, while focusing on the Board
           of Directors and senior management’s duty performance on the aforesaid issues, effectively fulfilling its supervisory
           responsibilities.
           For more details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter V.
招商銀行股份有限公司     第二章   會計數據和財務指標摘要   95
2023年度報告（H股）

Never change our original
inspiration
We are here just for you
96   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)



     Corporate Governance

     5.1 Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                 Shareholders’ General Meeting


         Strategy and Sustainable Development
                      Committee
                                                                                                                   Nomination Committee

              Nomination Committee                        Board of Directors          Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                   Supervisory Committee

      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee



     Risk and Capital Management Committee

                                                                                                             Assets and Liabilities Management
                                                                                                                        Committee
                  Audit Committee
                                                                                                             Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                                        Committee
       Related Party Transactions Management and
                                                                Executive Office of
         Consumer Rights Protection Committee
                                                                    President
                                                                                                             Anti-money Laundering, Sanction and
                                                                                                             Compliance Management Committee

                 Shanghai Audit Division                                         Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                 IT Management Committee
                                                   Audit Department

                 Shenzhen Audit Division                                          Xi’an Audit Division        Business Continuity Management
                                                                                                                        Committee


                  Nanjing Audit Division                                        Wuhan Audit Division          Digital Transformation Committee



                 Shenyang Audit Division                                       Chengdu Audit Division



                                                                                Fuzhou Audit Division



     5.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
             During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ General Meeting, reviewed 10 proposals and
             heard 6 reports, as further described in “Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings”.
             During the reporting period, the Company convened 19 meetings of the Board of Directors, reviewed 99 proposals
             and heard 23 reports; convened 41 meetings of special committees under the Board of Directors, reviewed 133
             proposals and heard 41 reports; convened 1 meeting between Independent Non-Executive Directors and the
             Chairman, at which 1 report was heard. During the reporting period, the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
             of the Company convened the 11th meeting (17 January), the 12th meeting (16 February), the 13th meeting (3
             March), the 14th meeting (22 March), the 15th meeting (24 March), the 16th meeting (26 April), the 17th meeting
             (28 April), the 18th meeting (31 May), the 19th meeting (19 June), the 20th meeting (30 June), the 21st meeting
             (4 August), the 22nd meeting (23 August), the 23rd meeting (25 August), the 24th meeting (19 September), the
             25th meeting (26 September), the 26th meeting (19 October), the 27th meeting (27 October), the 28th meeting
             (1 December) and the 29th meeting (28 December), with priority giving to reviewing the Company’s annual
             financial report, profit appropriation plan, strategic implementation evaluation report, comprehensive risk report,
             risk preference implementation report, capital adequacy report, human resources management and talent strategy
             implementation report, work report of the Board of Directors, performance of duties evaluation report of the Board
             of Directors and its members, work report of the President, the report on development of inclusive finance and its
             work plan, data governance work summary and work plan, related party transactions management report, consumer
             rights protection report, sustainable development report and other relevant proposals.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                             97
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      During the reporting period, the Company convened 16 meetings of the Board of Supervisors, at which 47
      proposals were reviewed and 25 reports were heard; and 10 meetings of the special committees under the Board of
      Supervisors, at which 15 proposals were reviewed.
      Having conducted thorough self-inspection, the Company was not aware of any material non-compliance of its
      corporate governance practice with laws, administrative regulations and the requirements of the CSRC regarding the
      corporate governance of listed companies during the reporting period.
      For details of the proposals reviewed by the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, please
      refer to the disclosure documents including the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the
      websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.



5.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ General Meeting, namely the 2022 Annual
      General Meeting held in Shenzhen on 27 June 2023. The notice, convening, holding and voting procedures of
      the meeting were all in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
      China, the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The meeting
      reviewed and approved 10 proposals, including the 2022 Work Report of the Board of Directors, the 2022 Work
      Report of the Board of Supervisors, the 2022 Annual Report (including the audited financial report), the 2022
      Financial Statement Report, the 2022 Profit Appropriation Plan (including the declaration of the final dividends),
      the appointment of accounting firm for the year 2023, the Related Party Transactions Report for 2022, Capital
      Management Plan for 2023-2027, the election of Mr. Huang Jian as the Non-Executive Director of the Twelfth
      Session of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank and the election of Mr. Zhu Jiangtao as the Executive
      Director of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank. For the relevant details of the
      proposals reviewed at the meeting, please refer to the 2022 Annual General Meeting documents, meeting circulars
      and the announcement of meeting resolutions and other disclosure documents published by the Company on the
      websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.

5.4 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                        Whether or
                                                                                                                                 Total           not
                                                                                                                         remuneration       received
                                                                                                                           before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                         received from     from the
                                                                                                                         the Company     Company’s
                                                                                          Shareholding                     during the        related
                                                                                                 at the Shareholding        reporting         parties
                                                                                           beginning of   at the end     period (RMB     during the
                               Date of                                Term of                the period of the period           in ten    reporting
      Name            Gender   Birth (Y/M)   Title                      office                   (share)       (share)     thousand)          period
      Miao Jianmin    Male     1965.1        Chairman                 2020.9-2025.6                  –              –               –            Yes
                                             Non-Executive Director   2020.9-2025.6
      Sun Yunfei      Male     1965.8        Non-Executive Director   2022.10-2025.6                 –              –              –             Yes
      Wang Liang      Male     1965.12       Executive Director       2019.8-2025.6            300,000        300,000         345.32             No
                                             President and Chief      2022.6-2025.6
                                               Executive Officer
      Zhou Song       Male     1972.4        Non-Executive Director   2018.10-2025.6                 –              –              –             Yes
      Zhang Jian      Male     1964.10       Non-Executive Director   2016.11-2025.6                 –              –              –             Yes
      Chen Dong       Male     1974.12       Non-Executive Director   2022.10-2025.6                 –              –              –             Yes
      Zhu Jiangtao    Male     1972.12       Executive Director       2023.8-2025.6            198,800        198,800         282.08             No
                                             Executive Vice           2021.9-2025.6
                                               President              2020.7-2025.6
                                             Chief Risk Officer
      Wong See Hong   Male     1953.6        Independent Non-         2017.2- (Note 1)               –              –          50.00              No
                                               Executive Director
      Li Menggang     Male     1967.4        Independent Non-         2018.11- (Note 2)              –              –          50.00              No
                                               Executive Director
      Liu Qiao        Male     1970.5        Independent Non-         2018.11- (Note 2)              –              –          50.00              No
                                               Executive Director
98   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
     Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                                                                                               Whether or
                                                                                                                                        Total           not
                                                                                                                                remuneration       received
                                                                                                                                  before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                                received from     from the
                                                                                                                                the Company     Company’s
                                                                                                 Shareholding                     during the        related
                                                                                                        at the Shareholding        reporting         parties
                                                                                                  beginning of   at the end     period (RMB     during the
                                     Date of                                 Term of                the period of the period           in ten    reporting
           Name             Gender   Birth (Y/M)   Title                       office                   (share)       (share)     thousand)          period
           Tian Hongqi      Male     1957.5        Independent Non-          2019.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00              No
                                                     Executive Director
           Li Chaoxian      Male     1958.9        Independent Non-          2021.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00              No
                                                     Executive Director
           Shi Yongdong     Male     1968.11       Independent Non-          2021.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00              No
                                                     Executive Director
           Luo Sheng        Male     1970.9        Shareholder Supervisor    2022.6-2025.6                  –              –              –             Yes
           Wu Heng          Male     1976.8        Shareholder Supervisor    2016.6-2025.6                  –              –              –             Yes
           Xu Zhengjun      Male     1955.9        External Supervisor       2019.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
           Cai Hongping     Male     1954.12       External Supervisor       2022.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
           Zhang Xiang      Male     1963.12       External Supervisor       2022.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
           Cai Jin          Female   1970.7        Employee Supervisor       2021.12- (Note 3)        133,150        169,550         162.69             No
           Cao Jian         Male     1970.10       Employee Supervisor       2023.3-2025.6            127,000        158,400         129.42             No
           Yang Sheng       Male     1972.8        Employee Supervisor       2023.6-2025.6            157,700        197,700          96.66             No
           Wang Yungui      Male     1963.6        Executive Vice            2019.6-2025.6            210,000        210,000         286.89             No
                                                     President
           Zhao Weipeng     Male     1972.3        Secretary of the          2023.8-present                 –         56,800         112.28              No
                                                     Party Discipline
                                                     Committee
           Zhong Desheng    Male     1967.7        Executive Vice            2023.10-2025.6           177,300        177,300         262.59              No
                                                     President
           Wang Xiaoqing    Male     1971.10       Executive Vice            2023.7-2025.6                  –         62,000         123.17              No
                                                     President
           Wang Ying        Female   1972.11       Executive Vice            2023.11-2025.6           200,000        230,000         241.46              No
                                                     President
           Peng Jiawen      Male     1969.5        Executive Vice            2023.11-2025.6           167,700        221,900         240.52              No
                                                     President
                                                   Chief Financial Officer   2023.2-2025.6
                                                   Secretary of the Board    2023.6-2025.6
                                                     of Directors
           Lei Caihua       Male     1974.9        Executive Assistant       2023.11-present          197,700        264,400          14.91              No
                                                     President
           Xu Mingjie       Male     1968.9        Executive Assistant       2023.11-present          160,000        200,000          14.85              No
                                                     President
           Jiang Chaoyang   Male     1967.12       Chief Information         2019.11-present          198,100        232,400         276.78              No
                                                     Officer
           Hu Jianhua       Male     1962.11       Former Non-Executive      2022.10-2024.1                 –              –               –            Yes
                                                     Director
           Hong Xiaoyuan    Male     1963.3        Former Non-Executive      2007.6-2024.1                  –              –               –            Yes
                                                     Director
           Su Min           Female   1968.2        Former Non-Executive      2014.9-2023.3                  –              –               –            Yes
                                                     Director
           Xiong Liangjun   Male     1963.2        Former Chairman           2021.8-2023.6            240,000        240,000         187.04              No
                                                     of the Board
                                                     of Supervisors,
                                                     Employee Supervisor
           Peng Bihong      Male     1963.10       Former Shareholder        2019.6-2024.1                  –              –               –            Yes
                                                     Supervisor
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                         99
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                                                                                                 Whether or
                                                                                                                                          Total           not
                                                                                                                                  remuneration       received
                                                                                                                                    before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                                  received from     from the
                                                                                                                                  the Company     Company’s
                                                                                                 Shareholding                       during the        related
                                                                                                        at the Shareholding          reporting         parties
                                                                                                  beginning of   at the end       period (RMB     during the
                                       Date of                                Term of               the period of the period             in ten    reporting
      Name                Gender       Birth (Y/M)   Title                      office                  (share)       (share)       thousand)          period
      Wang Wanqing        Male         1964.9        Former Employee          2018.7-2023.3           183,000          191,800           59.35              No
                                                       Supervisor
      Wang Jianzhong      Male         1962.10       Former Executive Vice    2019.4-2023.2           240,200          240,200           55.57              No
                                                       President
      Shi Shunhua         Male         1962.12       Former Executive Vice    2019.4-2023.2           245,000          245,000           55.23              No
                                                       President
      Li Delin            Male         1974.12       Former Executive Vice    2021.3-2023.7           204,400          204,400          168.89              No
                                                       President
      Xiong Kai           Male         1971.4        Former Secretary of      2021.7-2023.7           225,600          225,600          187.14              No
                                                       the Party Discipline
                                                       Committee

      Notes:

      (1)   Mr. Wong See Hong has tendered his resignation as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board of Directors of the Company due to
            expiry of his term of office. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association of
            the Company, the resignation of Mr. Wong See Hong will become effective upon the election of a new Independent Non-Executive Director at the
            Shareholders’ General Meeting of the Company followed by the approval of the qualifications of the new Independent Non-Executive Director by
            the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) to fill the vacancy.

      (2)   According to the Management Measures for the Independent Directors of Listed Companies , the term of office of Independent Directors shall not
            exceed six years. Therefore, the actual term of office of the Independent Directors, Mr. Li Menggang and Mr. Liu Qiao, will expire earlier than the
            expiration time of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company.

      (3)   Ms. Cai Jin has tendered her resignation as an Employee Supervisor to the Board of Supervisors of the Company due to her age. In accordance with
            the relevant laws and regulations and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company, the resignation of Ms. Cai Jin will
            become effective upon the election of a new Employee Supervisor by the Employee Representative Meeting of the Company to fill the vacancy.

      (4)   The remuneration received by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were newly appointed or resigned during the reporting
            period was calculated based on the length of their terms of office as the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company during the
            reporting period.

      (5)   The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the Company
            is still being verified. The remaining part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and payment.

      (6)   As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A Shares in the Company; the spouse of Mr. Yang Sheng held
            143,300 A Shares in the Company; and Ms. Cai Jin held 169,550 shares in the Company, which consisted of 165,000 A Shares and 4,550 H Shares.
            The shares held by others listed in the above table were all A Shares. The changes in the shareholding of the people listed in the above table during
            the reporting period were all resulting from shareholding increase.

      (7)   None of the people listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s) over the past three years.

      (8)   None of the people listed in the above table holds any share options of the Company or has been granted any of its restricted shares.
100   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.4.1 New appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior
            management
            Directors
            In March 2023, Ms. Su Min ceased to be a Non-Executive Director of the Company due to reaching the retirement
            age.
            In June 2023, according to the resolutions passed at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Zhu
            Jiangtao was elected as the Executive Director of the Company, whose qualification as the Director was approved
            by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) in August 2023, and Mr. Huang Jian was elected as
            the Non-Executive Director of the Company, and his qualification as the Director is subject to the approval of the
            National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA).
            In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Company due
            to their age.
            Supervisors
            In March 2023, Mr. Cao Jian was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Company by the Employee
            Representative Meeting of the Company. Mr. Wang Wanqing ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Company
            due to his age.
            In June 2023, Mr. Yang Sheng was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Company by the Employee
            Representative Meeting of the Company. Mr. Xiong Liangjun ceased to be the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
            and Employee Supervisor of the Company due to his age.
            In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to change of work
            arrangement.
            Senior management
            In January 2023, Mr. Zhong Desheng and Mr. Wang Xiaoqing were appointed as Executive Vice Presidents of
            the Company at the 11th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and their
            qualifications as the Executive Vice Presidents were approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration
            (NFRA) in October and July 2023, respectively.
            In February 2023, Mr. Wang Jianzhong and Mr. Shi Shunhua ceased to be the Executive Vice Presidents of the
            Company due to reaching the retirement age.
            In February 2023, Mr. Peng Jiawen was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the 12th
            meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Wang Liang ceased to concurrently
            serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company due to the change in assignment in the Bank.
            In February 2023, the qualifications of Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Peng Jiawen as the Executive Assistant Presidents
            were approved by the former CBIRC.
            In April 2023, Mr. Peng Jiawen was appointed as the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company at the 17th
            meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Wang Liang ceased to concurrently
            serve as the Secretary of the Board of the Company due to the change in assignment in the Bank. In June 2023, the
            qualification of Mr. Peng Jiawen as the Secretary of the Board of Directors was approved by the National Financial
            Regulatory Administration (NFRA).
            In July 2023, Mr. Li Delin ceased to be the Executive Vice President of the Company due to change of work
            arrangement.
            In July 2023, Mr. Xiong Kai ceased to be the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company due to
            change of work arrangement.
            In August 2023, Mr. Zhao Weipeng was appointed as the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee.
            In September 2023, Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Peng Jiawen were appointed as the Executive Vice Presidents of the
            Company at the 24th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. In November
            2023, their qualifications as the Executive Vice Presidents were approved by the National Financial Regulatory
            Administration (NFRA), respectively.
            In November 2023, the qualifications of Mr. Lei Caihua and Mr. Xu Mingjie as the Executive Assistant Presidents
            were approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), respectively.
            For details of the new appointments and resignations on Directors, Supervisors and senior management, please refer
            to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong
            Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                 101
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


5.4.2 Changes in information of Directors and Supervisors
      1.     Mr. Wang Liang concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation
             Limited, and ceased to concurrently serve as the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of
             Directors of the Company.
      2.     Mr. Zhou Song serves as the Chief Accountant of China National Petroleum Corporation, and ceased to serve
             as the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd..
      3.     Mr. Zhang Jian concurrently serves as the Non-Executive Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a
             company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and the Vice Chairman of
             China Merchants Capital Investment Co., Ltd..
      4.     Mr. Li Menggang serves as the Director of the China Centre for Industrial Security Research, and ceased to
             concurrently serve as the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the Expert Committee of China Human
             Resource Development Association and the Director of the Human Capital Institute.
      5.     Ms. Cai Jin serves as the Inspector of the Head Office of the Company and ceased to serve as the Director of
             the Labour Union of the Head Office of the Company.



5.4.3 Current positions held by Directors and Supervisors in the shareholders ’
      companies
      Name             Name of company                Major title                             Term of office
      Miao Jianmin     China Merchants Group Ltd.     Chairman                                From July 2020 up to now
      Sun Yunfei       China COSCO Shipping           Deputy General Manager and Chief        From August 2018 up to
                         Corporation Limited            Accountant                              now
      Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.     Chief Accountant                        From October 2018 to
                                                                                                December 2023
      Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.     Chief Digital Officer and Director of   From January 2019 up to
                                                        Digital Centre                          now
                       China Merchants Financial      Deputy General Manager                  From September 2022 up
                         Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                     to now
      Chen Dong        China COSCO Shipping           General Manager of Financial            From September 2016 up
                         Corporation Limited           Management Headquarter                   to now
      Luo Sheng        Dajia Insurance Group Co.,     Deputy General Manager                  From September 2020 up
                         Ltd.                                                                   to now
      Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation         General Manager of Finance Affairs      From August 2019 up to
                         Limited                       Department                               now
102   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.4.4 Biography and positions of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctoral
            degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He is an
            alternate member of the nineteenth and twentieth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao
            is Chairman of China Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as Chairman of China Merchants Financial
            Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融控股有限公司) and Chairman of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited.
            Mr. Miao was an Executive Director and the Deputy General Manager of China Insurance (Group) Limited Company
            in Hong Kong, the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Chairman of The
            People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and the
            Chairman of PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).
            Mr. Sun Yunfei is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is a senior economist (researcher level) with a
            master’s degree in Business Administration from the School of Management of Fudan University. He currently serves
            as the Deputy General Manager and Chief Accountant of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He served
            as the Deputy Chief of the Economic Planning and Statistics Division, the Director of the Planning Department and
            the Deputy Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipyard (滬東造船廠), Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipbuilding (Group)
            Co., Ltd. (滬東造船(集團)有限公司), Director and Chief Financial Officer of Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding (Group)
            Co., Ltd., Deputy Chief Accountant and Chief Accountant at China State Shipbuilding Corporation, Deputy General
            Manager of China State Shipbuilding Corporation, etc.
            Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Wang
            obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin University of China. He is a senior economist. He joined
            the Company in June 1995 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager, Deputy General Manager
            and General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Bank. He successively served as the Executive Assistant President,
            Executive Vice President and First Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2012, and started to preside
            over overall business of the Company since 18 April 2022. He has been the President of the Bank since 15 June
            2022. He concurrently serves as the Company’s authorised representative in charge of matters in relation to listing
            in Hong Kong, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited, the Chairman of CMB
            International Capital Corporation Limited, Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, Vice Chairman of Merchants Union
            Consumer Finance Company Limited, Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., Vice President of
            the Payment & Clearing Association of China, a Director of the Fourth Session of the Professional Committee for
            Intermediate Business of China Banking Association and Executive Director of the Sixth Session of the Financial
            Accounting Society of China, and a Deputy of the 14th Guangdong Provincial People’s Congress. He had served as
            the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary of the Board of Directors, and Company Secretary of the Company.
            Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhou obtained a master’s degree of World
            Economics from Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China National Petroleum Corporation, and
            concurrently a Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., the Chairman of Shenzhen China Merchants
            Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司), the Chairman of China Merchants
            Group Finance Co., Ltd. (招商局集團財務有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants Investment Development Co.,
            Ltd. (招商局投資發展有限公司), the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants Shekou Industrial
            Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of China Merchants
            Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd.. He was the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance
            Department of the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, the Deputy General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the
            Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of
            the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor of China Merchants Bank, the Business Director and General Manager of
            the Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office, the President of the General Office of the
            Financial Institution Business and concurrently the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of the
            Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of the General Office of Investment Banking
            and Financial Market Business and concurrently the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of the
            Head Office, the Business Director of the Head Office, and the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd..
            Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
            and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
            from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
            Merchants Group Ltd., the Director of the Digital Centre, the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial
            Holdings Co., Ltd. and a Director of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited. He concurrently serves
            as the Non-Executive Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                      103
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China Merchants Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (招商局融
      資租賃有限公司) and the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investment Co., Ltd.. He served as a General
      Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants Group Ltd., a Deputy General Manager of China Merchants
      Finance Holdings Company Limited, a Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China
      Merchants Financial Group/Platform, a Director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited, and the Non-
      Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (a
      company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Chen Dong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is a senior accountant with a master’s degree in
      Economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He currently serves as the General Manager of the
      Financial Management Division of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He concurrently serves as a Director
      of COSCO SHIPPING Specialized Carriers Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), COSCO
      SHIPPING International (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and COSCO
      SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). He served as Assistant Director and
      Deputy General Manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of China Shipping Development Co., Ltd.
      Tanker Company, Deputy Director of Risk Control Centre of Enterprise Management Department, Deputy Director
      of Risk Control Department of Accounting and Finance Department, Deputy Director of Finance Department, Senior
      Manager of Finance and Tax Management Office of Finance Department, Assistant General Manager and Deputy
      General Manager of Finance Department of China Shipping (Group) Company and Deputy General Manager of the
      Financial Management Division of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, etc.
      Mr. Zhu Jiangtao is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. Mr.
      Zhu holds a master’s degree in Economics. He is a senior economist. He joined the Company in January 2003. He
      successively served as Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, General
      Manager of Chongqing Branch, General Manager of Credit Risk Management Department of the Company, General
      Manager of Risk Management Department of the Company between December 2007 and July 2020. He served
      as Chief Risk Officer of the Company from July 2020. He has been Executive Vice President of the Company since
      September 2021.
      Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
      Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctorate degree in Transformational
      Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
      Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司), Frasers Property Limited (a company listed on the
      Singapore Stock Exchange) and EC World Asset Management Private Limited and a member of the Financial
      Management Commission of the Hong Kong Administration Society (香港管理學會財務管理委員會). He previously
      served as the Deputy Chief Executive of BOCHK, the head, Managing Director and President for the Southeast
      Asia region, and the head of the Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管) of ABN AMRO
      Bank, a Director of Bank of China Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC Group
      Trustee Company Limited, the Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK Asset
      Management Limited, a member of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s Office
      Singapore (新加坡總理辦公室公務員學院), and a member of the Client Consulting Commission (客戶諮詢委員會) of
      Thomson Reuters.
      Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree
      in Economics and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical
      Economics from Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing
      Jiaotong University, the Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the
      Director of the China Centre for Industrial Security Research, the Director of Beijing Laboratory of National Economic
      Security Pre-Warning Project and the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects of the National Social Science Fund. He
      concurrently serves as the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology Award Foundation (光
      華工程科技獎勵基金會). He served as an Independent Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group) Joint-stock Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director of Yuxing InfoTech
      Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Professional
      Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
      Engineers (IEEE), an Independent Director of Hunan Copote Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
      Exchange), and an Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), the Deputy Director of the Independent Board
      Committee of China Association for Public Companies, the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the Expert
      Committee of China Human Resource Development Association and the Director of the Human Capital Institute.
      Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree of
      science in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the
      Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles in
104   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has been serving
            as the Dean at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance and Economics
            and doctoral supervisor. He is also a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation of Industry
            and Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Centre of Chinese Kuomintang Revolutionary
            Committee, the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Listing Committee of ChiNext of Shenzhen
            Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the China
            Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., the Vice Chairman of the China Enterprise
            Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), and an Independent Director of Beijing Capital
            Group Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Liu served as an assistant professor
            at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the Asia-Pacific Corporate
            Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company, an assistant professor and associate professor (with tenure) at
            the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Hong Kong, an Independent Non-Executive Director of
            Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as the ZH International Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Hong
            Kong Stock Exchange), and Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd, a company listed on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange.
            Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
            in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime University,
            and is a senior accountant. He concurrently serves as the Independent Director of Nanjing Tanker Corporation (招商
            局南京油運股份有限公司, a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He previously served as the Chief Financial
            Officer and Chief Information Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance
            Department of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial Department
            of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股(新加坡)有限公司),
            the General Manager of the Finance Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation Headquarter (中
            遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and the Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
            Mr. Li Chaoxian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree
            in Industrial Economics and a master’s degree in Statistics from Renmin University of China, respectively. He is
            currently a professor and doctoral supervisor of Beijing Technology and Business University, and concurrently serves
            as an Independent Director of China World Trade Centre Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). He served as the Deputy Director and Director of the Finance Department of Beijing Business School,
            Deputy Dean and Dean of the School of Economics of Beijing Technology and Business University, Chief of the
            Academic Affairs Office of Beijing Technology and Business University, Vice President of Beijing Technology and
            Business University, and an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering Management Co., Ltd. (北京華
            達建業工程管理股份有限公司) (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations).
            Mr. Shi Yongdong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Shi obtained a doctoral degree
            in Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics from
            Jilin University. He is a leading talent of the national high-level special support plan, one of the Cultural Masters
            and the Four First-Batch Talents, and the chief expert of the major projects under the National Social Science Fund
            of China. He is currently the Dean, Professor and Doctoral Supervisor of the School of Finance and Technology of
            Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, and concurrently serves as a council member of China Finance Society,
            a standing council member of the Chinese Finance Annual Meeting (中國金融學年會) and the Chinese Financial
            Projects Annual Meeting (中國金融工程學年會), and a standing council member of the International Symposium on
            Financial Systems Engineering and Risk Management (金融系統工程與風險管理國際年會). He served as the Deputy
            Dean of the School of Finance, the Director of the Applied Finance Research Centre, Chief of the scientific research
            department and the Dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioural Sciences in Dongbei University of
            Finance and Economics, an Independent Director of Dalian Huarui Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed
            on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Bank of Anshan Co., Ltd..
            Supervisors
            Mr. Luo Sheng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. He graduated from the Business School of Nankai
            University majoring in corporate governance with a doctoral degree. Mr. Luo is currently the Deputy General
            Manager of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and a Director of both Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and Gemdale
            Corporation (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He successively served as the principal staff member
            of the Regulation Division under the Policy and Regulation Department, the principal staff member of the Market
            Analysis Division under the Development and Reform Department, the Deputy Director and Director of the Corporate
            Governance Division under the Development and Reform Department as well as the deputy director of the
            Regulation Department of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission. He has also served as an Executive Director,
            the Executive Vice President, Secretary to the Board of Directors, and General Manager of Shanghai Branch of China
            Insurance Information Technology Management Co., Ltd., and the Deputy Director of the Development and Reform
            Department of China Insurance Regulatory Commission, etc. He served as the Non-Executive Director of the Eleventh
            Session of the Board of the Company from June 2019 to June 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   105
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a
      senior accountant. He is the General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited
      (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), and concurrently serves as the General Manager of SAIC Motor
      Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd., a Non-executive Director of Bank of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a company listed
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director of Wuhan Kotei Informatics Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as a Deputy Manager and Manager of
      Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of Shanghai Automotive Group
      Finance Company, Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as a Section Chief, Assistant to
      Executive Controller and the Manager of Accounting Section of Finance Department of SAIC Motor Corporation
      Limited from March 2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (a
      company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015, and concurrently serving as the Director
      and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華域汽車系統(上海)有限公司) during the
      period from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Affairs Department of SAIC
      Motor Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
      Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in Maritime
      Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently
      an Independent Director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited, and concurrently the Director of
      Shanghai Dongsheng Public Welfare Foundation. He previously served as the Section Chief and the Department
      Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and land property company
      of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the
      General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of COSCO
      Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings Ltd., the Vice Chairman
      of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Vice President and
      General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart International Limited, the
      General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the Chairman of the Corporate
      Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
      Mr. Cai Hongping is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Journalism
      from Fudan University. He is the Chairman of AGIC Capital and concurrently serves as an Independent Director of
      China Eastern Airlines Corporation Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange), Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), BYD
      Company Limited (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and China
      Southern Airlines Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange), and was an Independent Director of China Oceanwide Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange) and COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange
      and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Cai Hongping served as the Senior Vice President and
      Managing Director of Peregrine Investments Holdings Limited. He served as the Chairman of China of BNP Paribas
      Capital (Asia Pacific) Limited from 1998 to 2005 and served as the Chairman of UBS AG in Asia from 2006 to 2010,
      and served as the Executive Chairman of Investment Banking Asia Pacific of Deutsche Bank from 2010 to 2015.
      Mr. Zhang Xiang is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a doctoral degree in Mechanical
      Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and a master’s degree from the Department of Physics of
      Nanjing University. He is an elected member of the US National Academy of Engineering, a foreign member of the
      Chinese Academy of Sciences, an elected member of the Academia Sinica and the President of the University of
      Hong Kong. Mr. Zhang was the inaugural Ernest S. Kuh Endowed Chair Professor at the University of California,
      Berkeley, and the Director of the US National Science Foundation Nano-scale Science and Engineering Centre. He
      was an assistant professor at Pennsylvania State University in 1996, an associate professor and professor at the
      University of California, Los Angeles from 1999 to 2004, an associate professor and professor at the Mechanical
      Engineering Department and the Institute of Applied Science and Technology of the University of California, Berkeley
      from 2004 to 2018 and a director of Materials Science Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from
      2014 to 2016.
      Ms. Cai Jin is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from Hunan
      University of Finance and Economics. She is an economist. She currently serves as the Inspector of the Head Office of
      the Company. In August 1992, she started her career in Shashi Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
      in Hubei Province. She joined the Company in May 1995. She successively served as the Assistant General Manager
      of the Human Resources Department, the Deputy General Manager of the Banking Department of the Head Office,
      the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Custody Department of the Head Office and the Director of the Labour
      Union of the Head Office of the Company from April 2010 to January 2024.
      Mr. Cao Jian is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao obtained a master’s degree in International
      Finance from the Graduate School of the Financial Research Institute of the People’s Bank of China. He is a non-
      practicing member of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He currently serves as the General Manager
106   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            of the Audit Department of the Company, and concurrently serves as the Supervisor of CMB Wealth Management
            and a Member of the Professional Committee under the Board of Supervisors of China Association for Public
            Companies. He joined the Company in August 2003 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and
            Deputy General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. From November 2021 to March 2023, he served
            as the General Manager of the Shenzhen division of the Audit Department of the Company.
            Mr. Yang Sheng is an Employee Supervisor. Mr. Yang has obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin
            University of China and is a senior economist. He is currently the Director of the General Office of Head Office of
            the Company. He joined the Company in July 1998 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the
            Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of the Human Resources Department of the Head Office of the
            Company from September 2016 to November 2022.
            Senior management
            Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Wang Yungui is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree from the
            Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and is a senior economist. He successively
            served as the General Manager of the Department of Education and the General Manager of the Human Resources
            Department of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China from July 2008 to December 2016, and served as the
            Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of China Development Bank from December 2016 to March 2019. He has
            served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2019.
            Mr. Zhao Weipeng is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission of the Company. Mr. Zhao holds a
            master’s degree in Management and is a senior accountant and a non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of
            Certified Public Accountants. He successively served as the Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants
            Shipping and Enterprises Company Limited, the Manager of Planning and Finance Department of Hong Kong
            Ming Wah Shipping Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer, Deputy General Manager, Secretary of the Party
            Discipline Commission, and Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee of China Merchants Zhangzhou Development
            Zone Company Limited, Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission, Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee
            and Executive Deputy Director of the Management Committee of Zhangzhou China Merchants Economic and
            Technological Development Zone, Secretary to the Party Committee and General Manager of China Merchants
            Taipingwan Development & Investment Company Limited, Deputy General Manager (General Manager Level) of
            Finance Department (Property Rights Department) of China Merchants Group Ltd., Secretary to the Party committee
            and General Manager of China Merchants Group Finance Co., Ltd.. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline
            Commission of the Company since August 2023.
            Mr. Zhu Jiangtao, please refer to Mr. Zhu Jiangtao’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Zhong Desheng is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in the History
            of Foreign Economic Thoughts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and is a senior economist.
            He joined the Company in July 1993 and successively served as an Assistant General Manager and Deputy General
            Manager of Wuhan Branch, the General Manager of International Business Department of the Head Office, the
            General Manager of Trade Finance Department of the Head Office and the General Manager of Offshore Finance
            Centre of the Head Office, the General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, the President of the General Office of
            Corporate Finance of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customers Department and the
            Executive Assistant President of the Company. He has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since
            October 2023, and he concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMB Financial Leasing.
            Mr. Wang Xiaoqing is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a doctoral degree in Political
            Economics from Fudan University and is an economist. He worked at PICC Asset Management Company Limited
            from March 2005 to March 2020, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Risk Management
            Department, the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Portfolio Management Department, Assistant
            President and Vice President. In March 2020, he joined the Company and successively served as the General
            Manager and the Chairman of CMFM and the Executive Assistant President of the Company. He has served as
            an Executive Vice President of the Company since July 2023, and concurrently serves as the General Manager of
            Shenzhen Branch, the Chairman of CMFM, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and CIGNA & CMAM.
            Ms. Wang Ying is an Executive Vice President of the Company. She obtained a master’s degree in Political
            Economics from Nanjing University and is an economist. She joined the Company in January 1997, successively
            served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch, General Manager of
            Tianjin Branch, General Manager of Shenzhen Branch and the Executive Assistant President of the Company, and
            has been serving as an Executive Vice President of the Company since November 2023.
            Mr. Peng Jiawen is an Executive Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of
            Directors of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in National Economic Planning from Zhongnan University
            of Economics and Law and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in September 2001, and successively
            served as an Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of
            the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and General Manager of the Overall Retail Management Department of
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  107
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance of the Head
      Office and concurrently General Manager of Retail Credit Business Department of the Head Office, General Manager
      of Zhengzhou Branch, General Manager of Asset and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office and the
      Executive Assistant President of the Company. He has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since
      November 2023, and concurrently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of
      the Company.
      Mr. Lei Caihua is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Investment
      Economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, a master’s degree in National Economics from
      Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, and is an economist. He joined the Company in July 1995, and
      successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Corporate Banking Department and concurrently the
      General Manager of SME Finance Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Corporate Finance Product
      Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head Office, General
      Manager of Small Enterprise Finance Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Chongqing Branch,
      Head of Topology Bank Preparatory Team, and the General Manager of Shanghai Branch. Since November 2023, he
      has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently serves as the General Manager of
      Shanghai Branch.
      Mr. Xu Mingjie is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering
      from Xi’an Jiaotong University, a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Shanghai University of International Business
      and Economics, and is a chartered certified accountant. He joined the Company in September 1995, and successively
      served as the Assistant General Manager of Corporate Finance Product Department of the Head Office, Assistant
      General Manager of Investment Banking Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager of Investment
      Banking Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Credit Approval Department of the Head Office and
      General Manager of Risk Management Department of the Head Office. Since November 2023, he has served as an
      Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently serves as the General Manager of Beijing Branch.
      Mr. Jiang Chaoyang is the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
      Management Sciences from Shanghai Jiao Tong University and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in
      November 2013, successively served as the General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head Office,
      General Manager of Retail Network Banking Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and General
      Manager of Wealth Management Department of the Head Office, and has been serving as the Chief Information
      Officer (CIO) of the Company since November 2019.
      Joint company secretaries
      Mr. Peng Jiawen, please refer to Mr. Peng Jiawen’s biography under the heading of “Senior management” above.
      Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained an MBA degree from
      the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a
      Fellow of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the
      United Kingdom and is a council member, the Chairlady of the Professional Development Committee of The Hong
      Kong Chartered Governance Institute and is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by The Hong Kong
      Chartered Governance Institute. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
      and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed
      companies. Ms. Ho has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and
      is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.



5.4.5 Remuneration policy and evaluation and incentive system for Directors,
      Supervisors and senior management
      The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors according to the “Resolution
      in Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment
      to Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting,
      in which the relevant Directors have abstained from the discussion of their remuneration; offers remuneration to
      Executive Directors, Chairman of Board of Supervisors and other senior management according to the “Policies
      on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”. The remuneration consists of
      basic remuneration and performance-based remuneration, which shall be provided by way of deferred payment in
      accordance with regulatory requirements. At the same time, the Company has established a mechanism related to
      performance-based remuneration deduction. The Company offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors (excluding
      Chairman of Board of Supervisors) in accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company.
      All of the Directors and Supervisors nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration
      from the Company. For details of the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors and the five highest paid
      individuals of the Company, please refer to Notes 11 and 12 to the financial statements.
108   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management according to the
            “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment
            Standards of the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to the
            “Measures on Evaluation of Performance of Directors and Supervisors of China Merchants Bank”, the Board of
            Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their
            duty performance in the ordinary course, conducting duty performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their
            annual duty performance records (including but not limited to, attendance of meetings, participation of researches,
            provision of recommendations and the term of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation
            Questionnaire” completed by each Director and Supervisor, and then reports the same to the Shareholders’
            General Meeting and regulatory authorities. According to the “Measures on Evaluation of Duty Performance of
            Senior Management of China Merchants Bank”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance
            of senior management through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their
            duty performance information (including but not limited to, major speeches and major meeting minutes) and work
            reports, and then reports the same to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and regulatory authorities.



      5.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
            The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
            of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
            According to the enquiry, to the knowledge of the Company, all Directors and all Supervisors of the Company have
            been in compliance with the Model Code and the guidelines set by the Company during the reporting period.
            The Company has also set guidelines on the trading of the Company’s securities by Directors, Supervisors and
            relevant employees, and the contents of the guidelines are no less exacting than the Model Code.



      5.4.7 Interests and short positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations
            As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives of
            the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
            (as defined in the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange
            pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors,
            Supervisors and Chief Executives of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO,
            or which were required to be and were recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of
            the SFO or as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
            Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:
                                                                                                                  Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                           of              of
                                                                                                       No. of the relevant          the total
                                                     Class of   Long/short                             Shares class of shares issued ordinary
            Name           Position                  shares     position        Capacity             (shares)    in issue (%)     shares (%)
            Wang Liang     Executive Director,       A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     300,000        0.00145         0.00119
                             President and Chief
                             Executive Officer
            Zhou Song      Non-Executive Director    A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282        0.00011         0.00009
            Zhu Jiangtao   Executive Director,       A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     198,800        0.00096         0.00079
                             Vice President, Chief
                             Risk Officer
            Cai Jin        Employee Supervisor       A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     165,000        0.00080         0.00065
                                                     H Share    Long position   Beneficial owner       4,550        0.00010         0.00002
            Cao Jian       Employee Supervisor       A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     158,400        0.00077         0.00063
            Yang Sheng     Employee Supervisor       A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     197,700        0.00096         0.00078
                                                     A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse   143,300        0.00069         0.00057
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    109
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.5 Board of Directors
      The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
      passed by the Shareholders’ General Meetings; formulating the Company’s major principles and policies, including
      development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, and remuneration regulations;
      deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; preparing annual financial budgets,
      final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and assessing members of senior management. The
      Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
      Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
      on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
      would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
      The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
      establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
      efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on key
      issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced, healthy and
      sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamically balanced development
      in “Quality, Profitability and Scale” through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital, remuneration,
      internal control, related party transactions and protection of consumer rights, etc., thus providing a solid basis for
      the Company to enhance its operation and management capabilities.



5.5.1 Composition of the Board of Directors and diversity policy
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company has fifteen members, including seven
      Non-Executive Directors, two Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the seven Non-
      Executive Directors are seasoned management personnel such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, General
      Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer of large state-owned enterprises. They have extensive
      experience in corporate management, finance and accounting fields. The two Executive Directors have been engaged
      in financial management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, university professors and financial experts
      with international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the banking industry at
      home and abroad. One Independent Non-Executive Director from Hong Kong is proficient in International Financial
      Reporting Standards and the requirements of Hong Kong capital market.
      The Company attaches great importance to maintaining the diversity characteristic of the members of the Board of
      Directors, and completed the revision of the Articles of Association of the Company during the year to incorporate
      the diversity policy into the Articles of Association of the Company. Among them, the new responsibilities of the
      Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors are to “promote the diversity of the members of the Board of
      Directors, including but not limited to gender, age, culture, educational background and professional experience,
      and regularly review the diversity implementation”. The diversified director structure of the Company has brought
      broad vision and high-level professional experience to the Board of Directors, and also maintained the independent
      elements within the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors of the Company effectively make
      independent judgements and scientific decisions when studying and deliberating major issues.
      In March 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company received a letter of resignation from Ms. Su Min, the former
      Non-Executive Director of the Company, and the Company does not have any other female Directors for the time
      being following the resignation of Ms. Su Min. Pursuant to the Rule 13.92 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange does not consider diversity is achieved for a single gender board. The Board of Directors of
      the Company attached high importance to promote the diversity of the Board members, including gender diversity,
      actively identified potential female Director candidates, and considered and approved the Resolution on Nomination
      of Ms. Li Jian as an Independent Director in August 2023, and considered and approved the Resolution on
      Nomination of Ms. Shi Dai as a Non-Executive Director and the Resolution on Nomination of Ms. Liu Hui as a Non-
      Executive Director in March 2024. The above Director candidates are subject to election at Shareholders’ General
      Meeting of the Company and the approval of their qualifications for serving as Directors by the National Financial
      Regulatory Administration (NFRA) before their terms of office officially become effective. The Company intends to
      complete the election of female Director candidates at the Shareholders’ General Meeting in the first half of 2024,
      and the Board of Directors is expected to have three female Directors upon the approval of the qualifications of the
      relevant candidates for serving as Directors by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA). The Board of
      Directors of the Company acknowledges that a diversified Board structure will bring wide-ranging ideas and insights
      to the Board of Directors and its special committees, contribute to improving the quality of decision-making by the
      Board of Directors and its special committees as well as the corporate governance level, while providing a strong
      guarantee for the high-quality development of the Company. The Company will continue to promote the diversified
      composition of the Board of Directors.
110   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors shall evaluate the structure, number of members,
            composition and diversity implementation and effectiveness of the Board of Directors (including multiple aspects
            such as gender, skills, knowledge and experience) at least once a year according to the operating activities, asset
            size and equity structure of the Company, and advise on any changes to the Board of Directors to coordinate with
            the Company’s strategy. To ensure that the Board of Directors maintains gender diversity in the long run, the
            Company will seek to identify potential female Director candidates whose skills, knowledge, experience, and other
            attributes satisfy the relevant requirements based on its own operating management and the structure of the Board
            of Directors, establishing and maintaining communication channels with potential Director candidates to enable
            timely selection when needed.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report. To
            comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all
            the corporate communication documents of the Company which disclose their names.



      5.5.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
            In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
            replaced by the shareholders at the Shareholders’ General Meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
            be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
            obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
            a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a Shareholders’ General Meeting before expiry of his/
            her term.
            A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a Shareholders’ General Meeting before the expiry of his/
            her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim made in accordance with
            contract shall not be affected).
            The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
            Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company complies
            with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
            The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
            requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
            Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the
            Board of Directors of the Company shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for
            a Director and recommend suitable candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination
            proposal, the Board of Directors shall propose election of the related candidates at a Shareholders’ General Meeting
            and submit the relevant proposal at a Shareholders’ General Meeting for consideration and approval.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    111
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


5.5.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      As of the end of the reporting period, all incumbent Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently
      exercised their rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory
      rules, devoted sufficient time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices
      of the Company were fully compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and
      economic policies of the country, gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation
      and management of the Company, and fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative
      regulations, departmental regulations and other duties of diligence stipulated under the Articles of Association
      of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual responsibilities towards
      shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and
      the special committees under the Board of Directors was 91.01%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors, engagement of accounting
      firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company also
      gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees under the Board of Directors, and
      provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance and operation management of the
      Company, thereby providing effective guarantee on the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders. The
      Company is of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of
      their responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the PRC
      banking regulatory authorities, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities
      of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” for all of its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors, and the annual duty performance and cross-appraisal of the Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, and reported the appraisal results to the Shareholders’ General Meeting.



5.5.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
      The positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company have been held by different
      persons and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules. Mr. Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Company and is responsible for leading the Board of
      Directors, ensuring that all the Directors are kept updated on issues arising at board meetings, managing the
      operation of the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a
      constructive and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in
      time, the Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors
      duly receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Wang Liang serves as
      the President and is responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and
      business plans.
112   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.5.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the Shareholders’ General Meeting during
            the reporting period. All Directors performed due diligence in their duties, capitalised on opportunities, tackled
            challenges and used their professional specialties and extensive experience to contribute their intelligence and
            strength to the operation and development of the Company. The Company has adopted the constructive opinions
            and suggestions raised by each of the Directors in aspects including strategy guideline, wealth management, Fintech,
            risk control and management, internal control and compliance, anti-money laundering, green finance development,
            inclusive finance development, ESG development, related party transactions management, protection of consumer
            rights and improvement of incentive and restrictive mechanisms, and no objection has been raised by any of the
            Directors on the matters reviewed.
                                                                           Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                     Related Party
                                                                                                                                      Transactions
                                                         Strategy                                                                    Management
                                                              and                  Remuneration         Risk and                    and Consumer
                                                      Sustainable                            and         Capital                            Rights    Shareholders’
                                         Board of    Development     Nomination         Appraisal Management               Audit        Protection         General
            Directors                    Directors     Committee      Committee       Committee      Committee        Committee        Committee           Meeting
                                                                       Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance
            Non-Executive
              Directors
            Miao Jianmin                    18/19             6/6             7/7               /               /              /                  /             0/1
            Sun Yunfei                      19/19             6/6                /              /               /              /                  /             1/1
            Zhou Song                       19/19             6/6                /              /               /            8/8                  /             1/1
            Zhang Jian                      19/19                /              /               /            9/9               /                  /             1/1
            Chen Dong                       19/19                /              /            7/7             6/9               /                  /             1/1
            Hu Jianhua (resigned)           16/19             5/6               /               /               /              /                  /             1/1
            Hong Xiaoyuan                   16/19                /              /            7/7             3/9               /                  /             1/1
              (resigned)
            Su Min (resigned)                  4/5               /               /              /               /               /              1/1                 /

            Executive Directors
            Wang Liang                      19/19             5/6             7/7               /            7/7                /                /              1/1
            Zhu Jiangtao                      8/8               /                /              /            2/2                /              2/2                 /

            Independent Non-
               Executive Directors
            Wong See Hong                   19/19                /            7/7               /               /            8/8               4/4              1/1
            Li Menggang                     19/19                /            7/7            7/7                /            8/8                  /             1/1
            Liu Qiao                        19/19                /            7/7            7/7             9/9                /                 /             1/1
            Tian Hongqi                     19/19               /               /              /                /            8/8               4/4              1/1
            Li Chaoxian                     19/19             6/6               /            7/7                /               /              4/4              1/1
            Shi Yongdong                    19/19                /              /               /            9/9             8/8                  /             1/1

            Note:       During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 19 meetings, of which 6 were on-site meetings and
                        thirteen were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions; the special committees under the Board of Directors held a total of 41
                        meetings, of which 19 were on-site meetings and 22 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  113
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


5.5.6 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the PRC banking regulatory authorities, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules. All the six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances
      set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company
      has received from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence.
      Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with
      the requirement of independence. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through attendance at the
      meetings, special research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles as Independent
      Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and its various special
      committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests and requests of
      minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the meetings
      convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at relevant
      meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors and
      senior management, engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the
      resolutions of the Board of Directors and others of the Company during the year.
      Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established a mechanism within the governance
      framework to ensure that the Board of Directors has access to independent views and opinions, and the
      implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism have been reviewed on an annual basis. According to the
      “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the Independent Non-
      Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in 2023, believing that
      such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the progress of significant
      matters in 2023. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results achieved in 2023.
      They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the certified public
      accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major matters and formed their written opinions; they reviewed
      the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters on the agenda
      and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the
      Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



5.5.7 Corporate governance functions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
      1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
             amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
      2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
             management;
      3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
             requirements;
      4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
             Directors and employees of the Company;
      5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
             Report of Corporate Governance;
      6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
             Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
             the Company are effective.
114   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.5.8 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for the financial
            statements
            The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
            information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
            submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 to present a true view of the operating results of the
            Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
            might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.



      5.5.9 Special committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy and Sustainable
            Development Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and
            Capital Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and
            Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2023, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company gave full play to their professional
            advantages and earnestly performed various duties, actively offering advices to the Board of Directors on strategic
            guidance, Fintech, risk management, internal control and compliance, inclusive finance, green finance, related
            party transactions management, consumer rights protection, incentive and restrictive mechanisms and construction
            of the Board of Directors. During the year, these committees held a total of 41 meetings to study and review 174
            significant issues, and reported their review opinions and advices to the Board of Directors by submitting meeting
            minutes and giving presentations on-site at the meetings, hence fully performing their respective functions in
            assisting the Board of Directors to make scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company and their
            work in 2023 are summarised as follows.
            Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
            included Non-Executive Directors Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Hu Jianhua, Sun Yunfei, Zhou Song, Wang Liang
            (Executive Director) and Li Chaoxian (Independent Non-Executive Director). The Strategy and Sustainable
            Development Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the operation and management goals and the
            medium- and long-term development strategies of the Company, as well as supervising and examining the
            implementation of its annual operation plan, investment plan, data governance and ESG development strategy.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium- and long-term development strategies of the Company,
                   and make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the Board of
                   Directors;
            6.     Formulate data governance strategy and major issues related to data governance;
            7.     Review the ESG development strategy and basic management system, review the ESG-related work report,
                   regularly evaluate the implementation of the ESG development strategy and promote the implementation of
                   other ESG-related work required by the regulators;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  115
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      In 2023, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
      convened six meetings, namely, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Twelfth Session
      of the Board of Directors convened its 4th meeting (14 February), the 5th meeting (8 March), the 6th meeting (24
      March), the 7th meeting (18 August), the 8th meeting (16 October) and 9th meeting (29 December). The Strategy
      and Sustainable Development Committee focused on the Company’s sustainable development report, inclusive
      financial development and annual work plan, human resources management and talent strategy implementation
      report, the use of Fintech innovation project funds, annual financial budget and final account report, annual profit
      appropriation plan, implementation of business plan, revised the “14th Five-Year” Strategic Plan (2021~2025),
      Financial Innovation Award Selection Program, and Administrative Measures for Fintech Innovation Project Fund,
      redefined the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven development, leading
      model and distinguished features”, with the building of a value creation bank as the strategic goal, managing to
      maximise the comprehensive value of customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, aiming to
      become the best bank in customer service, the best bank in employee development, the best bank in shareholders’
      return, the most trusted bank by partners and the most socially responsible bank, while adjusting and optimising the
      value-oriented appraisal and evaluation system as well as incentive mechanism. In addition, in order to push forward
      the Company’s major operation and management matters, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
      under the Board of Directors also considered the resolutions on the issuance of capital bonds, the selection of site
      and land use for the construction of a new data centre, and the increase of the working capital of the Luxembourg
      Branch.
      Nomination Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Nomination Committee were Independent
      Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of
      the Nomination Committee include Wong See Hong (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent
      Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a Non-Executive Director) and Wang Liang (an Executive Director). The
      Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the
      Directors and senior management, conducting preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the
      Directors and senior management and making proposals to the Board of Directors and promoting the diversity of its
      Board members.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      2.     Promote the diversity of the Board members, including but not limited to gender, age, culture, educational
             background and professional experience, and review the implementation of diversity on a regular basis;
      3.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) on regular basis and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
             Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
             scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
      4.     Conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Directors and senior management;
      5.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2023, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened seven meetings,
      namely, the Nomination Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 1st meeting
      (13 January), the 2nd meeting (14 February), the 3rd meeting (16 March), the 4th meeting (25 April), the 5th
      meeting (29 May), the 6th meeting (21 August) and the 7th meeting (18 September), at which the resolutions
      on the nomination of Mr. Huang Jian, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao and Ms. Li Jian as a Non-Executive Director, an Executive
      Director and an Independent Director, respectively, and the resolutions on the nomination of Mr. Zhong Desheng,
      Mr. Wang Xiaoqing, Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Peng Jiawen as Executive Vice Presidents were successively considered
      and approved. In addition, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors considered and approved the
      resolutions on the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of Directors, and
      regularly reviewed the members, structure and diversity implementation of the Board of Directors and its special
      committees, ensuring that the structure of the Board composition is in compliance with the relevant regulatory
      requirements.
116   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            The specific process for the nomination and election of Directors of the Company is as follows: qualified nomination
            body recommends candidates for directorship to the Company, the Nomination Committee under the Board of
            Directors conducts a preliminary review of the qualifications and conditions of the candidates for directorship and
            proposes the qualified candidates to the Board of Directors for consideration, and upon consideration and approval
            by the Board of Directors, proposes the candidates for directorship to the Shareholders’ General Meeting in a
            written proposal (for details, please refer to the section of “Board of Directors” set out in the Articles of Association
            of the Company). In the selection process of candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee under the
            Board of Directors takes full consideration of the compliance of the candidates with laws, regulations and other
            relevant requirements, independence, cultural and educational background or professional experience, as well as
            the structure, number, composition and diversity of the Board of Directors, and will make recommendations on any
            proposed changes to the Board of Directors in line with the Company’s strategy.
            Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
            were Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive
            Director. The members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman),
            Liu Qiao, Li Chaoxian (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Hong Xiaoyuan and Chen Dong (both being
            Non-Executive Directors). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the
            remuneration management system and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the
            Directors and senior management, making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation
            of such proposals.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
                   forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
            2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior management
                   of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
                   proposals;
            3.     Review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank;
            4.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2023, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened
            seven meetings, namely the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of
            Directors convened its 5th meeting (16 February), the 6th meeting (21 April), the 7th meeting (21 August), the 8th
            meeting (25 September), the 9th meeting (16 October), the 10th meeting (20 November) and the 11th meeting
            (23 November). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors implements the medium-
            and long-term strategic objectives formulated by the Board of Directors, and further optimises the appraisal policy
            and incentive plan, guides management staff and employees to “base on the long-term development and grasp the
            present opportunities”, regularly reviews the performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction throughout
            the Bank. The Committee deliberated and passed the proposals on the remuneration of new senior management,
            the annual performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction and other proposals. According to the
            provisions of the H-share Appreciation Rights Scheme, the granted appreciation rights have been subject to effective
            appraisal and grant price adjustment, ensuring the continuous operation of the Company’s medium- and long-term
            incentive mechanism.
            Risk and Capital Management Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee were Hong
            Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Zhang Jian, Chen Dong (all being Non-Executive Directors), Zhu Jiangtao (an Executive
            Director), Liu Qiao and Shi Yongdong (both being Independent Non-Executive Directors). The Risk and Capital
            Management Committee is mainly responsible for supervising the status of risk control by the senior management
            of the Company in relation to various major risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding
            ability and capital management status of the Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of
            risks and capital of the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                        117
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputational risk, country risk and
             other risks;
      2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
             of the Bank;
      3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
             the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
      4.     Submit opinions and proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital;
      5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
      6.     Evaluate, supervise and govern the risk management policies and practices of relevant overseas entities of the
             Company, including those in the United States, in accordance with overseas regulatory requirements;
      7.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2023, the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened nine
      meetings, namely the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
      convened its 5th meeting (13 March), the 6th meeting (16 March), the 7th meeting (24 May), the 8th meeting (15
      June), the 9th meeting (31 July), the 10th meeting (15 August), the 11th meeting (19 September), the 12th meeting
      (23 November) and the 13th meeting (22 December). The Risk and Capital Management Committee implemented
      the prudent risk management concept, adhered to the risk preference targets established by the Board of Directors,
      constantly strengthened the comprehensive risk management function by holding quarterly meetings, and actively
      implemented the objective requirements of the Board of Directors to “outperform the market and outperform the
      industry”. The Risk and Capital Management Committee paid high attention to the risks and impacts associated with
      real estate, agency distribution of relevant products to private banking clients, financial asset management and local
      government businesses, and has carefully listened to special reports and actively advanced the risk mitigation works;
      adhered to long-term and reasonable capital planning by consistently enhancing the risk compensation capability,
      and regularly reviewing reports on the internal assessment on capital adequacy, capital adequacy ratio, and capital
      management planning; paid close attention to the international pattern and the changes in economic and financial
      situations, regularly reviewed reports on compliance with anti-money laundering and sanctions, risk assessment of
      money laundering and terrorist financing and compliance work of institutions in the United States, and effectively
      enhanced compliance management efforts and other various works.
      Audit Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Audit Committee were Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the
      Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi (Chairman), Wong See Hong, Li Menggang, Shi Yongdong (all being Independent
      Non-Executive Directors) and Zhou Song (a Non-Executive Director). None of the above persons has ever served as
      a partner of the incumbent auditors of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining
      the accounting policies and financial position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the
      Company, proposing the appointment or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal
      audit and internal control of the Company.
118   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Audit the financial information and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for the annual audit
                   work, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the
                   information contained in the audited financial statements;
            2.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position;
            3.     Propose to engage or replace an accounting firm for regular audit of financial reports, and supervise and
                   evaluate its audit work;
            4.     Monitor the internal audit system and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures and work
                   effectiveness of the internal audit department;
            5.     Coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;
            6.     Examine the internal control system and put forward suggestions on the improvement of internal control;
            7.     Review and supervise the mechanism for employees to whistle blow any misconduct in respect of financial
                   statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Bank always handles the whistle blowing
                   issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2023, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened eight meetings, namely, the
            Audit Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 4th meeting and the meeting for
            Independent Directors’ work on annual reports (9 March), the 5th meeting (20 March), the 6th meeting (24 April),
            the 7th meeting (18 May), the 8th meeting (11 July), the 9th meeting (21 August), the 10th meeting (18 September)
            and the 11th meeting (24 October). The Audit Committee, based on the quarterly meeting mechanism and by means
            of the regular report and internal and external audit work report, reviewed and approved the annual report, interim
            report and quarterly report, and supervised and verified the authenticity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness
            of the financial report information. The Company reviewed and passed the annual, interim and quarterly internal
            audit plan and work report, the annual internal control assessment report, the engagement of accounting firms and
            other proposals, reviewed the external auditor’s audit plan, audit results, management recommendations and other
            reports, timely targeted the problems found in internal audit, strengthened the rectification and accountability of
            internal self-inspection and regulatory concerns, promoted the formation of an effective communication mechanism
            between internal audit and external audit by continuously strengthening the communication with internal and
            external audit. As the term of the external auditor will expire in 2024, the Audit Committee has considered the
            resolutions on the proposed change of accounting firms, the “Administrative Measures on the Selection and
            Appointment of Accounting Firms by China Merchants Bank”, the procurement plan and bidding documents
            of the project for the selection and appointment of the accounting firm for 2024, and the proposal for the
            determination of the selection and engagement of the accounting firm for 2024, which fully played an important
            role in supervising operation and management, revealing risks and problems and improving management level and
            effectively fulfilled relevant responsibilities.
            According to “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted by
            the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties in
            preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2023:
            1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2023 and the unaudited
                   financial statements of the Company;
            2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge of
                   annual audit, the Audit Committee heard the report on the operation of the Company for 2023, exchanged
                   opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit, reviewed
                   the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues;
            3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed and
                   prepared a resolution on the Company’s Annual Report for 2023 which was submitted to the Board of
                   Directors for consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the
                   Board of Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the
                   audit work of the Company in 2023.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   119
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management
      and Consumer Rights Protection Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was
      chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Related Party Transactions Management
      and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are Li Chaoxian (Chairman), Wong See Hong and Tian Hongqi (all
      being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Zhu Jiangtao (an Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions
      Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and
      review of related party transactions of the Company and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of
      consumers.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Identify related parties according to relevant laws and regulations;
      2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions,
             and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
      3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
             establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Company;
      4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
      5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
      6.     Listen to the report on the consumer rights protection work of the Company and consider the relevant
             resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors on related work;
      7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
             work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
             and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work;
      8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2023, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
      convened four meetings, namely, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 4th meeting (9 March), the 5th
      meeting (6 June), the 6th meeting (13 October) and the 7th meeting (25 December). The Related Party Transactions
      Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee focused on reviewing the fairness of related party
      transactions, assisting the Board of Directors to ensure the legality and compliance of related party transactions
      management, implementing the relevant responsibilities of consumer rights protection according to regulatory
      requirements and deliberated and passed the Related Party Transactions Report for 2022, the List of Related Parties
      in 2023 and other proposals, reviewed and approved the related party transactions between the Company and
      Gemdale Corporation, MUCFC, CMB Financial Leasing and other related parties, reviewed and approved the “Work
      Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2022”, the “2022 Consumer Complaint Analysis Report” and other
      resolutions, reviewed the regulatory notification document on consumer rights protection and the Company’s main
      consumer rights protection system.



5.6 Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the Shareholders’ General
      Meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
      legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
      management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
      creditors and other stakeholders.
120   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.6.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
            As of the end of the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members,
            including three Shareholder Supervisors, three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion
            of Employee Supervisors and External Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the
            regulatory requirements. The three Shareholder Supervisors are from large state-owned enterprises where they serve
            important posts and have extensive experiences in business management and professional knowledge in finance
            and accounting; the three Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management,
            and thus accumulated rich professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional
            expertise and rich practical experience in corporate governance, investment management, applied science and other
            areas. Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence
            required for their performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
            A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.



      5.6.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
            The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
            Supervisors and its related special committees, attending Shareholders’ General Meetings, board meetings and
            its special committee meetings, attending major meetings on operation and management held by the senior
            management, reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the
            senior management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
            branches of the Company and having talks with Directors and the senior management over their duty performance
            during the year, communicating with external auditors regularly, etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors
            comprehensively monitors the development strategy, operation and management status, risk management status
            and internal control and compliance status of the Company as well as duty performance of the Directors and the
            senior management, and puts forward constructive and targeted operation and management advice and supervision
            opinions.



      5.6.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of 16 meetings, of which three were on-site
            meetings and 13 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions. 47 proposals regarding development
            strategies, business operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, related party transactions,
            consolidation management, corporate governance, data governance, social responsibilities, anti-money laundering
            work, consumer rights protection, evaluation of the duty performance of Directors, Supervisors and senior
            management and audit on the resignation of senior management were considered, and 25 special reports involving
            implementation of risk appetite, disposal of non-performing assets, capital adequacy ratio, equity management,
            internal audit, prevention and control of crimes, green finance, were delivered or reviewed at those meetings.
            During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ General Meeting and six on-site board
            meetings. Supervisors attended the Shareholders’ General Meeting and were present at all the on-site board
            meetings and supervised the legitimacy and compliance of convening the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the
            board meetings, voting procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, expression of opinions and voting
            details.
            During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
            independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending Shareholders’ General
            Meetings, meetings of the Board of Supervisors, and special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors,
            participating in meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its related special committees, proactively familiarising
            themselves with the operation and management and the implementation of strategies of the Company, and actively
            participating in studies and reviews on significant matters. During the adjournment of the meetings of the Board
            of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors reviewed various documents and reports of the
            Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and senior management in respect of the problems
            concerned in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in enabling the Board of Supervisors to perform their
            supervisory duties.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
            matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    121
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


5.6.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
      The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, and
      as at the end of the reporting period, each consisting of four Supervisors, and both committees were chaired by
      External Supervisors.
      The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      included Cai Hongping (Chairman), Peng Bihong, Zhang Xiang and Cai Jin. The major duties of the Nomination
      Committee are as follows: to make proposals to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of the Board
      of Supervisors; to study the standards and procedures for the election of Supervisors and deliver relevant proposals
      to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Supervisors; to undertake
      preliminary examination on the qualifications of the candidates for Supervisors nominated by Shareholders and
      provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the procedures for election of Directors; to evaluate the duty
      performance of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors;
      to supervise whether the remuneration management system and its implementation among the whole Bank and the
      remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and reasonable.
      During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held a total of two
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the report of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance
      of the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management in 2022, and reviewed and approved the “Measures on
      Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank”. In addition, the Nomination
      Committee under the Board of Supervisors also supervised the final accounts of total staff costs for 2022 and the
      performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction for 2022.
      The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      included Xu Zhengjun (Chairman), Luo Sheng, Wu Heng and Cao Jian. The major duties of the Supervisory
      Committee are as follows: to formulate the supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by the Board
      of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct relevant
      examinations; to supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value
      standards and its formulation of suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company;
      to conduct supervision and assessment on the important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior
      management and their implementations, the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance
      structure and the overall risk management governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and
      their duty performance; to formulate the specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and
      risk management of the Company under the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate
      the plans for conducting resignation audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
      During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of eight
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2023 and the audit on
      the resignation of senior management, amendments to the “Measures for the Audit on the Resignation of Senior
      Management of China Merchants Bank” and other issues. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee
      under the Board of Supervisors were also present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital
      Management Committee and Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration
      and discussion of the above special committee on the financial decisions, risk management, capital management,
      internal control compliance, internal and external audit and other aspects of the Company, and offered comments
      and suggestions on some of the issues.



5.6.5 Independent opinions from the Board of Supervisors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the
      financial activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board
      of Directors and the senior management of the Company pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic
      of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
      authorities.
122   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors are as follows:
            Lawful Operation
            During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the Company Law of the People’s
            Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on Commercial Banks and the Articles of Association
            of the Company, the internal control system was improved, and the decision-making procedures were lawful and
            valid. None of the Directors and senior management of the Company were found to have non-disclosed behaviours
            relating to the violation of relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of Association of the Company or causing
            detriment to the interests of the Company and shareholders when performing their duties.
            Authenticity of Financial Statements
            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu separately audited the
            2023 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
            International Financial Reporting Standards and have separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified
            opinions. The financial reports truthfully, objectively and accurately reflect the financial status and operating results
            of the Company.
            Use of Proceeds
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.
            Purchase and Disposal of Assets
            During the reporting period, the Company was not aware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets
            which would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.
            Related Party Transactions
            In terms of the related party transactions to be disclosed during the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was
            not aware of any conduct in contravention of the Arm’s Length Principle or were detrimental to the interests of the
            Company and its shareholders.
            Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
            The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
            the Shareholders’ General Meeting in 2023, supervised the implementation of the resolutions of the Shareholder’s
            General Meeting(s), and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant resolutions passed at
            the Shareholders’ General Meeting(s).
            Internal Control
            The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank
            Co., Ltd. for 2023”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
            reasonableness and effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.



      5.7 Investigations/Surveys and Trainings Conducted by Directors and
          Supervisors during the Reporting Period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company organised four
            investigations/surveys, through which the duty performance, decision-making ability and effectiveness of supervision
            of our Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised three investigations/surveys for
            the Directors, during which the Directors visited some of the province-level and city-level branches to have deep
            understanding of the operation and management of the branches and sub-branches, reviewed reports of the
            branches on operation and management, risk management and control, internal control management, cost
            management and protection of consumers’ rights and interests and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions.
            The Board of Supervisors of the Company conducted one collective investigation, involving three branches and sub-
            branches. The investigation was carried out based on the problem-oriented approach. By having deep understanding
            of problems in operation faced by the branches, the Board of Supervisors provided advices to the branches on-
            site, actively coordinated with the Head Office to respond to the demands of branches, and provided guidance
            and supervisory opinions to the branches in terms of adhering to the guidance of Party building, deepening the
            implementation of strategies, fulfilling social responsibilities and strengthening the operational management and
            risk management. Through the supervisory mechanism, the Board of Supervisors provided feedback to the senior
            management and the Head Office on the demands and suggestions of the branches, and promoted the resolution
            of relevant issues at the system and mechanism level, thus effectively improving the quality and efficiency of the
            investigation of the Board of Supervisors.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   123
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      During the reporting period, all Directors and Supervisors of the Company participated in the training of “Anti-
      Money Laundering and Sanctions Compliance” according to the requirements on duty performance, systematically
      studied the external situation of anti-money laundering, risk trends of money laundering, the use of anti-money
      laundering technology and new regulations on anti-money laundering, continuously enhancing the ability of
      the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors to fulfill their duties in the areas of anti-money laundering
      and sanctions compliance. The Non-Executive Directors and all Supervisors of the Company reviewed the report
      on “Sustainable Information Disclosure and Governance Practices of Commercial Banks”, to have an in-depth
      understanding of the risks of climate changes, trends in sustainable information disclosure and the low-carbon
      transition practices of industry peers, thereby enhancing their own ESG governance capabilities. The Company
      conducted confidentiality training for all Directors and Supervisors to strengthen the sense of confidentiality of
      Directors and Supervisors in their daily work and to implement confidentiality management requirements. The
      new Directors and Supervisors of the Company attended the initial training for Directors and Supervisors held by
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, during which they had systematic study on the concept of regulation of listed companies,
      highlights of management of changes in shareholdings, corporate governance and duty performance to be
      discharged by Supervisors, regulatory cases, etc. In addition, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company studied
      the course of “Interpretation on the Reform of the Independent Director System of Public Companies” delivered
      by China Association for Public Companies, so as to keep abreast of the update on the reform of the independent
      director system in a timely manner.
      The aforesaid investigation and training would be conducive to promoting the improvement of duty performance by
      the Directors and Supervisors of the Company, ensuring that the Directors and Supervisors get the full picture of the
      information required for their duty performance and continuing to make contributions to the Board of Directors and
      the Board of Supervisors of the Company.



5.8 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
      Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external services provider, were the
      joint company secretaries of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Peng Jiawen is the major contact
      person of the Company on internal issues.
      During the reporting period, Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
      trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules.



5.9 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association
      To further improve the corporate governance system and reflect its concept of compliance and prudent operation,
      sustainable operation and quality development in a full, accurate and comprehensive manner, the Company,
      according to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of
      China and other laws and regulations and the latest regulatory requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory
      authorities, has made all-around review and revision on the Articles of Association of the Company. The amended
      Articles of Association had been approved by the PRC banking regulatory authorities during the reporting period.
      For details, please refer to the announcement dated 24 April 2023 published by the Company on the websites of
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
124   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      5.10 Communication with Shareholders
            The Company attaches great importance to communication with its shareholders, and has established an effective
            communication mechanism with investors. The Board of Directors has always adhered to strict compliance with
            regulatory requirements, performed the obligation to disclose information in compliance with the law, and constantly
            improved the quality of the disclosed information of the Company. The Company provided communication channels
            for investors through the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, hotline and “SSE E-interaction” platform,
            and in the form of shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, results road shows, investor research, securities analyst
            research, etc., which fully satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts at home and abroad to communicate
            with the Company.
            The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed and inspected the implementation of shareholder
            communication policies such as investor relations management and information disclosure during the reporting
            period of the Company, and believes that the above work of the Company is positive and effective. As of the end
            of the reporting period, the price-to-book ratio of the Company’s A shares and H shares remained among the top
            in the domestic banking industry. The Company has obtained the highest rating of A in the annual information
            disclosure evaluation of listed companies on Shanghai Stock Exchange for the tenth consecutive year.

            Investor relations
            During the reporting period, the Company held one on-site annual general meeting, held one annual results press
            conference, one interim results exchange meeting and two quarterly results exchange meetings in the form of on-
            site meeting + video livestreaming; more than 4,000 investors, analysts and media reporters at home and abroad
            participated in the annual results press conference in person or online. At the press conference, the Chairman
            and senior management made in-depth presentations on the results achieved by the Company in constantly
            realising the “Malik Curve” for transformation and development, maintaining dynamically balanced development
            of “Quality, Profitability and Scale”, building the three major capabilities of “wealth management, Fintech and
            risk management”, and consolidating the “fortress-style” balance sheet, and elaborated on the meaning of “value
            creation bank”. At the same time, they gave detailed answers to other market and media concerns such as the
            impact of the real estate risk, credit demand and net interest margin outlook and other matters. The Company
            released the records of investor exchanges on its official website in a timely manner after the meeting. During the
            reporting period, the Company completely resumed offline road show activities, with senior management leading
            the team to conduct overseas road shows in Europe, the United States, Singapore, the Middle East and Hong Kong,
            China, as well as to conduct domestic road shows in Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing, so as to provide an in-depth
            introduction of the Company’s performance highlights, long-term strategy and investment value to domestic and
            overseas investment institutions.
            During the reporting period, the Company participated in investment strategy meetings held by a total of 48
            investment banks and securities companies. The Company received 102 online researches of securities analysts and
            investors and met with more than 1,200 institutional investors. The Company also answered hundreds of phone
            calls from our investors and processed hundreds of messages from our investors on the Company’s official website,
            investors’ mailbox, and “SSE E-interaction” platform.
            The Company has recorded the above-mentioned investor reception and communication activities in accordance
            with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept the relevant documents.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   125
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      Information disclosure
      As a company listed on both Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company has
      established a relatively sound system of information disclosure management in accordance with the domestic and
      overseas regulatory rules, which provides systematic safeguards and a basis for coordinating the Group’s information
      disclosure work. The “Management System for Information Disclosure of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and
      the “Management System for Inside Information and Insiders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” specify the
      internal control procedures and management measures for the disclosure of relevant material information, including
      inside information. Meanwhile, the Company has also established a series of targeted operation mechanisms and
      workflows based on specific work requirements to ensure that internal and external information is circulated in an
      efficient, orderly and confidential manner, so as to guarantee the compliant operation of information disclosure to
      the greatest extent.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with statutory obligations of information disclosure,
      and disclosed all major information in a truthful, accurate, complete, timely and fair manner. At the same time,
      the Company attached importance to enhancing proactiveness and transparency in information disclosure in the
      light of investors’ needs and further strengthened the disclosure of information of concern to investors and hot
      market issues in periodic reports. In accordance with regulatory rules and internal rules and systems, the Company
      effectively managed inside information and insiders, and organised the registration of insiders and other related
      work in a timely manner. In order to enhance the reading experience of investors, the Company produced a short
      video named “CMB Remaining Hopeful Despite Adversity in 2022 “ for the annual report, which achieved good
      communication effects.



      Investor inquiries
      Office of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank
      Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
      Tel: +86 755 8319 8888 (Transfer to the investor relations management team of the Office of the Board of
      Directors)
      Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
      Investors may login onto the page of “CMB Info – Investor Relations – Contact Us” on the Company’s official
      website (www.cmbchina.com) and click the URL link “Email” thereon to leave a message for us.



5.11 Shareholders’ Rights
      Convening of extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meetings
      An extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors upon request in writing
      by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares at such meeting.
      The Board of Directors shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
      of the Company, provide a written reply of approval or disapproval for convening an extraordinary Shareholders’
      General Meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request. If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an
      extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the
      approval for a resolution from the Board of Directors.
      If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting or fails to
      make a reply within 10 days upon receiving the request, the proposers are entitled to propose to the Board of
      Supervisors in writing to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting. If the Board of Supervisors agrees
      to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days
      upon receiving the request. If the Board of Supervisors fails to give such notice of the meeting within the specified
      timeframe, the shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares for more
      than 90 consecutive days may convene and preside over an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting on their
      own.
126   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            Making interim proposals at the Shareholders’ General Meetings
            If the Company convenes a Shareholders’ General Meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
            3% of the total voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company at least 15
            working days before the convening of the Shareholders’ General Meeting and submit the same to the convenor.
            The convenor shall issue a supplemental notice of the Shareholders’ General Meeting within 2 working days upon
            receiving the interim proposals, and announce the contents of such proposals.
            Please refer to section 1.1.4 in Chapter I “Company Information” for the relevant contact details of making interim
            proposals to the Shareholders’ General Meetings.



            Convening of extraordinary board meeting
            An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of
            the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within 10 days upon receiving such
            proposal requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of the voting rights.



            Making inquiries and suggestions to the Board of Directors
            Shareholders are entitled to inquire the information on the Company in accordance with the provisions of the
            Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
            of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, on condition that the identity of whom has been verified by the
            Company. For shareholders who need to inquire relevant information on the Company or have any inquiries about
            their shareholdings in the Company, please refer to sections 1.1.4 and 1.1.9 in Chapter I “Company Information”
            for details of the relevant contacts.
            Shareholders are entitled to supervise the operation of the Company and put forward suggestions or inquiries on it,
            please refer to Chapter V “Investor Inquiries” for details of the relevant contacts.



            Special provisions on rights of holders of preference shares
            In the event of any of the following circumstances, the Company shall notify the preference shareholders of the
            convening of a Shareholders’ General Meeting and follow the procedures for notifying the ordinary shareholders
            set forth in the Articles of Association of the Company. The preference shareholders of the Company shall be
            entitled to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the classified voting with ordinary shareholders on the
            following matters: (1) amendments to the Articles of Association in relation to preference shares; (2) reduction of
            the registered capital of the Company by more than 10% at one time or in the aggregate; (3) merger, division,
            dissolution or change of corporate form of the Company; (4) issuance of preference shares; and (5) other
            circumstances as specified by laws, administrative regulations or the Articles of Association.
            If the Company fails to pay dividends on preference shares as agreed for a total of three fiscal years or two
            consecutive fiscal years, the voting rights of the preference shareholders shall be restored, and the preference
            shareholders shall have the right to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and vote with ordinary shareholders
            from the day following the date on which the Shareholders’ General Meeting resolves not to distribute the dividends
            of the preference shares as agreed for that year. The voting rights of the aforesaid preference shareholders shall
            remain in effect until such time as the Company pays the dividends in full for that year.



            Other rights
            The ordinary shareholders of the Company are entitled to receive distributable profits and other forms of profit
            appropriation based on their shareholdings. The preference shareholders of the Company are entitled to preferential
            profit appropriation.
            Other rights conferred by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                            127
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.12 Profit Appropriation
5.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2023
      Ten percent of the audited net profit of the Company for 2023 of RMB137.521 billion, equivalent to RMB13.752
      billion, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the balance of the end-of-period assets with
      the Company bearing risks and losses, equivalent to RMB7.787 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve.
      2.5% of the Company’s mutual fund custody fee income for 2023, equivalent to RMB68 million, was appropriated
      to the risk reserve for the mutual fund custody business. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares
      on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash dividend
      of RMB1.972 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register,
      denominated and declared in Renminbi, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for
      holders of H Shares. The actual appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated based on the average RMB/
      HKD benchmark rate to be released by the People’s Bank of China for the previous week (including the day of the
      Shareholders’ General Meeting) before the date of the Shareholders’ General Meeting. The retained profits will be
      carried forward to the next year. In 2023, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The
      above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the
      Company.
      For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
      the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2023 Annual General
      Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2023, the Company will make further
      announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
      Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2024.



5.12.2 Profit appropriation of the Company for the last three years
                                                                                                                  Net profit Proportion of
                                                                                                                attributable cash dividend
                                                                    Number of                                     to holders   to net profit
                                                                          shares                                 of ordinary    attributable
                                                                      issued on                                shares in the      to holders
                                                                  capitalisation            Total cash         consolidated      of ordinary
                       Number of           Cash dividend             of surplus              dividends              financial  shares in the
                     bonus shares               for every           reserve for           (inclusive of          statements    consolidated
                   for every share             share held          every share                   tax, in        for the year        financial
                              held           (inclusive of                  held               millions        (in millions of   statements
      Year         (No. of shares)          tax, in RMB)        (No. of shares)                of RMB)                  RMB)             (%)
      2021                            –               1.522                       –              38,385               116,309                  33.00
      2022                            –               1.738                       –              43,832               132,775                  33.01
      2023(Note)                      –               1.972                       –              49,734               142,044                  35.01

      Note:   The profit appropriation plan for 2023 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
128   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
            1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
                   of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
                   (1)    Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of shareholders,
                          and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability.
                   (2)    The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                          it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                          and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                          the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                          investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                          Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                          net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                          PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                          resolution is passed at the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorised
                          by the shareholders at a Shareholders’ General Meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation
                          plan.
                   (3)    If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did not
                          make any cash profit appropriation plan after the end of the previous accounting year, the Company
                          shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in the
                          periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard.
                   (4)    If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the
                          size of the share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the
                          Board of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the
                          same upon consideration and approval at a Shareholders’ General Meeting, provided that the above-
                          mentioned cash profit appropriation requirements are satisfied.
                   (5)    The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                          domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                          pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                          declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong Dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                          for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                          be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State.
                   (6)    Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                          has been identified, the Company shall make a deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to
                          such shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated.
                   (7)    The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                          relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
            2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2022 was implemented in
                   strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
                   Ltd. It was considered and approved by the 15th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
                   of the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. The
                   minority shareholders were afforded opportunities to fully express their views and requests. The criteria
                   and proportion of cash dividends were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
                   has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company and its
                   implementation have provided adequate protection for the legitimate rights and interests of minority
                   investors. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2023 will also be implemented in strict
                   accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..
                   It will be considered and approved by the 31st meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of
                   the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the
                   Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    129
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.13 Taxes and Tax Deductions
      The shareholders of the Company paid relevant taxes according to the following regulations and the tax laws
      updated from time to time, enjoyed possible tax deductions as the case may be, and shall consult with its
      professional tax and legal consultants for specific payment affairs. The laws, regulations, and rules cited as follows
      are relevant provisions promulgated as of 31 December 2023.



      A-share shareholders
      For natural person shareholders and securities investment fund shareholders holding the Company’s A shares,
      according to relevant provisions of the Notice on the Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Policies for
      Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from Listed Companies (關於實施
      上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2012] No.85) and the Notice on the Issues
      Concerning the Policies for Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from
      Listed Companies (關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2015] No.101), if the
      holding period is within one month (including one month), the full amount of dividends and bonuses shall be
      included in the taxable income, and the actual tax burden is 20%; if the holding period is from 1 month to 1 year
      (including 1 year), 50% of the dividends and bonuses shall be included in the taxable income, and the actual tax
      burden is 10%; if the holding period exceeds one year, the dividends and bonuses shall be temporarily exempted
      from individual income tax.
      For qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders who hold the Company’s A shares, the Company shall,
      in accordance with the provisions as set forth in the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
      Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企業
      向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47), the Company
      shall withhold and pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10%. If qualified foreign institutional investor
      (QFII) shareholders are involved in enjoying tax treaty (arrangement) treatment, the withholding of enterprise
      income tax shall be implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on
      Administrative Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to be Entitled to Benefits under Tax Treaty (國家稅務總局關於
      發佈〈非居民納稅人享受協定待遇管理辦法〉的公告) (State Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019)
      and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for
      Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所
      得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47).
      For investors (including enterprises and individuals) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK) investing
      in the Company’s A shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (referred to as Northbound Trading). According to
      the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (關於滬港
      股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知) (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), the dividends and bonuses shall be
      distributed in RMB by the Company through China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai
      Branch to the account of the nominal holder of A shares. The Company will withhold income tax at the tax rate of
      10% and apply to the competent taxation authority for withholding declaration. For Northbound Trading investors
      who are tax residents of other countries or regions and the income tax rate for dividends and bonuses is lower than
      10% as stipulated in the tax treaty signed between its domicile country or region and China, the withholding of
      enterprise income tax shall be implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of
      Taxation on Administrative Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to Enjoy Treaty Benefits under Tax Treaty (State
      Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot
      Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81).
      For other A-share shareholders (including institutional investors) who are resident enterprises under the Law of the
      People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the income tax shall be declared and paid by themselves.
130   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            H-share shareholders
            According to relevant provisions of the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual
            Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (關於國稅發[1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管
            問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
            Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Distribution of Dividends to H-share Shareholders Who Are Foreign Non-
            resident Enterprises (關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知)
            (Guo Shui Han [2008] No.897), the Company withholds dividend income tax at the tax rate of 10% for individual
            and enterprise shareholders of the Company’s H shares. However, if otherwise set forth in relevant tax laws,
            regulations, and treaties, the Company shall handle specifically in accordance with the collection and administration
            requirements of the taxation authorities.
            For investors investing in the Company’s H shares through Southbound Trading, according to the relevant
            requirements of the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
            Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-
            Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127), the Company shall withhold individual income tax at the tax
            rate of 20% for dividends received by individual investors in the Chinese mainland from investing in the Company’s
            H shares through Southbound Trading; dividends received by securities investment funds in the Chinese mainland
            from investing in the Company’s H shares through Southbound Trading shall be taxed as individual investors; the
            Company will not withhold income tax on dividends for corporate investors in the Chinese mainland, and the tax
            payable shall be declared and paid by the relevant enterprises themselves.



            Shareholders of domestic preferred shares
            The individual income tax payment matters related to the dividends of domestic preferred shares obtained by
            individuals through non-public issuance shall be handled in accordance with relevant taxation laws and regulations
            of China.
            According to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and the Regulations for
            Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax, the dividend income of domestic preferred shares among
            eligible resident enterprises shall be tax-free income. The dividend income of domestic preferred shares obtained
            by non-resident enterprises shall be tax-deductible, and the enterprise income tax shall be levied at the tax rate of
            10%.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                    131
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.14 Information on Employees
         As of 31 December 2023, the Group had a total of 116,529 employees27 (including dispatched employees).
         The classification of the Group’s employees by gender is: 49,864 males and 66,665 females, with a relatively
         balanced gender ratio.
         The classification of the Group’s employees by profession is: 19,746 employees in corporate finance, 52,834
         employees in retail finance, 6,844 employees in risk management, 17,377 employees in operation and management,
         10,650 employees in research and development, 983 employees in administrative and logistics support and 8,095
         employees in comprehensive management.
         The classification of the Group’s employees by educational background is: 28,352 employees with master’s degrees
         and above, 74,849 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 13,328 employees with junior college degrees or below.
         The distribution of the Group’s employees by regions is: 29,066 employees in the Yangtze River Delta, 14,471
         employees in the Bohai Rim, 36,176 employees in the Pearl River Delta and the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
         Zone, 5,217 employees in the Northeast, 12,361 employees in the Central, 16,029 employees in the West and 3,209
         employees outside the Chinese mainland.
         The classification of the Group’s employees in research and development by educational background is: 5,087
         employees with master’s degrees or above, 5,453 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 110 employees with junior
         college degrees or below. The age structure is as follows: 5,424 employees aged 30 and below, 4,263 employees
         aged 30-40 (excluding 30, but including 40), 813 employees aged 40-50 (excluding 40, but including 50) and 150
         employees aged 50-60 (excluding 50, but including 60).
         The Company is committed to eliminating gender discrimination in recruitment. In terms of remuneration
         management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration and benefits, and provides
         employees with equal training and career development opportunities. For details, please refer to 4.3.6 “Human
         resources development” in this report. The Company will continue to take steps to promote diversity among
         employees at all levels.



         Staff remuneration policy and training
         The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its cultural concepts, operation targets and corporate values.
         It aims to “improve its market-based remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanisms, serve its strategic and
         business development and fully mobilise the enthusiasm of its teams”. The remuneration policy adheres to the
         remuneration management principles featuring “value guidance, performance base, Six Can-do mechanism and risk
         control” and reflects the remuneration concept of “get more pay for more work in a flexible way”. At the same
         time, in order to mitigate various operating and management risks, the Company has established a mechanism
         related to remuneration deferred payment and performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction in
         accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management needs. During the reporting period, the
         Company implemented the performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction against 4,415 people, with the
         performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction amount of RMB43.29 million.
         The Company has established a multi-level, professional and digital talent training system, and adopts a diversified
         training method that combines online and offline training. The contents of training mainly focus on knowledge of its
         business and products, professional ethics and risk compliance, cultural values and leadership, covering employees’
         needs for career growth at different levels.
         For details of the Company’s human resources development, please refer to section 4.3.6 “Human resources
         development” in this report.




27
     Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital and its subsidiaries, CMB
     Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, CIGNA & CMAM, MUCFC, CMB Network Technology and
     CMB YunChuang.
132   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      5.15   Organisational Structure of the Company as at the End of the Reporting Period

                                                                       Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                      Office of the Board of Supervisors


                                                                               General Office                          Consumer Rights Protection Centre (Customer Service Centre)#


                                                                       Human Resources Department


                                                                                Fintech Office                                    Investment Management Department#


                                                               Assets and Liabilities Management Department                    Overseas Branch Management Department#


                                                                      Financial Accounting Department                            Procurement Management Department#


                                                                     General Office of Corporate Finance


                                                                      Strategic Customers Department


                                                                     Institutional Customers Department


                                                                      Pension Finance Department


                                                                      Financial Institutions Department


                                                                     Transaction Banking Department


                                                                     Cross-border Finance Department                                  Offshore Business Department#


                                                                        Inclusive Finance Department




                                           Head Office
                                                          General Office of Investment Banking and Financial Markets


                                                                       Investment Banking Department




                    China Merchants Bank
                                                                            Global Markets Centre


                                                                       Asset Management Department




                                           Branches
                                                                         Asset Custody Department


                                                                         Bills Business Department


                                                                         Bill Brokerage Department*




                                           Sub-branches
                                                                       General Office of Retail Finance


                                                                  Wealth Management Platform Department                             Network Operation Service Centre#


                                                                        Private Banking Department


                                                                      Retail Credit Business Department                                Consumer Finance Centre#


                                                                             Credit Card Centre                                 Operational Risk Management Department#


                                                                       Risk Management Department                                 Market Risk Management Department#


                                                                        Credit Approval Department


                                                                         Asset Security Department


                                                                    Operation Management Department                                         Operation Centre#


                                                                    Information Technology Department                                 Retail Application R&D Centre#


                                                                             Audit Department                                      Wholesale Application R&D Centre#


                                                                                                                                       Infrastructure R&D Centre#
                                                                           Inspection Department

                                                                                                                                  Data Asset and Platform R&D Centre#
                                                               Party Committee Inspection Leading Team Office
                                                                                                                                             Testing Centre#
                                                                        Legal Compliance Department
                                                                                                                                           Cloud Data Centre#

                                                                           CMB Research Institute
                                                                                                                                          Security Department#

                                                                               Training Centre
                                                                                                                                       Anti-money Laundering and
                                                                                                                                Sanction Compliance Management Centre#

                                                                         Office of the Labour Union


                                                                         Administration Department                                  Project Management Department#


                                                               Representative Offices (United States and Taipei)

                                                                                                                            Note：#secondary department
                                                                                                                                 *independent secondary department
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                133
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


5.16   Head Office and Branches and Representative Offices
                                                                                                             Asset scale
                                                                                                   No. of   (in millions
       Region                Name of branch       Business address                               branches       of RMB)
       Head Office           Head Office          7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,             1     3,182,493
                                                    Shenzhen
                             Credit Card Centre   686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New Area,                    1       893,692
                                                    Shanghai
                             Global Markets       Floor 6, Building 2, No. 1088, Lujiazui Ring         1       977,988
                               Centre               Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
       Yangtze River Delta   Shanghai Branch      1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New                102       442,813
                                                    Area, Shanghai
                             Shanghai Pilot       56 Bohang Road, Pudong New Area,                     4        10,477
                               Free Trade Zone      Shanghai
                               Branch
                             Nanjing Branch       199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing           85       281,062
                             Hangzhou Branch      300 Fuchun Road, Shangcheng District,               78       279,521
                                                    Hangzhou
                             Ningbo Branch        342 Min’ an East Road, Yinzhou District,            34       105,030
                                                    Ningbo
                             Suzhou Branch        36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park,                34       156,045
                                                    Suzhou
                             Wuxi Branch          6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu            20        71,093
                                                    District, Wuxi
                             Wenzhou Branch       464 Fudong Road, Lucheng District,                  15        39,404
                                                    Wenzhou
                             Nantong Branch       111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                          18        38,327
       Bohai Rim             Beijing Branch      156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District,          129       515,074
                                                   Beijing
                             Qingdao Branch      65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao            54        77,123
                             Tianjin Branch      255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road,               44       106,417
                                                   Hexi District, Tianjin
                             Jinan Branch        7000 Jingshi Road, High-tech Zone, Jinan             64       136,831
                             Yantai Branch       117 Changjiang Road, Economic &                      17        32,305
                                                   Technological Development Area, Yantai
                             Shijiazhuang Branch 172 Zhonghua South Street, Qiaoxi District,          20        36,123
                                                   Shijiazhuang
                             Tangshan Branch     45 Beixinxi Road, Lubei District, Tangshan           11        12,987
       Pearl River Delta     Guangzhou Branch     5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou           74       267,947
         and the Western     Shenzhen Branch      2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,           121       551,106
         Taiwan Straits                             Shenzhen
         Economic Zone       Fuzhou Branch        316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard, Taijiang               41        82,835
                                                    District, Fuzhou
                             Xiamen Branch        18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District,               33        80,627
                                                    Xiamen
                             Quanzhou Branch      China SCE • International Finance Centre (中         17        32,445
                                                    駿•國金中心), South of Eastern Section of
                                                    Baozhou Road, Fengze District, Quanzhou
                             Dongguan Branch      200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District,                 29        74,215
                                                    Dongguan
                             Foshan Branch        12 Denghu Road East, Nanhai District,               36        84,347
                                                    Foshan
       Northeast             Shenyang Branch      12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang         51        50,799
                             Dalian Branch        17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian          35        44,465
                             Harbin Branch        3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin          40        46,617
                             Changchun Branch     9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District,               23        26,806
                                                    Changchun
134   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                                                                 Asset scale
                                                                                                       No. of   (in millions
            Region               Name of branch       Business address                               branches       of RMB)
            Central              Wuhan Branch         188 Yunxia Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan           99       210,665
                                 Nanchang Branch      1111 Huizhan Road, Honggutan New                    51        98,245
                                                        District, Nanchang
                                 Changsha Branch      39 Chazishan East Road, Yuelu District,             50        97,834
                                                        Changsha
                                 Hefei Branch         169 Funan Road, Hefei                               42        97,690
                                 Zhengzhou Branch     96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                      53       101,307
                                 Taiyuan Branch       265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian                   23        37,794
                                                        District, Taiyuan
                                 Haikou Branch        1 Shimao Road North, Haikou                         10        34,585
            West                 Chengdu Branch       1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road South,            59       121,684
                                                        Wuhou District, Chengdu
                                 Lanzhou Branch       9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District,                25        43,304
                                                        Lanzhou
                                 Xi’an Branch         1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Gaoxin District, Xi’an          69       141,213
                                 Chongqing Branch     88 Xingguang Road, New North District,              53       130,442
                                                        Chongqing
                                 Urumchi Branch       2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                             18        34,294
                                 Kunming Branch       1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District,                  56        74,485
                                                        Kunming
                                 Hohhot Branch        9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District,               24        33,349
                                                        Hohhot
                                 Nanning Branch       No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,            20        40,499
                                                        Nanning
                                 Guiyang Branch       West 2nd Tower, International Finance               18        34,433
                                                        Centre, Guanshanhu District, Guiyang
                                 Yinchuan Branch      138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District,            15        16,982
                                                        Yinchuan
                                 Xining Branch        79 Haiyan Road, Chengxi District, Xining            10        10,570
            Overseas             Hong Kong Branch     31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught             1       108,116
                                                        Place, Central, Hong Kong
                                 USA Representative   535 Madison Avenue, 18th Floor, New                  1               /
                                   Office               York, U.S.A
                                 New York Branch      535 Madison Avenue, 18th Floor, New                  1        61,224
                                                        York, U.S.A
                                 Singapore Branch     1 Raffles Place, Tower 2, #32-61, Singapore          1        14,799
                                 Taipei               333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District,         1             /
                                   Representative       Taipei
                                   Office
                                 Luxembourg Branch 20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg                  1        13,476
                                 London Branch     18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                   1        10,936
                                 Sydney Branch     L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                   1        12,283
            Total                /                    /                                                 1,935   10,317,223
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   135
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.17 Internal Control
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to conduct educational program in respect of compliance,
      case study and code of conduct while constantly strengthening employees’ awareness of risks, compliance, policies
      and the big picture, actively carried out the culture publicity activity of “Compliance 2023”. By organising various
      compliance publicity activities such as the compliance image publicity video exhibition, writing competition on
      compliance, selection for excellent compliance teaching, online learning of “compliance short video”, etc., the
      Company further enhanced the compliance awareness and red-line mentality of all management staff and employees,
      and deeply cultivated the compliance culture of “observing laws and disciplines”, providing long-term compliance
      guarantee for the healthy development of various businesses. Meanwhile, the Company further strengthened the
      internal supervision and inspection work, organised the Head Office departments and domestic branches to prepare
      annual inspection plans based on the weak management areas and problem-prone aspects while supervising the
      implementation of these plans, and promoted the establishment of inspection and supervision teams at all domestic
      branches to ensure that the management of branches can proactively, comprehensively and effectively grasp the
      problems and deficiencies in risk management and internal control of their respective branches. In addition, the
      Company fully implemented the rectification work of the problems found in the internal and external inspection and
      effectively guaranteed the compliance operation and stable development of the Company’s businesses.
      During the reporting period, the Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the
      whole Bank in 2023. As reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of
      completeness, reasonableness and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details,
      please refer to the “Report of Evaluation on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2023”, and
      the “Auditors’ Report on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2023” issued by Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP with standard unqualified opinions.



5.18 Internal Audit
      The Company implements an independent and vertical internal audit system. The Board of Directors shall take the
      ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of the internal audit, review and approve the internal
      audit charter, audit organisation system, medium- and long-term audit plan and annual audit plan, appoint the
      head of the Audit Department, provide necessary guarantees for the independent and objective implementation
      of internal audit and assess the independence and effectiveness of internal audit. The Head Office has set up an
      Audit Department to undertake specific internal audit responsibilities, accept the leadership of the Head Office
      Party Committee, be responsible for and report to the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee and accept the
      guidance of the Board of Supervisors. The Head Office Audit Department has nine audit divisions to strengthen the
      audit, inspection and rectification follow-up of regional branches and institutions. The Head Office Audit Department
      has set up nine teams to increase support and guidance to the audit division and four corresponding audit teams to
      strengthen the audit of Head Office departments, overseas institutions, credit card business, etc.
      During the reporting period, the Company further strengthened internal control, risk management, and internal
      audit. The Company focused on the implementation of national economic and financial policies, followed the key
      points of strategy, risk and supervision, adhered to the value and problem orientation, carried out audit inspection
      around serving the real economy, green finance, inclusive finance and other aspects, prevented risks, promoted
      rectification, consolidated the foundation, promoted the construction of digital audit, and effectively promoted the
      steady development of bank-wide operation and management.



5.19 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
      The Company has applied the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the
      Hong Kong Listing Rules to its corporate governance structure and practices, and the application of such principles
      is set out in this report. During the reporting period, the Company had complied with the principles and code
      provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and adhered to the majority of the recommended best practices
      thereunder.
136   招商銀行股份有限公司     第二章   會計數據和財務指標摘要
      2023年度報告（H股）



      Focusing on the core
      needs of customers,
      accompanying customers
      to grow together
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                    137
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Important Events

6.1 Principal Business Activities
       The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



6.2 Financial Highlights
       Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



6.3 Reserve Available for Distribution
       For details of changes in the reserve available for distribution of the Company, please refer to the “Statement of
       Changes in Equity” in the financial statements.



6.4 Fixed Assets
       Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the
       financial statements.



6.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
       Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
       during the reporting period.



6.6 Pre-emptive Rights
       There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
       of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



6.7 Retirement and Welfare
       Details about retirement welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the financial
       statements.



6.8 Principal Customers
       As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
       did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
138   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      6.9 Compliance with Laws and Regulations
             During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
             regulations that would have a material impact on the operations of the Company.



      6.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
           the Company
             During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
             compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



      6.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
           Supervisors and Senior Management
             Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
             material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



      6.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
           Supervisors
             During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts
             of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors
             of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not terminable by the Company
             within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



      6.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
           Supervisors or Senior Management
             During the reporting period, the Company was not subject to criminal investigations for suspected crimes. The
             Company, its Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were not subject to criminal punishment, or
             subject to investigations by the CSRC or administrative punishment by the CSRC for suspected violations of laws and
             regulations, or subject to administrative punishments by other competent authorities that have major impact on the
             operation of the Company. None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management members of the Company
             was subject to compulsory measures in accordance with the law for suspected crimes, or subject to detention by
             the disciplinary inspection and supervision authorities for suspected serious violations of laws and regulations or
             duty-related crimes that affected the performance of their duties, or subject to compulsory measures taken by other
             competent authorities for suspected violations of laws and regulations that affected the performance of their duties.



      6.14 Explanation on the Integrity of the Company
             During the reporting period, there were no circumstances where the Company failed to fulfill any obligation under
             effective court judgements or repay any due debt of a significant amount.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                     139
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



6.15 Undertakings
       In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
       Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船股份有限公司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
       Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
       Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
       terms more favourable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of
       the loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company.
       Upon expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until
       they obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
       transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ General Meeting
       of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
       impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
       Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
       Limited and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above
       shareholders had not violated the aforesaid undertakings.
       According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
       Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
       Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting, and formulated the remedial measures in respect of the dilution
       of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance of preference
       shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also undertook to earnestly implement
       the remedial measures. For details, please refer to the documents of the 2016 Annual General Meeting of the
       Company published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
       and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, neither the Company nor
       its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid undertakings.



6.16 Significant Connected Transactions28
6.16.1 Overview of connected transactions
       Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, a majority of continuing connected transactions of the
       Company met de minimis exemption and the non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the relevant
       reporting and announcement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



6.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
       As at the end of the reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45%
       of the equity interest in CMFM, respectively. Therefore, in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, CMFM
       and its associates (“CMFM Group”) are connected parties of the Company, and the fund agency distribution service
       provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
       Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
       On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM on normal
       commercial principles after arm’s length negotiation for a term commencing on 1 January 2023 and expiring on
       31 December 2025. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates specified in the fund offering documents
       and/or the offering prospectuses, and shall pay agency service fees to the Company according to the agreement.
       Meanwhile, the Company has announced the annual caps of RMB1.5 billion, RMB1.8 billion and RMB2.2 billion for
       the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively as approved by the
       Board of Directors. The annual caps for the service fees were not more than 5% of the relevant percentage ratios
       calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, these transactions would only
       be subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
       and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. For details, please refer to the relevant
       announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.
       During the reporting period, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group
       amounted to RMB1,016 million.




28
       Both “connected transactions” and “connected parties” in this section are terms used in Hong Kong Listing Rules.
140   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      6.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
             The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
             continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group and confirmed that:
             1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
             2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                    shareholders as a whole;
             3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
             4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
             Furthermore, pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche
             Tohmatsu to perform relevant assurance procedures on the continuing connected transactions of the Group in
             accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
             Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
             “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong
             Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors confirmed that the auditor has reported the
             results of its performing procedures to the Board of Directors.
             Regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing of these transactions has come to the attention
             of the auditor as to the circumstances described under rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Deloitte Touche
             Tohmatsu has issued an assurance letter in respect of the findings of the above continuing connected transactions.



      6.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
             The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
             statements. These transactions were entered into between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary course
             of business on normal commercial terms and with the principle of fairness, including borrowings, investments,
             deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet
             transactions, and those which constituted connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules were in
             compliance with the applicable requirements thereof.



      6.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
             Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
             the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 288 pending on
             final judgement cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate
             principal and interest of RMB3,307 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration
             cases would have a material adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



      6.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance
             Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
             leasing of assets
             During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contract signed in connection with holding
             in custody, contracting, hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies outside the normal scope of banking
             businesses, or vice versa.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                    141
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


       Significant guarantees
       Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save
       for the financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the PRC banking regulatory
       authorities, the Company did not have any other significant discloseable guarantees, nor was the Company a party
       to any guarantee contract in violation of the resolution procedures of external guarantees as required by laws,
       administrative regulations and the CSRC.



6.19 Use of Funds by Related Parties
       During the reporting period, no related parties used any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and
       none of them used the funds of the Company through, among others, any related party transactions not entered
       into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the
       Company, has issued a special audit opinion in this regard.



6.20 Engagement of Accounting Firms
       Upon the approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
       Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic
       subsidiaries for 2023, and engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu et al., the overseas related member organisations of
       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the international accounting firms of the Company
       and its overseas subsidiaries for 2023. The term of each of the engagements is one year. The above-mentioned
       accounting firms have been engaged as auditors of the Company since 2016. Wu Lingzhi and Sun Weiqi are the
       certified public accountants who signed the audit report on the Company’s financial statements for 2023 prepared
       in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, who have been serving as the public
       accountants signing the financial statements of the Company since 2021 and 2022, respectively. Upon completion
       of the annual audit work for the year 2023 of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
       LLP and its overseas related member organisations Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu et al., have been providing audit
       services for the Company for eight consecutive years.
       The financial statements of the Company for 2023 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
       and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2023 were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
       Certified Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2023 prepared under International Financial
       Reporting Standards were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees of the Group amounted to
       approximately RMB33.75 million, among which the audit fees for internal control were approximately RMB1.59
       million. The Company paid the total non-audit fees of approximately RMB18.74 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
       Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for 2023. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
       Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not
       compromise their audit independence.



6.21 Explanation of Changes of Accounting Policies and Accounting
     Estimates
       For details of the changes of accounting policies and accounting estimates of the Company during the reporting
       period, please refer to Note 3 “Application of new and amendments to IFRSs” to the financial statements.
142   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      6.22 Review of Annual Results
             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, both being the external
             auditors of the Company, have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the
             PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards, respectively, and
             each has issued an unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has
             reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2023.



      6.23 Annual General Meeting
             For the convening of its 2023 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



      6.24 Management Contracts
             No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
             the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.



      6.25 Permitted Indemnity Provision
             The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisors and
             senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisors and senior management arising out
             of corporate activities.



      6.26 Publication of Annual Report
             The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
             Financial Reporting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong
             Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the
             English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
             The Company also prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
             Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
             Stock Exchange and the Company.
招商銀行股份有限公司     第二章   會計數據和財務指標摘要   143
2023年度報告（H股）



Improving the elderly care
service system to promote
stable happiness of the
elderly
144   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

      7.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
          Reporting Period
                                                                            31 December 2022           Changes in the        31 December 2023
                                                                                                        No. of shares
                                                                                                           during the
                                                                                                            reporting
                                                                          No. of shares   Percentage           period     No. of shares Percentage
                                                                                (share)          (%)           (share)          (share)         (%)
            1.    Shares subject to trading restrictions on sales                    –            –                 –                 –          –
            2.    Shares not subject to trading restrictions on sales   25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00
                  (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)                 20,628,944,429        81.80                 –    20,628,944,429      81.80
                  (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                             –            –                 –                 –          –
                  (3) Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)          4,590,901,172        18.20                 –     4,590,901,172      18.20
                  (4) Others                                                         –            –                 –                 –          –
            3.    Total shares                                          25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00

            As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 676,450 shareholders of ordinary shares,
            including 647,881 holders of A Shares and 28,569 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the
            holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
            As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 29 February 2024), the Company
            had a total of 608,227 holders of ordinary shares, including 579,752 holders of A Shares and 28,475 holders of H
            Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
            Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, as at the end of the reporting
            period, the Company had maintained the public float in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                                         145
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



7.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
    Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
    Restrictions on Sales
                                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                                                       shares held    Number of
                                                                                                                                                         subject to       shares
                                                                         Shares held at Percentage of                                   Changes in         trading     pledged,
                                                                         the end of the the total share                               the reporting    restrictions   marked or
                                                     Type of                    period          capital                                      period        on sales      frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholders                shareholders               (share)             (%)   Type of shares                     (share)        (share)      (share)
      1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                  Overseas legal      4,554,053,841           18.06    H Shares not subject to           796,918              –     Unknown
                                                       person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      2         China Merchants Steam Navigation     State-owned legal 3,289,470,337             13.04    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      3         China Ocean Shipping Company         State-owned legal 1,574,729,111              6.24    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Limited                              person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      4         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and     State-owned legal 1,258,542,349              4.99    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      5         China Merchants Financial Holdings   State-owned legal 1,147,377,415              4.55    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      6         Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. –   Domestic legal      1,130,991,537            4.48    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Traditional – Ordinary insurance     person                                               trading restrictions on
                  products                                                                                  sales

      7         Hong Kong Securities Clearing        Overseas legal      1,060,494,391            4.20    A Shares not subject to -446,296,795                   –             –
                  Company Limited                      person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      8         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and     State-owned legal     944,013,171            3.74    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      9         Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. –     Domestic legal        776,574,735            3.08    A Shares not subject to       -28,333,100              –             –
                  Universal products                   person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      10        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co.,      State-owned legal     696,450,214            2.76    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Ltd.                                 person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      Notes:

      (1)   Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on the
            transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others to hold
            shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by investors through
            Northbound Trading.

      (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, among the aforesaid top ten shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities
            Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Company Ltd., China
            Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China Merchants
            Group Ltd.; and China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are both subsidiaries of China COSCO
            Shipping Corporation Limited. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among other shareholders.

      (3)   There were no cases of proxy, trustee nor waiver of voting rights for the above holders of A Shares.

      (4)   During the reporting period, the above holders of A Shares did not participate in the margin trading and short selling business. The number of
            outstanding A Shares of the Company lent out through securities lending by the above holders of A Shares at the beginning and the end of the
            reporting period was zero.
146   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      7.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
      7.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Financial Holdings Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
            and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants
            Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Limited,
            indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company.
            Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% shares in the Company, and is
            the largest shareholder of the Company with a registered capital of RMB17 billion as at the end of the reporting
            period, and its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. mainly engages
            in passenger and cargo shipping businesses; dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation; investment and
            management of tugboat and barge transportation business; repair, construction and trading of ships and offshore
            oil drilling equipment; sale, purchase and supply of various transportation equipment, spare parts and materials; ship
            and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction of water and land-based construction projects; and businesses
            such as investment and management of finance, insurance, trust, securities and futures industries.
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder,
            with a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is
            a central enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
            the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China
            was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which
            played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time.
            Nowadays, it has developed into a diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three core industries,
            namely integrated transportation, featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and industrial zones. It
            is realising the transformation from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial operation, financial
            services, investment and capital operation.
            The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
            period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
            largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum
            of the amounts listed are due to rounding):


                                                                                           China Merchants Group Ltd.


                                                                                                100%

                                                                                             China Merchants Steam
                                                                                               Navigation Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                100%

                                                                                   China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.


                    100%                                                                                           100%
                                                                                                                                                   27.59%
                China Merchants Holdings                                                                      China Merchants Financial Holdings             China Merchants China
              (Hong Kong) Company Limited                                                                       (Hong Kong) Company Limited                 Direct Investments Limited


                    50%                           100%                         100%                                100%                                         100%
                 China Merchants            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment   Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment               Best Winner                              China Merchants Industry
                 Union (BVI) Limited        and Development Company Ltd    and Development Company Ltd.            Investment Limited                       Development (Shenzhen) Limited




                1.89%                             4.99%                        3.74%            4.55%             1.53%                                        0.22%                 13.04%

                                                                                                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.



            Note:     China Merchants Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited was renamed from CMF Holdings Limited.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                      147
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


7.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
      Company
      As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate of
      9.97% shares in the Company through its holding subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company Limited,
      COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd. (廣州海寧海
      務技術諮詢有限公司), COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運(上海)有限公司), COSCO Shipping Investment
      Holdings Co., Limited (中遠海運投資控股有限公司) and Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油
      品運輸有限公司). There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping Company
      Limited held 6.24% shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor of China
      Ocean Shipping Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983. The registered capital of China Ocean
      Shipping Company Limited was RMB16.191 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is
      Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime
      transportation; acceptance of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and
      abroad; leasing, construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related
      facilities; ship escrowing business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to
      shipping business at home and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business
      and seafarer assignment business.
      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
      and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established on 5 February
      2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is
      Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime
      transportation; imports and exports of goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding
      business; ship leasing; sales of ships, containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal
      and port investment; communication equipment sales, information and technical services; warehousing (except
      hazardous chemicals); engaged in technology development, technology transfer, technical consulting, technical
      services and equity investment funds in the field of shipping and spare parts.



7.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
      1.     As at the end of the reporting period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 3.08% shares in the Company,
             and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. The
             controlling shareholder of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. Dajia Insurance
             Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019, with a registered capital of RMB20.36 billion as at the end
             of the reporting period, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. Its controlling shareholder and de facto
             controller is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd..
      2.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group Ltd. through its holding
             subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Capital Holdings Limited,
             CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co., Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbour Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai
             Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua (Shenzhen) Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbour Consultants Co.,
             Ltd., indirectly held an aggregate of 1.68% shares in the Company. As at the end of the reporting period,
             China Communications Construction Group has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no
             pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction Group Ltd. was established on
             8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion as at the end of the reporting period, and
             its legal representative is Wang Tongzhou. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and
             Administration Commission of the State Council.
      3.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% shares in the Company
             and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. SAIC
             Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital of RMB11.683 billion
             as at the end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Chen Hong. Its de facto controller is the
             State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai.
148   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


      7.3.4 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the Company under
            Hong Kong laws and regulations
            As at 31 December 2023, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
            Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed
            are due to rounding) as follows:
                                                                                                                 Percentage    Percentage
                                                                                                                      of the         of the
            Name of                                                                                           relevant class   total issued
            substantial              Class of   Long/short                            No. of shares                of shares      ordinary
            shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                      (shares)   Notes     in issue (%)    shares (%)
            China Merchants Group    A          Long         Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
             Ltd.                                              corporation
                                                Long         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                      6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                               corporation

            China Merchants Steam    A          Long         Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
            Navigation Co., Ltd.                Long         Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                                               corporation
                                                Long         Other                      55,196,540
                                                                                      6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants Financial A         Long         Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
              Holdings Co., Ltd.                Long         Interest of controlled   2,260,702,660
              (former name: China                              corporation
             Merchants Finance                  Long         Other                      55,196,540
             Investment Holdings                                                      3,463,276,615    1              16.79          13.73
             Co., Ltd.)                                      Interest of controlled
                                     H          Long           corporation             328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30

            China Merchants Financial A         Long         Interest of controlled     58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
             Holdings (Hong Kong)                               corporation
             Company Limited          H         Long         Interest of controlled    328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30
             (former name: CMF                                 corporation
             Holdings Limited)

            Best Winner Investment   A          Long         Beneficial owner           58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
              Limited                H          Long         Beneficial owner          328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30

            Shenzhen Yan Qing        A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349    1               6.10           4.99
              Investment and
              Development
              Company Ltd.

            China Ocean Shipping     A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,574,729,111                    7.63           6.24
             Company Limited

            Hexie Health Insurance   A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,130,991,537     2              5.48           4.48
             Co. Ltd.

            Pagoda Tree Investment H            Long         Interest of controlled    477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
              Company Limited                                  corporation
              (中國華馨投資有限公司)

            Compass Investment       H          Long         Interest of controlled    477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
             Company Limited                                   corporation
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                      149
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                                                                                Percentage       Percentage
                                                                                                                                     of the            of the
      Name of                                                                                                                relevant class      total issued
      substantial                  Class of    Long/short                                     No. of shares                       of shares         ordinary
      shareholder                  shares      position        Capacity                            (shares)       Notes        in issue (%)       shares (%)
      CNIC Corporation Limited H               Long            Interest of controlled          477,903,500          3                 10.41              1.89
                                                                 corporation

      Verise Holdings Company H                Long            Interest of controlled          477,903,500          3                 10.41              1.89
       Limited                                                   corporation

      China Merchants Union        H           Long            Beneficial Owner                477,903,500          3                 10.41              1.89
       (BVI) Limited

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.         H           Long            Interest of controlled           42,214,647
                                               Long              corporation
                                               Long            Investment manager Person       164,968,770
                                               Long              having a security interest
                                               Long              in shares                      14,530,768
                                                               Trustee                                 180
                                                               Approved lending agent           86,536,612
                                                                                               308,250,977          4                  6.71              1.22
                                               Short           Interest of controlled           37,148,259
                                                                 corporation
                                               Short           Investment manager                   320,853
                                                                                                37,469,112          4                  0.82              0.15

      BlackRock, Inc.              H           Long            Interest of controlled          271,479,387          5                  5.91              1.08
                                                                 corporation
                                               Short           Interest of controlled               752,500         5                  0.02             0.003
                                                                 corporation

      Notes:

      (1)   For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 7.3.1 “Information on the
            Company’s largest shareholder” in this report.

      (2)   New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. is the trustee of all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd., by virtue of
            which New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance
            Co., Ltd..

      (3)   Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
            Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly owned subsidiary Compass Investment Company Limited:

            (3.1)    China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited was
                     deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of holding
                     50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

            (3.2)    Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to
                     hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which was deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company Limited.

            (3.3)    Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which was deemed to
                     be held by CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding 90% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

            The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (3) and (3.1) to (3.3) above represented the same shares.

      (4)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold a total of 308,250,977 H shares (long position) and 37,469,112 H shares (short position) in the
            Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the Company
            included a lending pool of 86,536,612 H shares. Besides, 13,513,059 H shares (long position) and 18,661,133 H shares (short position) were held
            through derivatives as follows:



            2,868,500 H shares (long position) and 4,922,000 H shares (short position)                    – through physically settled listed derivatives
            29,500 H shares (long position) and 782,722 H shares (short position)                         – through cash settled listed derivatives
            2,945,279 H shares (long position) and 7,517,347 H shares (short position)                    – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
            7,669,780 H shares (long position) and 5,439,064 H shares (short position)                    – through cash settled unlisted derivatives
150   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            (5)   BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 271,479,387 H shares (long position) and 752,500 H shares (short position) in the Company by virtue
                  of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests of BlackRock, Inc. in the Company included 2,411,500 H shares (long position) and
                  752,500 H shares (short position) which were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives.



            Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
            and Chief Executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
            positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2023 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
            the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



      7.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
            During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares. The Company did not have
            any internal staff shares. Save for the disclosure related to “Preference Shares” in this chapter, no equity-linked
            agreements of the Company were entered into during the reporting period or subsisted at the end of the reporting
            period.
            For issuance of bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 43 to the financial statements.
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.



      7.5 Preference Shares
      7.5.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
            Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
            domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
            per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
            the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
            “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
            the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion and, after deduction of the expenses
            relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital. On 18 December
            2022, five years after the issuance of the domestic preference shares, the Company adjusted the coupon dividend
            rate per annum to 3.62% (including tax) in accordance with market rules. For details, please refer to the relevant
            announcements published by the Company on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges
            and Clearing Limited and the Company, respectively.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                 151
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


7.5.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 22 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), and all of them were domestic shareholders of preference shares. As at the end of the previous month
      before the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 29 February 2024), the Company had a total of 22 holders of
      preference shares (or their nominees), and all of them were domestic shareholders of preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
      shares were as follows:


                                                                                                                               Number of      Number of
                                                                                                                           shares subject         shares
                                                                                 Shares held                                   to trading      pledged,
                                                                               at the end of Percentage of                 restrictions on    marked or
      Serial Name of                            Type of          Type of          the period shareholdings     Changes                sales      frozen
      No. shareholders                          shareholders     shares               (share)          (%)      (share)             (share)      (share)
      1    China Mobile Communications          State-owned      Domestic       106,000,000          38.55             –                 –             –
            Group Co., Ltd.                       legal person    preference
                                                                  share
      2    Suyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. Others              Domestic        23,000,000           8.36   23,000,000                  –             –
             - No. 1 Hengyuan Rongda (恒源融                         preference
             達) of Suyin Wealth Management                        share
      3    China National Tobacco (Henan     State-owned         Domestic        20,000,000           7.27             –                 –             –
             Province) Company                 legal person       preference
                                                                  share
           Ping An Property & Casualty          Others           Domestic        20,000,000           7.27             –                 –             –
             Insurance Company of China, Ltd.                     preference
             – traditional – ordinary insurance                   share
             products
      5    BOC Asset – Bank of China – Bank Others               Domestic        15,900,000           5.78    -9,100,000                 –             –
             of China Limited, Shenzhen                           preference
             Branch                                               share
      6    China National Tobacco (Anhui        State-owned      Domestic        15,000,000           5.45             –                 –             –
             Province) Company                    legal person    preference
                                                                  share
           China National Tobacco (Sichuan      State-owned      Domestic        15,000,000           5.45             –                 –             –
            Province) Company                     legal person    preference
                                                                  share
      8    Everbright Securities Asset           Others          Domestic         9,000,000           3.27             –                 –             –
             Management – China Everbright                        preference
             Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2                             share
             Collective Asset Management
             Scheme of Everbright Securities
             Asset Management
      9    BOCI Securities – Bank of China –     Others          Domestic         8,600,000           3.13    8,600,000                  –             –
             BOCI Securities China Hong – Hui                     preference
             Zhong No. 32 Collective Asset                        share
             Management Scheme
      10   CCB Capital – “Qianyuan – Private Others              Domestic         8,570,000           3.12   -31,430,000                 –             –
             (乾元 － 私享)”, an open private                          preference
             banking RMB wealth management                        share
             product (daily calculated) of China
             Construction Bank – Anxin Private
             (安鑫私享) No.2 Special Asset
             Management Scheme of CCB
             Capital
152   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)


            Notes:

            (1)   The shareholdings of holders of domestic preference shares are presented under separate account according to the register of members of
                  preference shares of the Company.

            (2)   China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Sichuan
                  Province) Company are all subsidiaries of China National Tobacco Corporation; there exists an affiliated relationship between “BOC Asset – Bank
                  of China – Bank of China Limited, Shenzhen Branch” and “BOCI Securities – Bank of China – BOCI Securities China Hong – Hui Zhong No. 32
                  Collective Asset Management Scheme”. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the
                  above holders of preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten holders of ordinary shares.

            (3)   “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference shares to
                  the total number of domestic preference shares.



      7.5.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
            Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
            In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
            of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 Annual General
            Meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
            Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18 December 2023, which
            was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
            The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
            shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
            domestic preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
            the remaining profit appropriation with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
            domestic preference shares, based on the coupon dividend rate of 3.62% for domestic preference shares, the cash
            dividends per preference share paid were RMB3.62 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference
            shares in issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB995.5 million (including tax).
            For the details of dividend distribution for domestic preference shares, please refer to the relevant announcement
            published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
            and the Company on 6 December 2023.



      7.5.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
            During the reporting period, there were no repurchases or conversions of preference shares of the Company.



      7.5.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
            During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s preference shares in issue had not been restored.



      7.5.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
            The Company made accounting judgements on the preference shares issued and outstanding of the Company
            in accordance with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial
            Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Accounting Standard 32 – Financial
            Instruments: Presentation” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares
            issued and outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they
            any contractual obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were
            therefore measured as equity instruments.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements         153
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                                     154

Financial Statements and Notes Thereto                           160

Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information                    304
154   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Independent Auditor’s Report


      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 160 to 303, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
      cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
      information and other explanatory information.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
      Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
      (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
      evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   155
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
commitments

We identified expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of          Our audit procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt          allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees           cost, debt investments at amortised cost and financial
and loan commitments as a key audit matter due to                guarantees and loan commitments included the following:
the materiality of these items’ balance and significant
management judgement and estimates involved in deriving          We understood management’s process and tested the
the ECL estimates.                                               design and operating effectiveness of key controls across the
                                                                 processes relevant to the ECL estimation of the Group. These
As at 31 December 2023, as set out in Note 22(a), the            controls included the development, validation and review
Group reported loans and advances to customers at                of the ECL model; the controls over the model data input,
amortised cost of RMB5,924,766 million and expected              including manual input controls and automated transmission
credit loss allowances of RMB267,620 million; in Note 23(b),     controls; the automated controls over the ECL model
the Group reported debt investments at amortised cost of         calculation process; the controls over the identification of
RMB1,788,806 million and expected credit loss allowances         SICR indicators and credit impairment events.
of RMB39,782 million; in Note 42, the Group reported the
expected credit loss allowances of financial guarantees and      We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
loan commitments of RMB17,404 million.                           Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
                                                                 into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
Key judgements and estimates in respect of the                   loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt
measurement of ECLs include: the significant management          investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees
judgement and estimates of model design and its                  and loan commitments, we involved our internal modelling
application; the identification of a significant increase in     specialist to assist us in assessing the appropriateness of
credit risk (SICR); the identification of credit impairment      the Group’s methodology of ECL modelling. We reviewed
events; the determination of inputs used in the ECL model,       relevant documents and evaluated the appropriateness and
as well as the determination of the forward-looking              application of the ECL model.
information to incorporate.
156   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
      to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
      amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
      commitments

      Principal accounting policies and significant accounting         With the support of our internal modelling specialist, we
      estimates and judgement applied in determining the               assessed the key definitions and application of parameters
      expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances to         and assumptions in the ECL model. This included
      customers at amortised cost, debt investments at amortised       assessing stage determination, probability of default,
      cost and financial guarantees and loan commitments are           loss given default, exposure at default and forward-
      set out in Notes 4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial     looking information. We selected samples to check
      statements.                                                      whether the calculation in the ECL model is consistent
                                                                       with the methodology. We selected samples to conduct
                                                                       credit reviews in order to assess the appropriateness of
                                                                       the significant judgements made by the management
                                                                       regarding the occurrence of SICR and credit impairment
                                                                       events, and whether the identification of such events are
                                                                       proper and timely. In addition, we selected samples and
                                                                       tested their data input into the ECL model to evaluate the
                                                                       completeness and accuracy of the data input. For loans
                                                                       and advances at amortised cost and debt investments at
                                                                       amortised cost at stage 3, we selected samples to test the
                                                                       reasonableness of future cash flows from the borrowers
                                                                       estimated by the Group, including the expected recoverable
                                                                       amount of collateral, to assess whether there were material
                                                                       misstatements in credit loss allowances.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  157
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Consolidation of structured entities

We identified consolidation of structured entities as a          Our audit procedures in relation to consolidation of
key audit matter since significant judgement is applied by       structured entities included the following:
management to determine whether or not the Group has
control over certain structured entities.                        We understood and tested the design and operating
                                                                 effectiveness of key controls over the management process
The structured entities of the Group include wealth              in determining the consolidation scope for interests in
management products, asset management schemes, trust             structured entities as well as understood the purpose for
beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and funds,          setting up the structured entities.
as disclosed in Note 64 to the consolidated financial
statements.                                                      We reviewed the relevant contract terms, on a sample basis,
                                                                 and assessed the power of the Group over the structured
As described in Note 4(1), the consolidation of structured       entities, the rights of the Group to variable returns of the
entities is determined based on control. Control is              structured entities and the ability of the Group to use its
achieved when the investor has power over the investee,          power to affect its return, and evaluated management
the investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns      judgement on whether the Group has control over the
from its involvement with the investee; and the investor         structured entities and the conclusion about whether or not
has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. When     the consolidation criteria are met.
performing the assessment on whether the Group has
control over the structured entities, the Group considers
several factors including, the scope of its decision-making
authority over the structured entities, the rights held by
other parties, the remuneration for managing the structured
entities and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns
from interests that it holds in the structured entities.
158   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Other Information
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.
      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
      we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
      that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
      the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
      internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
      statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
      solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
      person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
      audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     159
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
       based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
       may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.
•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Shi Chung Fai.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong




25 March 2024
160   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        Notes      2023        2022
      Interest income                                                    6       375,610     353,380
      Interest expense                                                   7      (160,941)   (135,145)
      Net interest income                                                       214,669     218,235
      Fee and commission income                                          8       92,834     103,372
      Fee and commission expense                                                 (8,726)     (9,097)
      Net fee and commission income                                              84,108      94,275
      Other net income                                                   9       37,825      29,705
      – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                         967         170
      Operating income                                                           336,602     342,215
      Operating expenses                                                 10     (120,991)   (122,061)
      Operating profit before impairment losses and taxation                    215,611     220,154
      Expected credit losses                                             14     (41,278)    (56,751)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                            (191)       (815)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                 25       1,860       1,710
      Share of profits of associates                                     26         616         815
      Profit before taxation                                                    176,618     165,113
      Income tax                                                         15     (28,612)    (25,819)
      Profit for the year                                                       148,006     139,294
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                146,602     138,012
      Non-controlling interests                                                   1,404       1,282
      Earnings per share
      Basic and diluted (RMB Yuan)                                       17         5.63        5.26

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                     161
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                      Note     2023       2022
Profit for the year                                                          148,006    139,294
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                 2,373      1,285
    – Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) from
        equity-accounted investees                                              202      (1,155)
    – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at
        fair value through other comprehensive income                          3,337     (5,617)
    – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
        measured at fair value through other comprehensive income             (2,045)     3,471
    – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                    (59)       112
    – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
        foreign operations                                                      983       4,429
    – Other                                                                     (45)         45
  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                         358         38
     – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                          354          48
     – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                    4         (10)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                   16       2,731      1,323
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                     2,658      1,053
Non-controlling interests                                                         73        270
Total comprehensive income for the year                                      150,737    140,617
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                   149,260    139,065
Non-controlling interests                                                      1,477      1,552

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
162   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2023
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Notes        2023         2022
      Assets
      Cash                                                                            14,931       15,209
      Precious metals                                                                  2,321        2,329
      Balances with central banks                                          18        667,871      587,818
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                 19        100,769       91,346
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions               20        287,694      264,209
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                 21        172,246      276,676
      Loans and advances to customers                                      22      6,252,755    5,807,154
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss          23(a)      526,145      423,467
      Derivative financial assets                                         60(f)       18,733       18,671
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                  23(b)    1,749,024    1,555,457
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   23(c)      899,102      780,349
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                             23(d)      19,649       13,416
      Interests in joint ventures                                          25        15,707       14,247
      Interests in associates                                              26        10,883        9,597
      Investment properties                                                27         1,160        1,268
      Property and equipment                                               28       115,348       99,919
      Right-of-use assets                                                 29(a)      17,041       17,553
      Intangible assets                                                    30         2,709        3,402
      Goodwill                                                             31         9,954        9,999
      Deferred tax assets                                                  32        90,557       90,848
      Other assets                                                         33        53,884       55,978
      Total assets                                                                11,028,483   10,138,912

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                            163
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                     Notes           2023         2022
Liabilities
Borrowing from central banks                                                       378,621      129,745
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  34           508,378      645,674
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                35           247,299      207,027
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            36            43,958       49,144
Derivative financial liabilities                                     60(f)          17,443       18,636
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                              37           135,078      107,093
Deposits from customers                                               38         8,240,498    7,590,579
Salaries and welfare payable                                         39(a)          28,679       23,866
Tax payable                                                           40            13,597       19,458
Contract liabilities                                                  41             5,486        6,679
Lease liabilities                                                    29(b)          12,675       13,013
Provisions                                                            42            19,662       22,491
Debt securities issued                                                43           176,578      223,821
Deferred tax liabilities                                              32             1,607        1,510
Other liabilities                                                     44           113,195      125,938
Total liabilities                                                                9,942,754    9,184,674
Equity
Share capital                                                         45           25,220       25,220
Other equity instruments                                              46          150,446      120,446
  – Preference shares                                                46(a)         27,468       27,468
  – Perpetual bonds                                                  46(b)        122,978       92,978
Capital reserve                                                       47           65,432       65,435
Investment revaluation reserve                                        48           13,656       11,815
Hedging reserve                                                       49               92          151
Surplus reserve                                                       50          108,737       94,985
General reserve                                                       51          141,481      132,471
Retained earnings                                                                 518,638      449,139
Proposed profit appropriation                                        52(b)         49,734       43,832
Exchange reserve                                                      53            2,934        2,009
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                            1,076,370     945,503
Non-controlling interests                                                            9,359       8,735
  – Non-controlling interest                                                         6,521       5,948
  – Perpetual debt capital                                           62(a)           2,838       2,787
Total equity                                                                     1,085,729     954,238
Total equity and liabilities                                                    11,028,483   10,138,912

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 March 2024.




Miao Jianmin                                                 Wang Liang
Director                                                     Director
164   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                            2023

                                                                                                Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                     Non-controlling interests

                                                          Other equity instruments
                                                                                                 Investment                                                                                                       Non- Perpetual
                                                 Share     Preference Perpetual      Capital revaluation        Hedging       Surplus     General     Retained Proposed profit Exchange                     controlling        debt
                                        Notes   capital         shares      bonds    reserve         reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve    earnings       appropriation    reserve   Subtotal        interest     capital      Total

      At 1 January 2023                         25,220         27,468       92,978   65,435          11,815          151       94,985     132,471         449,139          43,832      2,009    945,503           5,948        2,787    954,238

      Changes in equity for the year                 –               –      30,000        (3)          1,841         (59)      13,752        9,010         69,499            5,902       925    130,867             573           51    131,491

         (a) Net profit for the year                 –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –        146,602                –          –   146,602           1,222          182    148,006
         (b) Other comprehensive
               income for the year       16          –               –           –         –           1,792         (59)           –            –              –                –       925      2,658              22           51      2,731

      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                     –               –           –         –           1,792         (59)           –            –        146,602                –       925    149,260           1,244          233    150,737

         (c) Capital movement from
               equity holders                        –               –      30,000        (3)              –            –           –            –              –                –         –     29,997            (383)           –     29,614
             (i) Decrease in
                    non-controlling
                    interests                        –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –                –         –           –           (383)           –       (383)
             (ii) Issue of perpetual
                    bonds               46(b)        –               –      30,000        (3)              –            –           –            –              –                –         –     29,997               –            –     29,997
         (d) Profit appropriations                   –               –           –         –               –            –      13,752        9,010        (77,054)           5,902          –    (48,390)          (288)        (182)   (48,860)
             (i) Appropriations to
                    statutory surplus
                    reserve              50          –               –           –         –               –            –      13,752            –        (13,752)               –          –          –              –            –          –
             (ii) Appropriations to
                    general reserve      51          –               –           –         –               –            –           –        9,010         (9,010)               –         –           –              –            –          –
             (iii) Dividends paid for
                    the year 2022       52(a)        –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –          (43,832)        –     (43,832)          (288)           –    (44,120)
             (iv) Distribution to
                    perpetual debt
                    capital              62          –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –                –          –          –              –         (182)      (182)
             (v) Proposed dividends
                    for the year 2023   52(b)        –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –        (49,734)         49,734          –           –              –            –          –
             (vi) Dividends to
                    preference shares                –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –           (996)               –          –       (996)             –            –       (996)
             (vii) Distribution to
                    perpetual bonds                  –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –         (3,562)               –         –      (3,562)             –            –     (3,562)
         (e) Transfers within equity
               upon disposal of
               equity instruments
               designated at fair
               value through other
               comprehensive income                  –               –           –         –             49             –           –            –            (49)               –         –           –              –            –          –

      At 31 December 2023                       25,220         27,468     122,978    65,432          13,656           92      108,737     141,481         518,638          49,734      2,934 1,076,370            6,521        2,838 1,085,729

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                                  165
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                                                                                        2022

                                                                                          Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                       Non-controlling interests

                                                     Other equity instruments
                                                                                          Investment                                                                                                          Non-      Perpetual
                                            Share     Preference    Perpetual   Capital   revaluation     Hedging        Surplus       General      Retained   Proposed profit   Exchange               controlling          debt
                                   Notes   capital        shares       bonds    reserve       reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve      earnings    appropriation      reserve   Subtotal       interest       capital     Total

At 1 January 2022                          25,220        34,065       92,978    67,523       15,047             39       82,137       115,288       390,207            38,385      (2,144)   858,745         3,300         3,636     865,681

Changes in equity for the year                  –         (6,597)           –   (2,088)       (3,232)         112        12,848        17,183        58,932             5,447       4,153     86,758         2,648           (849)    88,557

   (a) Net profit for the year                  –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –      138,012                 –           –    138,012         1,080           202     139,294
   (b) Other comprehensive
         income for the year        16          –              –            –        –        (3,212)         112              –             –            –                 –       4,153      1,053             15          255       1,323

Total comprehensive income for
  the year                                      –              –            –        –        (3,212)         112              –             –      138,012                 –       4,153    139,065         1,095           457     140,617

   (c) Capital movement from
          equity holders                        –         (6,597)           –   (2,088)            –             –             –             –            –                 –           –     (8,685)        1,832         (1,104)    (7,957)
       (i) Capital invested
              by non-controlling
              shareholders                      –              –            –   (1,489)            –             –             –             –            –                 –           –     (1,489)        1,842              –       353
       (ii) Decrease in
              non-controlling
              interests                         –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –          –            (10)            –        (10)
       (iii) Redemption of
              preference shares                 –         (6,597)           –     (599)            –             –             –             –            –                 –           –     (7,196)             –             –     (7,196)
       (iv) Redemption of
              perpetual debt
              capital              62(a)        –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –          –              –        (1,104)    (1,104)
   (d) Profit appropriations                    –              –            –        –             –             –       12,848        17,183       (79,100)            5,447           –    (43,622)          (279)         (202)   (44,103)
       (i) Appropriations to
              statutory surplus
              reserve               50          –              –            –        –             –             –       12,848              –      (12,848)                –           –          –              –             –          –
       (ii) Appropriations to
              general reserve       51          –              –            –        –             –             –             –       17,183       (17,183)                –           –          –              –             –          –
       (iii) Dividends paid for
              the year 2021        52(a)        –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –           (38,385)          –    (38,385)          (279)            –    (38,664)
       (iv) Distribution to
              perpetual debt
              capital               62          –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –          –              –          (202)      (202)
       (v) Proposed dividends
              for the year 2022    52(b)        –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –      (43,832)           43,832           –          –              –             –          –
       (vi) Dividends to
              preference shares                 –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –       (1,675)                –           –     (1,675)             –             –     (1,675)
       (vii) Distribution to
              perpetual bonds                   –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –       (3,562)                –           –     (3,562)             –             –     (3,562)
   (e) Transfers within equity
         upon disposal of
         equity instruments
         designated at fair
         value through other
         comprehensive income                   –              –            –        –           (20)            –             –             –           20                 –           –          –              –             –          –

At 31 December 2022                        25,220        27,468       92,978    65,435       11,815           151        94,985       132,471       449,139            43,832       2,009    945,503         5,948         2,787     954,238

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
166   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                       2023          2022
      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                                        176,618       165,113
      Adjustments for:
        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                     46,635        45,157
        – Impairment losses on investments and other                                  (5,166)       12,409
        – Unwinding of discount on loans and advances                                   (257)         (386)
        – Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties            11,008        10,279
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          4,205         4,151
        – Amortisation of other assets                                                 1,170         1,193
        – Net gains on debt securities and equity investments                        (18,149)      (14,722)
        – Interest income on investments                                             (80,836)      (65,808)
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities                                   7,781         9,662
        – Share of profits of associates                                                (616)         (815)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                          (1,860)       (1,710)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets            (168)         (282)
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          480           510

      Changes in:
      Balances with central banks                                                    (5,004)      (48,851)
      Loans and advances to customers                                              (482,711)     (508,891)
      Other assets                                                                      817        63,611
      Deposits from customers                                                       619,696     1,188,664
      Amounts due to banks and other financial institutions                         (69,249)     (135,569)
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions with
        original maturity over 3 months                                             (13,744)       (46,825)
      Borrowing from central banks                                                  247,751        (30,073)
      Other liabilities                                                             (45,862)       (39,251)
      Cash generated from operating activities before income tax payment            392,539       607,566
      Income tax paid                                                                (34,786)      (37,423)
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                  357,753       570,143
      Investing activities
      Proceeds from disposals and redemptions of investments                       1,954,061     1,334,013
      Investment income received                                                      97,963        79,122
      Proceeds from the disposals of property and equipment and other assets           4,950         6,750
      Proceeds from the disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures          154           463
      Payment for the purchases of investments                                    (2,282,035)   (1,898,898)
      Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures          (39)         (484)
      Payment for the purchases of property and equipment and other assets           (30,161)      (34,892)
      Net cash used in investing activities                                        (255,107)     (513,926)

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                    167
Annual Report 2023 (H share)


                                                                  Notes      2023        2022
Financing activities
Proceeds from the issuance of negotiable interbank certificates
  of deposit                                                      55(b)    68,608      78,666
Proceeds from the issuance of certificates of deposit and
  other debt securities                                           55(b)     66,504      20,287
Proceeds from the issuance of debt securities                     55(b)     25,201      21,481
Proceeds from the issuance of perpetual bonds                               29,997           –
Proceeds from non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                          –       2,667
Proceeds from other financing activities                          55(b)     17,303      10,796
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposit         55(b)   (112,584)   (250,996)
Repayment of certificates of deposit and other debt securities    55(b)    (48,267)    (16,504)
Repayment of debt securities                                      55(b)    (51,146)    (78,735)
Payment for lease liabilities                                     55(b)     (5,053)     (4,932)
Payment for redemption of preference shares                                      –      (7,196)
Payment for redemption of perpetual debt capital                                 –      (1,104)
Distribution paid on perpetual debt capital                       55(b)       (182)       (202)
Payment for dividends distribution                                55(b)    (44,120)    (38,664)
Distribution paid on preference shares                            55(b)       (996)     (1,675)
Distribution paid on perpetual bonds                              55(b)     (3,562)     (3,562)
Interest paid on financing activities                             55(b)     (7,482)    (12,400)
Payment for other financing activities                            55(b)     (7,210)    (14,959)
Net cash used in financing activities                                      (72,989)   (297,032)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       29,657     (240,815)
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                 567,198      801,754
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     2,164        6,259
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       55(a)   599,019     567,198
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received                                                         293,467     285,050
Interest paid                                                             121,178     108,496

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
168   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


      1.       Organisation and principal activities
      (1)      Organisation
               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
               of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
               the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002. On 22 September 2006, the
               Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”).
               As at 31 December 2023, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the Chinese mainland, Hong
               Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has two representative offices
               in New York and Taipei.



      (2)      Principal activities
               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



      2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      (1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
               Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
               and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
               also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



      (2)      Basis of measurement
               These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and unless otherwise stated, rounded
               to the nearest million. RMB is the functional currency of the domestic operations of the Group. The functional
               currencies of overseas branches and subsidiaries are determined in accordance with the primary economic
               environment in which they operate, and are translated into RMB for the preparation of these financial statements
               according to Note 4(15).
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period and the measurement principles as explained
               below.
               Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
               between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
               estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
               into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
               account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
               purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
               transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
               of IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
               realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
               In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
               the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
               the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
               Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
               access at the measurement date;
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   169
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



2.     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
(2)    Basis of measurement (continued)
       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
       liability, either directly or indirectly; and
       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
       The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
       estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
       income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
       other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
       making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
       sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
       recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
       the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
       Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
       financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future periods are discussed
       in Note 5.



3.     Application of new and amendments to IFRSs
       Standards and amendments to IFRSs effective in current year applied by the
       Group
       IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and              Insurance Contracts
         December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
       Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice             Disclosure of Accounting Policies
         Statement 2
       Amendments to IAS 8                               Definition of Accounting Estimates
       Amendments to IAS 12                              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                           Transaction
       Amendments to IAS 12                              International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules



       IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and its amendments
       IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and its amendments (“New Insurance Contract Standard”) establishes the principles
       of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts and replaces IFRS 4 Insurance
       Contracts.
       The definition of insurance contract has been elaborated in the New Insurance Contract Standard which specified
       the combination and separation of insurance contract, introduced the concept of insurance contract group and
       refined the measurement model of insurance contract. It also made an adjustment to the principle of revenue
       recognition for insurance services and refined the measurement methods of contract service margins. The New
       Insurance Contract Standard outlines a general model, which is modified for insurance contracts with direct
       participation features, described as the variable fee approach. The general model is simplified if certain criteria are
       met by measuring the liability for remaining coverage using the premium allocation approach. The general model
       uses current assumptions to estimate the amount, timing and uncertainty of future cash flows and it explicitly
       measures the cost of that uncertainty. It takes into account market interest rates and the impact of policyholders’
       options and guarantees. The adoption of IFRS 17 has had no material impact on the financial position and financial
       performance of the Group.
170   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      3.     Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
             Standards and amendments to IFRSs effective in current year applied by the
             Group (continued)
             Amendments to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction
             The amendments mainly relate to the scope of exemption for the initial recognition of deferred income tax in the
             International Accounting Standards IAS 12 – Income Taxes, and clarifies that the individual transaction 1) that is not
             arising from business combination; 2) that affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profits (or deductible
             losses) at the time of transaction; and 3) that the equivalent taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary
             differences are generated due to the initially recognised assets and liabilities is not applicable to the regulations
             on the exemptions from initially recognised deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets.With this amendment,
             the Group has been required to recognise one deferred tax asset (to the extent that taxable income is likely to be
             obtained to offset the deductible temporary difference) and one deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable
             temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The adoption of the amendments to IAS 12
             has had no material impact on the financial position and financial performance of the Group.


             Amendments to IAS 12 – International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules
             IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
             liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules
             published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The
             amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance and retrospectively. The
             amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two
             income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in effect, and the qualitative and quantitative information
             about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially
             enacted but not yet in effect in annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023. The adoption of the
             amendments to IAS 12 has had no material impact on the financial position and financial performance of the Group
             for the current and prior year.
             The adoption of the above other amendments to IFRSs has had no material impact on the financial position and
             financial performance of the Group for the current and prior year or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
             financial statements.



             Amendments to IFRSs that are issued but not yet effective and have not been
             adopted by the Group
                                                                                                             Effective for
                                                                                                             annual period
                                                                                                             beginning on or after
             Amendments to IFRS 16                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback                   1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 1                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current   1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 1                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                    1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7        Supplier Finance Arrangements                             1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 21                  Lack of Exchangeability                                   1 January 2025

             Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor        the date to be
                                                     and its Associate or Joint Venture                      determined



             The amendments to IFRSs mentioned above are not expected to have material impact on the consolidated financial
             statements in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        171
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information
(1)    Business combination
       Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
       by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
       with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
       the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
       An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
       commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
       arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. If the
       intra-group transaction indicates that the relevant assets have impairment losses, the losses shall be recognised in
       full.
       When necessary, adjustments are made by the Group to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
       accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
       Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
       in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
       result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
       of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
       consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity holders
       of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
       profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
       the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
       holders of the Bank.
       Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
       transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
       consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
       or loss is recognised.
       When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
       subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
       subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
       on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
       investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


       Business combinations or asset acquisitions
      Optional concentration test
       The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
       simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities or assets is not a business. The concentration test is
       met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
       group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
       tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set
       of activities or assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.


      Asset acquisitions
       When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
       and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
       first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
       is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
       purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.
172   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (1)    Business combination (continued)
             Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combination
             Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
             business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
             the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
             the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
             At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
             contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
             assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS
             12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits , respectively.
             Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
             proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially recognised at either fair value or
             the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
             The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.



      (2)    Joint ventures
             A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net
             assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
             Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
             about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
             When judging whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
             –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
             –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                    parties sharing control.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
             year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
             ventures.
             Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
             of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
             Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
             assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
             the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
             impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
             and 4(10)).
             When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
             recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
             obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
             ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
             substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
             Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
             to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
             impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
             When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and has no significant influence on it, it is
             accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
             the consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit
             or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value
             and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     173
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(3)    Associates
       Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control. Significant
       influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
       or joint control of those policies.
       When judging whether there is any significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
       –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
       –      participation in policy-making processes;
       –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
       Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method.
       Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
       of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
       Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
       assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
       the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
       The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year,
       including any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see
       Notes 4(4) and 4(10)).
       When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
       recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
       obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
       is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
       form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
       Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
       extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
       of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
       When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
       entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
       former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
       as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



(4)    Goodwill
       Goodwill represents the excess of
       (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
              based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
              held equity interests in the acquiree; over
       (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
       When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
       purchase.
       Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
       to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
       combination and tested at least annually for impairment (see Note 4(10)).
       On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
       of the profit or loss on disposal.
174   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments
             Initial recognition
             A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
             equity instrument of another enterprise.
             All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
             way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
             established by regulation or convention in the market place.
            At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
            receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
            from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
            assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss)
            are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
            recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair
            value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
             and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
             rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
             received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
             through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
             net carrying amount on initial recognition. When determining the effective interest rate, the Group estimates the
             future cash flow on the basis of considering all contract terms of financial assets or financial liabilities, but does not
             consider the expected credit loss.


             Classification and measurement of financial assets
             The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
             assets at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss.
             Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
             •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
             •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                     of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
             Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
             •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                     cash flows and selling; and
             •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                     of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
             All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
             the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
             subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
             income (“OCI”).
             A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
             •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
             •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                     together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
             •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
                     hedging instrument.
             In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
             as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     175
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Financial assets at amortised cost
       Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method, and the
       gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is calculated
       by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
       that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
       interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
       the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
       asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
       carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
       the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


      Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
       Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
       income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
       or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated
       under the heading of investment revaluation reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with
       corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of debt instruments. The amounts that are
       recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt
       instruments had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains
       or losses previously recognised in investment revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.


      Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
       At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-
       by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as at FVTOCI.
       Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently,
       they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and
       accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative
       gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
       retained earnings.
       Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
       to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
       investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


      Financial assets at FVTPL
       Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
       FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
       period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
       loss includes fair value gains or losses, any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset, and is included in
       “other net income”.
176   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Impairment under ECL model
             The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
             are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments , including financial assets at amortised cost, debt
             instrument assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, leases receivable, loan commitments and
             financial guarantee contracts. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
             since initial recognition.
             The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
             represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
             months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
             events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
             to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
             as well as the forecast of future conditions.
            For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, except for the purchased or originated credit-impaired
            financial assets, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed
            at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to recognise lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of
            these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the initial recognition, the Group recognises a loss
            allowance for the financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant increase in
            credit risk, the Group recognises a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The Group recognises the loss
            allowance of receivables that result from transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts
            with customers at an amount equal to lifetime ECL.


            Significant increase in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
             of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
             the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
             quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
             forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
             has increased significantly is detailed in Note 60(a).


            Credit-impaired financial assets
             The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
             management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
             when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        177
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Impairment under ECL model (continued)
      Measurement and recognition of ECL
       ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. The
       measurement and recognition of ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
       Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
       accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
       interest rate determined at initial recognition.
       For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
       measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases .
       For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
       debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
       the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
       that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
       For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
       are due to the Group:
       •       if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
       •       the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
       The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is recognised in profit or loss and
       accumulated in provisions. As for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
       accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets.
       The loss allowance for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is
       recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.


       Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL
       Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading (including derivatives
       belonging to financial liabilities) or (ii) designated as at FVTPL. Except for hedging accounting, financial liabilities
       measured at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value and all changes in fair value are recognised in profit or
       loss.
       A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
       •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
       •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
               together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
               hedging instrument.
       A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
       recognition if:
       •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
               otherwise arise; or
       •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
               and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
               management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis;
               or
       •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
               permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.
178   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
            Other financial liabilities
             Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial liabilities formed by the transfer of financial assets that do not
             meet the conditions for derecognition or by continued involvement in transferred financial assets and financial
             liabilities, financial guarantee contract and loan commitment, other financial liabilities are classified as financial
             liabilities at amortised cost, which are subsequently measured at amortised cost and the gains or losses arising from
             derecognition or amortisation are included in profit or loss.


             Hedge accounting
             The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair value hedge and cash flow hedge.
             The Group documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, along with its risk
             management objective and its strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship. The
             Group also requires documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether
             the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
             flows of hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.


            Fair value hedge
             The gains or losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. When the
             hedging for the risk exposure relates to an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI, the gains or
             losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in other comprehensive income.
             The carrying amount of the hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the gain or loss
             attributable to the risk being hedged and is taken to consolidated statement of profit or loss. The adjustment to the
             carrying amount of the hedged item is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
             begins and shall be amortised to consolidated statement of profit or loss if the hedged item is a financial
             instrument measured at amortised cost. Amortisation begins as soon as an adjustment exists but no later than
             when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses. If the hedged item is debt instruments
             measured at FVTOCI, the amounts previously recorded as cumulative adjustments of hedging gains or losses are
             amortised in similar method and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The carrying amount of
             the hedged item is not adjusted.


            Cash flow hedge
             The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
             hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
             loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
             For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
             hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period during which the hedged cash
             flows affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
             criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
             transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
             no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                179
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Hedge accounting (continued)
      Hedge effectiveness testing
       The Group has elected to adopt the general hedge accounting in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments . This requires the
       Group to ensure that hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy
       and to apply a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
       For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
       changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
       relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
       •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
       •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
              and
       •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
              item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
              to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
       If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
       risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
       ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.


       Specific items
      Cash equivalents
       Cash equivalents comprise investments that are short term, highly liquid, readily convertible into known amounts of
       cash and subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, and unrestricted balances with the central banks, banks
       and other financial institutions, and amounts held under resale agreements, with original maturity of 3 months or
       less.


      Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
       Banks refer to those institutions approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other
       financial institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing
       companies which are registered with the National Administration of Financial Regulation (“NAFR”) and under the
       supervision of the NAFR and securities firms and investment fund companies which are registered with and under
       the supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
       are measured at amortised cost.


      Resale and repurchase agreements
       Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
       resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
       “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

       The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
       over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
       (as appropriate).
180   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Specific items (continued)
            Financial investments
             Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
             designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
             fair value option.


            Loans and advances to customers
             Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
             loans and advances to customers.
             Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or
             loss (loans and advances to customers at FVTPL), loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and
             advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances to customers at
             FVTOCI) in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value
             option.


            Derivative financial instruments
             The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
             option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own risk management purposes.
             The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks and financial institutions that can conduct such business
             to hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers.
             Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. Except for the gains or losses arising from the effective
             hedging portion of those derivatives in cash flow hedge and the gains or losses on the hedging instrument that
             hedges an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income, all
             other gains or losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            Embedded derivatives
            Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
            Instruments are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
            either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not
            financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments are treated as separate derivatives with the same
            terms when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those
            of the host contracts and the hybrid contracts are not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are
            measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying
            cash flow hedging relationship.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       181
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Specific items (continued)
      Equity instruments
       The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
       shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
       instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
       A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
       (i)    the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
              another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
              are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
       (ii)   if the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
              instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
              equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
              or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
       At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued or their
       components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
       substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
       For perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued that classified as equity instruments, any distribution
       of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the perpetual bonds and
       perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redeemed amount is charged to equity. Relevant transaction expenses are
       deducted from equity.
       At initial recognition of preference shares, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
       as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
       considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
       When the Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument, fees, commissions and other transaction
       costs of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as
       profit distribution at the time of declaration.


       Derecognition of financial instruments
      (a)     Financial assets
              A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
              is derecognised when:
              •       the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
              •       the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
              •       has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                      in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                      Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or
                      the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                      the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
              Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
              to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
              transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
              asset, the asset and liability are recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
              When the Group’s continuing involvement takes the form of guaranteeing the transferred asset, the extent of
              the Group’s continuing involvement at the time of transfer is the lower of (i) the amount of the asset and (ii)
              the guarantee amount (the maximum amount that the Group could be required to repay in the consideration
              received). When the Group continues to recognise an asset to the extent of its continuing involvement, the
              Group also recognises an relevant liability as the sum of the guarantee amount and the fair value of the
              guarantee contract (usually the consideration received for the provision of security).
              The Group writes off a financial asset (if any) when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
              severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
              event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
182   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
            (b)     Securitisation
                    As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises credit assets, generally through the sale of these
                    assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
                    be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
                    When applying the accounting policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the
                    degree of transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised
                    by the Group over the transferred financial assets:
                    •      when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                           the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
                    •      when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                           the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
                    •      when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                           of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                           assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                           separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                           Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                           continuing involvement in the financial assets.
                    When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
                    not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
                    When the securitisation results in derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets, the Group
                    allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
                    and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. Gains or losses on
                    securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
                    of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
                    be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.


            (c)     Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                    Derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic substance
                    of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially
                    the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not derecognise
                    the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset at its fair value
                    at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will derecognise the
                    financial asset.


            (d)     Financial liabilities
                    A financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised when the obligation under the liability (or part of it) is
                    discharged, cancelled or expired.


             Offsetting financial instruments
             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial
             position when, and only when, the Group currently has there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
             amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    183
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(6)    Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
       Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
       accumulated impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where
       the fair value of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of
       the lease and the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
       Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over the following
       estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:

       Land and buildings                                                                                           20 years

       Investment properties                                                                                        20 years

       Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

       Leasehold improvements (leased property)                                                    the estimated useful lives

       Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                the estimated useful lives

       Aircraft, vessels and professional equipment                                                   no more than 25 years

       Other                                                                                                      3 – 5 years

       Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
       comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
       of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
       in progress.
       Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
       probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
       expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
       Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
       between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment and investment property,
       and are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



(7)    Repossessed assets
       In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
       court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Repossessed assets other than equity
       instrument are reported in “other assets”.
       Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in Note 4(5).



(8)    Intangible assets
       Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
       accumulated impairment losses (see Note 4(10)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged
       to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
       Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
       intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of the reporting period.
       The amortisation period of intangible assets is as follows:

       Software and Other                                            Core deposit
       2 – 20 years                                                  28 years

       Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.
184   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (9)    Leases
             Definition of a lease
             A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
             period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
             the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
             terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


             As a lessee
            (a)     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                    For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
                    the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
                    stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


            (b)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                    The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
                    arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
                    do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is equivalent to below
                    RMB35,000).
                    Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
                    line basis over the lease term.


            (c)     Right-of-use assets
                    The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                    The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
                    •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
                    •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                    •      any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                    •      whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                           site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                           conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                           Liabilities and Contingent Assets . The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those
                           costs are incurred to produce inventories.
                    After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
                    less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.
                    The Group recognises the depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line basis.
                    Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying
                    asset. If a lease transfers the ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects
                    that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
                    useful life of the underlying asset.
                    Accounting policy for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(10).


            (d)     Leasehold land and building
                    For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
                    property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
                    reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
                    for as investment properties.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       185
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(9)    Leases (continued)
       As a lessee (continued)
      (e)     Lease liabilities
              Lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
              Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value asset, lease liability is initially measured at the present
              value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date using lessee’s incremental
              borrowing rate as the discount rate.
              Lease payments refer to the payment made by the lessee to the lessor in connection with the right to use
              the leased assets during the lease term. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
              comprise:
              •       fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
              •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                      the commencement date;
              •       the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
              •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                      terminate the lease; and
              •       the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
              After the beginning date of the lease term, the Group calculates the interest expense of the lease liability in
              each period of the lease term at a fixed periodic interest rate, and recognised it in the current profit and loss
              or related asset costs.
              After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability according to the present value
              calculated by the revised lease payment amount and the revised discount rate and makes a corresponding
              adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever:
              •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                      which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                      discount rate; or
              •       the lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                      under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                      the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                      from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                      changes in the interest rate.


       As a lessor
       Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
       transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
       All other leases are classified as operating leases.
       Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
       in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
       income under finance leases are amortised using the effective interest method over the lease term. Accounting
       policy for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).
       When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating lease is recognised in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
       incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
       in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
       profit or loss in the accounting period in which it is incurred.
      When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.
186   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (9)    Leases (continued)
             As a buyer-lessor in a sale and leaseback transactions
            For a transfer of asset that does not meet the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
            to account for a sale of asset, the Group acting as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and
            recognises loan and advance to customers at an amount that equals the transfer proceed within the scope of IFRS 9
            Financial Instruments .


      (10) Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under
           ECL model
             The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets including property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
             intangible assets, investment properties, interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, goodwill and other non-
             current assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the
             carrying amount. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount. The
             amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount
             of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future expected cash flows. In
             assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.
             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify any
             indications that other assets may be impaired.
             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
             that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
             estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


             –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                    The recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and the
                    present value of future cash flows. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
                    to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of
                    money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent
                    of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that
                    generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


             –      Impairment losses recognised
                    An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
                    amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
                    Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                    amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                    carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                    carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
                    if determinable.



      (11) Precious metals
             Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost
             and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals that are related to the
             Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
             recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      187
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(12) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
       Financial guarantees issued
       Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
       reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
       make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
       issued is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with accounting policy set out
       in Note 4(5).


       Provisions and contingent liabilities
       Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
       obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
       required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
       provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
       Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
       reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
       remote.



(13) Income recognition
       Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
       increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


       Net interest income
       Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
       “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
       on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
       is recognised in “Other net income”.


       Dividend income
       Dividend income from investments is recognised when the dividend is declared and approved by the investee.


       Rental income
       Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-
       line method over the lease term.
188   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (13) Income recognition (continued)
             Fee and commission income
             Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance
             obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
             is transferred to the customer.
             A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
             of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
             obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
             price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
             The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
             at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
             to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
             techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
             consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
             to the customer.
             For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
             be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
             better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
             The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
             probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
             associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
             updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable
             consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and
             the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.
             For each performance obligation identified, the Group determines at contract inception whether it satisfies the
             performance obligation over time or satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time. Control is transferred
             over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
             relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
             •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                    Group performs;
             •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;
                    or
             •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                    an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
             If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress towards
             complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
             obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
             of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
             promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       189
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(13) Income recognition (continued)
       Fee and commission income (continued)
       If revenue is recognised at a point in time, the Group recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control
       of the distinct good or service. To determine the point in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised
       service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should also be considered. They include, but are not
       limited to:
       •      the Group has a present right to payment for the goods or services;
       •      the Group has transferred physical possession of the goods;
       •      the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
       •      the customer has accepted the goods or services.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
       nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
       principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
       The Group is a principal if it can control the goods or service before transferring it to customers. The Group is an
       agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service by another party.
       In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another party before that goods
       or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount
       of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
       services to be provided by the other party.
       A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
       transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional
       right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
       A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
       has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



(14) Taxation
       Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
       equity.
       Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
       enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
       Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
       consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
       tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
       recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
       assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
       of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred
       tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
       liabilities, using tax rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
       liabilities are not discounted.
       A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
       against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
       that the related tax benefit will be realised.
190   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (14) Taxation (continued)
             The Group shall recognise a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with investments
             in subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures that both of the following conditions are satisfied: the
             temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future; and it is probably to obtain the taxable
             income used to offset the deductible temporary difference in the future. The Group shall recognise a deferred tax
             liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates
             and joint ventures, except where both of the following conditions are satisfied: the investor is able to control the
             timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
             in the foreseeable future.
             Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
             and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
             deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
             liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
             •      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
                    the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
             •      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                    authority on either:
                    –       the same taxable entity; or
                    –       different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                            settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



      (15) Foreign currencies translations
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
             entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
             transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
             at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
             currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items
             that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
             Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
             •      exchange differences on transactions entered into as part of the effective portion of a hedge on certain
                    foreign currency risks; or
             •      exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which
                    settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
                    operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit
                    or loss on repayment of the monetary items.
             For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
             foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
             period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
             fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
             Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
             reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
             On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
             of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or
             loss.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    191
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(16) Employee benefits
       Salaries and staff welfare
       Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
       employees.


       Post-employment benefits
       The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
       provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
       jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
       The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
       the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
       and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
       The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
       credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
       the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in
       future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any
       applicable minimum funding requirements.
       Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
       assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
       in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
       liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
       beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
       in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
       interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss.
       When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
       past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
       and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


       Share-based payment
       The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
       Senior Management (“the Scheme”), which is settled in cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured
       at the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the shares. The Group
       recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an
       amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end of
       each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value of
       the liability at each reporting period end and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in
       profit or loss for the period.
       The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
       condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
192   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (17) Related parties
             For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the
             Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party
             in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to control,
             common control or common significant influence (except that the Group and the party are subject to common
             significant influence of the other party). Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management
             personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which
             are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-
             employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related
             party of the Group.



      (18) Segmental reporting
             Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
             identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
             the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
             geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
             unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
             services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
             products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
             individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



      (19) Fiduciary activities
             The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
             and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
             financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
             commission.



      (20) Dividends or profit distributions
             Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.



      (21) General reserve
             The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
             allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. In principle, the
             balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. In addition, the general
             reserve includes 2.5% of the income of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also
             includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and
             regulations of their industry or region.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    193
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements
       In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
       of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
       assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
       historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
       and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
       policies.



(1)    Control over structured entity
       Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgement on whether it is the
       principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
       When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among others, the scope of its
       decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
       is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
       variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



(2)    Classification of financial assets
       Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets of the Group involves significant
       judgement on business model. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
       financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. Specific considerations include how
       the performance of the assets is evaluated and measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
       how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated.



(3)    Derecognition of financial assets transferred
       In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
       including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
       Group applies significant judgement and estimate in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets and
       qualified for a full derecognition.
       Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
       Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
       that it controls these structured entities and the Group needs to consolidate them. This will determine whether the
       following derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the
       financial assets are transferred.
       The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
       derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
       •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
              qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;
       •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
              Significant judgement and estimate is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before
              and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of the Group’s assessment on the extent
              that risks and rewards are transferred.
194   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (4)    Impairment under ECL model
             •      Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
                    or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
                    significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly
                    increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-
                    looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.
             •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
                    basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)
                    for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
                    credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
                    in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
                    assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
                    reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets.
             •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement
                    is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the
                    assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. Refer to
                    Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.
             •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-
                    looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
                    and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.
             •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
                    of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
                    expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii) for more details.
             •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
                    between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
                    account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.



      (5)    Fair value of financial instruments
             For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
             instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
             market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis or
             option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed by
             qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the business unit that constructed
             the valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are
             calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make
             the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be
             noted that some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates.
             Management estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is
             measured using third party information such as broker quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate
             the evidence obtained from third party to support the conclusion that the relevant valuation meets the requirements
             of IFRS, including the category of the relevant valuation at the appropriate level in the fair value hierarchy.



      (6)    Income taxes
             Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
             Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
             treatment of such transactions is reviewed periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred
             tax assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
             assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
             which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future
             taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if
             it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                           195
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(7)    Impairment of goodwill
       The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
       that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU or
       group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make
       an estimate of the expected future cash flows from CGU or group of CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount
       rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
       expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
       revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.



6.     Interest income
                                                                                                                  2023                       2022
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                        268,240                    265,601
          – Corporate loans                                                                                    94,526                     86,754
          – Retail loans                                                                                      166,104                    168,174
          – Discounted bills                                                                                    7,610                     10,673
       Balances with central banks                                                                              9,977                      8,482
       Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                     2,101                      1,242
       Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                  10,596                      7,760
       Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                     3,860                      4,487
       Financial investments                                                                                   80,836                     65,808
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                         26,201                     19,654
          – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                 54,635                     46,154
       Total                                                                                                  375,610                    353,380

       Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2023, included in the above is the interest income of RMB10,577 million accrued on loans and advances to
               customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (2022: RMB12,668 million).




7.     Interest expense
                                                                                                                  2023                       2022
       Deposits from customers                                                                                128,809                    105,836
       Borrowing from central banks                                                                             4,005                      2,828
       Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                     8,307                      9,782
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                   8,931                      4,567
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                 2,628                      1,960
       Debt securities issued                                                                                   7,781                      9,662
       Lease liabilities                                                                                          480                        510
       Total                                                                                                  160,941                    135,145




8.     Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                  2023                       2022
       Commissions from wealth management                                                                       28,466                     30,903
       Commissions from asset management                                                                        11,474                     12,457
       Bank cards fees                                                                                          19,525                     21,399
       Clearing and settlement fees                                                                             15,492                     15,051
       Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                   4,997                      5,753
       Commissions on custodian business                                                                         5,328                      5,791
       Other                                                                                                     7,552                     12,018
       Total                                                                                                    92,834                   103,372
196   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      9.     Other net income
                                                                                                                         2023                       2022
             Net gain/(loss) from fair value change                                                                     1,846                     (2,675)
               – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                             1,797                     (2,204)
               – derivatives instruments                                                                                  104                       (120)
               – precious metals                                                                                          (55)                      (351)
             Net investment income                                                                                     19,700                     18,013
               – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                        14,523                     12,443
               – gain on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                                   967                        170
               – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                         3,661                      5,161
                  – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                 1,551                      3,291
               – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                             317                        153
               – other                                                                                                    232                         86
             Foreign exchange gain                                                                                      4,132                      3,600
             Other income                                                                                              11,418                      9,702
               – rental income                                                                                         11,352                      9,181
               – insurance income                                                                                          66                        521
             Other                                                                                                        729                      1,065
             Total                                                                                                     37,825                     29,705




      10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                         2023                       2022
             Staff costs                                                                                               70,348                     70,657
               – Salaries and bonuses                                                                                  55,477                     55,647
               – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                  7,349                      8,421
               – Other                                                                                                  7,522                      6,589
             Tax and surcharges                                                                                         2,963                      3,005
             Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties                                          11,008                     10,279
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                            930                      1,061
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        4,205                      4,151
             Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense                                             216                        229
             Charge for insurance claims                                                                                    –                        360
             Other general and administrative expenses (note)                                                          31,321                     32,319
             Total                                                                                                   120,991                    122,061

             Note:   Auditors’ remuneration amounting to RMB34 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB31 million) is included in other general
                     and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    197
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
       The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows:
                                                                                   2023
                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances                       Retirement
                                                 Directors’    and benefits    Discretionary         scheme
                                                      fees          in kind          bonuses    contributions         Total
                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000
       Executive directors
       Wang Liang                                         –           3,453                –               –           3,453
       Zhu Jiangtao (ii)                                  –           2,821                –               –           2,821
       Subtotal                                           –           6,274                –               –           6,274
       The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
       affairs of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                   –                –               –              –              –
       Hu Jianhua (iii)                               –                –               –              –              –
       Sun Yunfei                                     –                –               –              –              –
       Zhou Song                                      –                –               –              –              –
       Hong Xiaoyuan (iii)                            –                –               –              –              –
       Zhang Jian                                     –                –               –              –              –
       Chen Dong                                      –                –               –              –              –
       Subtotal                                           –               –                –               –                –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
          directors and supervisors
       Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –                –             500
       Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                –             500
       Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Li Chaoxian                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Shi Yongdong                                    500                –               –                –             500
       Luo Sheng                                          –               –               –                –               –
       Peng Bihong (iv)                                   –               –               –                –               –
       Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                –               –
       Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Hongping                                    400                –               –                –             400
       Zhang Xiang                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Jin                                            –          1,627                –                –           1,627
       Cao Jian (v)                                       –          1,294                –                –           1,294
       Yang Sheng (vi)                                    –            967                –                –             967
       Subtotal                                      4,200            3,888                –               –           8,088
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors or
       supervisors of the Bank.
       Former executive, non-executive
         directors and supervisors
       Su Min (vii)                                       –               –             –                 –                 –
       Xiong Liangjun (vi)                                –           1,870             –                 –            1,870
       Wang Wanqing (v)                                   –             593             –                 –              593
       Subtotal                                           –           2,463                –               –           2,463
       The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
       directors or supervisors of the Bank.
       Total                                         4,200         12,625             –             –          16,825
198   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                      remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

             (ii)     In June 2023, according to the relevant resolution passed at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao was elected as
                      the Executive Director of the Bank, whose qualification as the Director was approved by the NAFR in August 2023. The emolument of Mr. Zhu
                      Jiangtao shown above included the portion for his services before his qualification as the Director was approved by the NAFR during the year.

             (iii)    In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Bank due to their age.

             (iv)     In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

             (v)      In March 2023, Mr. Cao Jian was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank.
                      Mr. Wang Wanqing ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to his age.

             (vi)     In June 2023, Mr. Yang Sheng was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank. At
                      the same time, Mr. Xiong Liangjun ceased to be the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to his
                      age.

             (vii)    In March 2023, Ms. Su Min retired and resigned as the Non-Executive Director of the Bank.

             (viii)   As of 31 December 2023, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. Details of the Scheme are set
                      out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    199
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                   2022
                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances                         Retirement
                                                  Directors’   and benefits     Discretionary          scheme
                                                        fees        in kind          bonuses     contributions         Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                           (i)              (i)
       Executive director
       Wang Liang                                         –           3,625            2,580              220          6,425
       Subtotal                                           –           3,625            2,580              220          6,425
       The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for his services in connection with the management of the affairs
       of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                     –                 –               –              –                –
       Hu Jianhua (ii)                                  –                 –               –              –                –
       Sun Yunfei (ii)                                  –                 –               –              –                –
       Zhou Song                                        –                 –               –              –                –
       Hong Xiaoyuan                                    –                 –               –              –                –
       Zhang Jian                                       –                 –               –              –                –
       Su Min                                           –                 –               –              –                –
       Chen Dong (ii)                                   –                 –               –              –                –
       Subtotal                                           –               –                 –                –              –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
          directors and supervisors
       Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –                 –            500
       Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                 –            500
       Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                 –            500
       Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                 –            500
       Li Chaoxian                                     500                –               –                 –            500
       Shi Yongdong                                    500                –               –                 –            500
       Xiong Liangjun                                     –          3,317            2,098               211          5,626
       Luo Sheng (iii)                                    –               –               –                 –              –
       Peng Bihong                                        –               –               –                 –              –
       Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                 –              –
       Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                 –            400
       Cai Hongping (iii)                              202                –               –                 –            202
       Zhang Xiang (iii)                               202                –               –                 –            202
       Wang Wanqing                                       –          2,650                –                 –          2,650
       Cai Jin                                            –          1,548                –                 –          1,548
       Subtotal                                      3,804            7,515            2,098              211         13,628
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors or
       supervisors of the Bank.
       Former executive, non-executive
         directors and supervisors
       Fu Gangfeng (iv)                                   –              –              –                 –                 –
       Tian Huiyu (v)                                     –              –              –                 –                 –
       Wang Daxiong (v)                                   –              –              –                 –                 –
       Luo Sheng (v)                                      –              –              –                 –                 –
       Guo Xikun (vi)                                     –              –              –                 –                 –
       Ding Huiping (vi)                               167               –              –                 –              167
       Han Zirong (vi)                                 167               –              –                 –              167
       Subtotal                                        334                –                 –                –           334
       The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
       directors or supervisors of the Bank.
       Total                                         4,138         11,140          4,678          431          20,387
200   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      On 27 September 2023, the Board of Directors approved the discretionary bonuses of the Bank’s directors, supervisors and executive officers
                      for 2022.

             (ii)     In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Hu Jianhua, Mr. Sun Yunfei
                      and Mr. Chen Dong were elected as Non-Executive Directors of the Bank, whose qualifications as the Directors were approved by the former
                      China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the “former CBIRC”) in October 2022.

             (iii)    In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Luo Sheng was elected as
                      the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank, and Mr. Cai Hongping and Mr. Zhang Xiang were elected as External Supervisors of the Bank.

             (iv)     In November 2022, Mr. Fu Gangfeng ceased to be the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Bank due to change of work
                      arrangement.

             (v)      In June 2022, Mr. Wang Daxiong and Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Bank after the end of the 2021 Annual
                      General Meeting due to the expiry of their terms of office, and Mr. Tian Huiyu ceased to be an Executive Director of the Bank after the end of
                      the 2021 Annual General Meeting.

             (vi)     In June 2022, Mr. Guo Xikun ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to the expiry of his terms of office, and Mr. Ding
                      Huiping and Mr. Han Zirong ceased to serve as External Supervisors of the Bank due to the expiry of their terms of office.

             (vii)    As of 31 December 2022, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. Details of the Scheme are set
                      out in Note 39 (a)(iii).

             During the years of 2023 and 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors
             or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
             During the years of 2023 and 2022, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived or
             agreed to waive any remuneration.



      12. Five highest paid individuals
             During the year ended 31 December 2023, the five highest paid individuals included five persons in total. During
             the year ended 31 December 2022, the five highest paid individuals included six persons in total, two of them
             were with the same emoluments and being the third highest paid individuals, and two of them were with the same
             emoluments and being the fourth highest paid individuals. Of these highest paid individuals, two (2022: two) were
             directors or supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments were included in Note 11 above. The aggregate emolument
             of the remaining three (2022: four) highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank
             is as follows:
                                                                                                                            2023                         2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                      RMB’000
             Salaries and other emoluments                                                                                    8,263                     11,764
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                                                –                      7,455
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                                             –                        842
             Total                                                                                                            8,263                     20,061

             These highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments fell within
             the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                                               2023                        2022
             HKD
             2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                                                  1                           –
             3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                                                  2                           4
             3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                                  –                           –
             4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                                  –                           –
             4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                                  –                           –

             During the years of 2023 and 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are five
             highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                        201
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
       Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                                         2023                2022
       Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group outstanding
         at year end                                                                                                        35                  34
       Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
         outstanding during the year                                                                                        50                  47




14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                         2023                2022
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                                46,635                45,157
          – Loans and advances at amortised cost (Note 22(c)(i))                                                      50,470                40,175
          – Loans and advances at FVTOCI (Note 22(c)(ii))                                                             (3,835)                4,982
       Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                        (2,935)               (3,284)
       Financial investments                                                                                            (218)                3,879
          – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                                                      (1,227)                4,234
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                                                                1,009                  (355)
       Financial guarantees and loan commitments                                                                      (2,761)                7,112
       Other                                                                                                             557                 3,887
       Total                                                                                                          41,278                56,751




15. Income tax
(a)    Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                         2023                2022
       Current income tax expense                                                                                     28,695                34,276
         – Chinese mainland                                                                                           27,366                33,133
         – Hong Kong                                                                                                   1,155                   973
         – Overseas                                                                                                      174                   170
       Deferred taxation                                                                                                   (83)             (8,457)
       Total                                                                                                          28,612                25,819



(b)    A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                         2023                2022
       Profit before taxation                                                                                       176,618                165,113
       Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2022: 25%)                                                   44,154                 41,278
       Tax effects of the following items:                                                                          (15,542)               (15,459)
         – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                            (18,872)               (17,114)
         – Effects of costs, expenses and losses not deductible for tax purpose                                       4,551                  2,548
         – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions                                                (260)                  (215)
         – Tax effect of perpetual bond/perpetual debt capital interest expense                                        (937)                  (942)
         – Other                                                                                                        (24)                   264
       Income tax expense                                                                                             28,612                25,819

       Note:   Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
202   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      16. Other comprehensive income
      (a)    Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                                              2023                                       2022
                                                                               Before-tax Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax    Before-tax    Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax
                                                                                 amount     (expense)       amount        amount        (expense)       amount
             Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss         2,766          (393)       2,373           732             553         1,285
                – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured
                    at FVTOCI                                                      4,470        (1,133)       3,337        (7,353)          1,736        (5,617)
                – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
                    measured at FVTOCI                                             (2,775)        730         (2,045)       4,631          (1,160)        3,471
                – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                             (69)         10            (59)         135             (23)          112
                – Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) from
                    equity-accounted investees                                       202             –          202        (1,155)               –       (1,155)
                – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
                    of foreign operations                                            983             –          983         4,429                –        4,429
                – Other                                                              (45)            –          (45)           45                –           45
             Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                   440           (82)         358            40               (2)          38
                – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
                    FVTOCI                                                           435           (81)         354            52               (4)          48
                – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                              5            (1)           4           (12)               2          (10)
             Other comprehensive income                                            3,206          (475)       2,731           772             551         1,323



      (b)    Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
             follows:
                                                                                                                             2023                        2022
             Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at FVTOCI
               Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                             6,083                      (1,746)
               Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss
                 upon disposal                                                                                             (2,746)                     (3,871)
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                     3,337                      (5,617)
             Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments measured at
               FVTOCI
               Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                                (2,045)                      3,471
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                    (2,045)                      3,471
             Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
               Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                               354                           48
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                       354                           48
             Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                               (58)                       112
               Reclassification adjustment for realised gain to profit or loss                                                  (1)                         –
             Net movement in hedging reserve during the year recognised in other
               comprehensive income                                                                                            (59)                       112
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                    203
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



17. Earnings per share
       The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
       Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year.
                                                                                                                         2023                         2022
       Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                         146,602                      138,012
       Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                             (996)                      (1,675)
             Net profit attributable to holders of perpetual bonds                                                    (3,562)                      (3,562)
       Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                  142,044                      132,775
       Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million shares)                                                 25,220                       25,220
       Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)                                                               5.63                         5.26

       Note:

       The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017 and non-cumulative perpetual bonds in 2020, 2021 and 2023. For the purpose of calculating
       basic earnings per share, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares and interests on non-cumulative perpetual bonds declared during the year
       should be deducted from the amounts attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

       The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
       as of 31 December 2023 and 2022. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation for
       both years.




18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                         2023                         2022
       Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                          536,637                      534,232
       Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                           125,878                       50,846
       Other deposits with central banks (note (iii))                                                                  5,054                        2,455
       Interest receivable                                                                                               302                          285
       Total                                                                                                         667,871                      587,818

       Notes:

       (i)      The Group places statutory deposit reserves with the PBOC and overseas central banks where it has operations. The statutory deposit reserves
                are not available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions located in the Chinese
                mainland are calculated at 7% and 4% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2023 (31
                December 2022: 7.5% and 6% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from
                government authorities and other organisations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB
                deposits placed by financial institutions outside the Chinese mainland. The amounts of statutory deposit reserves placed with the central banks
                of overseas countries are determined by local jurisdictions.

       (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Chinese mainland are mainly for clearing and settlement
                purposes.

       (iii)    Other deposits with central banks primarily represent fiscal deposits and foreign exchange reserve placed with the PBOC.
204   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2023      2022
             Principal (a)                                             100,757    91,587
             Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                 (223)     (509)
             Subtotal                                                  100,534    91,078
             Interest receivable                                           235      268
             Total                                                     100,769    91,346



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2023      2022
             In the Chinese mainland                                    62,381    57,809
                – Banks                                                 57,387    54,808
                – Other financial institutions                           4,994     3,001
             Outside the Chinese mainland                               38,376    33,778
              – Banks                                                   37,872    33,390
              – Other financial institutions                               504       388
             Total                                                     100,757    91,587
             Less: Impairment allowances                                  (223)     (509)
               – Banks                                                    (196)     (490)
               – Other financial institutions                              (27)      (19)
             Net carrying amount                                       100,534    91,078



      (b)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2023      2022
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                       509      378
             (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                      (287)     120
             Exchange difference                                             1       11
             Balance as at the end of the year                             223      509
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   205
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                                        2023                         2022
       Principal (a)                                                                                                286,247                      265,415
       Impairment allowances (a)(c)                                                                                    (519)                      (2,658)
       Subtotal                                                                                                     285,728                      262,757
       Interest receivable                                                                                             1,966                        1,452
       Total                                                                                                        287,694                      264,209

       Note:   Pursuant to the relevant provisions in the “Interim Measures for the Administration of Gold Leasing Business” (Yin Ban Fa [2022] No. 88)
               issued by the General Office of the PBOC in July 2022, with respect to the gold leasing business of the Group with financial institutions since
               2023, gold leased out by the Group to other financial institutions is presented under “placements with banks and other financial institutions”,
               a change from “precious metal” in prior years. The comparative figures are re-presented accordingly.




(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                                        2023                         2022
       In the Chinese mainland                                                                                      214,881                      203,014
          – Banks                                                                                                    42,041                       65,651
          – Other financial institutions                                                                            172,840                      137,363
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                   71,366                      62,401
        – Banks                                                                                                       70,625                      61,880
        – Other financial institutions                                                                                   741                         521
       Total                                                                                                        286,247                      265,415
       Less: Impairment allowances                                                                                       (519)                     (2,658)
         – Banks                                                                                                          (92)                       (163)
         – Other financial institutions                                                                                  (427)                     (2,495)
       Net carrying amount                                                                                          285,728                      262,757



(b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                                        2023                         2022
       Maturing
        – Within one month (inclusive)                                                                              107,390                       90,001
        – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                                                                175,523                      158,086
        – Over one year                                                                                               2,815                       14,670
       Total                                                                                                        285,728                      262,757



(c)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                                                                        2023                         2022
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                         2,658                        2,860
       Release for the year (note 14)                                                                                 (2,143)                        (235)
       Exchange difference                                                                                                 4                           33
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                                                  519                       2,658
206   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                         2023       2022
             Principal (a)                                             172,708    277,561
             Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                 (589)    (1,094)
             Subtotal                                                  172,119    276,467
             Interest receivable                                          127         209
             Total                                                     172,246    276,676



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2023       2022
             In the Chinese mainland                                   172,334    277,382
                – Banks                                                  9,961     42,077
                – Other financial institutions                         162,373    235,305
             Outside the Chinese mainland                                 374         179
              – Banks                                                      88           –
              – Other financial institutions                              286         179
             Total                                                     172,708    277,561
             Less: Impairment allowances                                  (589)    (1,094)
               – Banks                                                    (148)      (216)
               – Other financial institutions                             (441)      (878)
             Net carrying amount                                       172,119    276,467



      (b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                         2023       2022
             Maturing
              – Within one month (inclusive)                           172,119    268,890
              – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                   –      7,577
             Total                                                     172,119    276,467



      (c)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                         2023       2022
             Bonds                                                     164,702    256,129
             Bills                                                       7,417     20,338
             Total                                                     172,119    276,467



      (d)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2023       2022
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                     1,094      4,263
             Release for the year (note 14)                               (505)    (3,169)
             Balance as at the end of the year                            589       1,094
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          207
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers
(a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                          2023                2022
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)        5,913,324            5,432,112
        Interest receivable                                                             11,442               11,326
        Subtotal                                                                     5,924,766            5,443,438
        Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
               at amortised cost (i)                                                  (266,805)            (254,913)
              Loss allowances of interest receivable                                      (815)                (846)
        Subtotal                                                                      (267,620)            (255,759)
        Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                            5,657,146            5,187,679
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                 525,179              614,481
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                  70,430                4,994
        Total                                                                        6,252,755            5,807,154



(i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                          2023                2022
        Corporate loans and advances                                                 2,475,432            2,270,323
        Retail loans and advances                                                    3,437,883            3,161,789
        Discounted bills                                                                     9                    –
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost            5,913,324            5,432,112
        Less: Loss allowances                                                         (266,805)            (254,913)
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                (165,866)            (159,932)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                           (47,729)             (44,898)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                               (53,210)             (50,083)
        Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost              5,646,519            5,177,199



(ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                          2023                2022
        Corporate loans and advances                                                   120,762             100,430
        Discounted bills                                                               404,417             514,051
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                      525,179             614,481
        Loss allowances                                                                  (2,729)             (6,563)
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                   (2,726)             (6,311)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                 (3)               (252)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                      –                   –

        No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
        customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                          2023                2022
        Corporate loans and advances                                                     3,661                4,863
        Discounted bills                                                                66,701                    3
        Interest receivable                                                                 68                  128
        Total                                                                           70,430                4,994
208   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers
      (i)    Analysed by industry sector and category:
            Operations in the Chinese mainland
                                                                                               2023                2022
             Manufacturing                                                                  557,691             445,218
             Transportation, storage and postal services                                    477,016             461,434
             Property development                                                           303,707             349,682
             Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water          259,864             203,870
             Wholesale and retail                                                           187,737             171,786
             Leasing and commercial services                                                186,463             158,320
             Construction                                                                   110,577             103,998
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                                    95,394              78,950
             Finance                                                                         88,296              75,593
             Water, environment and public utilities management                              42,813              64,886
             Mining                                                                          42,326              34,421
             Other                                                                           76,400              67,677
             Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                     2,428,284            2,215,835
             Discounted bills                                                               471,127             514,054
             Residential mortgage                                                         1,376,815            1,379,825
             Credit cards                                                                   935,777              884,395
             Micro-finance loans                                                            750,019              629,857
             Consumer loans                                                                 301,538              202,225
             Other                                                                            7,806               11,374
             Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                        3,371,955            3,107,676
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                              6,271,366            5,837,565



            Operations outside the Chinese mainland
                                                                                               2023                2022
             Finance                                                                         45,368               36,521
             Transportation, storage and postal services                                     36,248               30,814
             Property development                                                            22,960               26,298
             Manufacturing                                                                   19,335               20,494
             Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water           12,359                9,023
             Wholesale and retail                                                            10,002                8,923
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                                     8,323               10,908
             Leasing and commercial services                                                  6,207                3,430
             Mining                                                                           4,945                6,074
             Construction                                                                       623                1,772
             Water, environment and public utilities management                                 419                  110
             Other                                                                            4,782                5,414
             Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                       171,571             159,781
             Residential mortgage                                                             8,671                9,383
             Credit cards                                                                       133                  124
             Micro-finance loans                                                              1,278                1,181
             Other                                                                           55,846               43,425
             Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                           65,928               54,113
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                237,499             213,894

             As at 31 December 2023, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the Chinese
             mainland (31 December 2022: over 90%).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                          209
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                          2023                2022
        Credit loans                                                                                              2,592,093               2,219,635
        Guaranteed loans                                                                                            822,059                 836,550
        Collateralised loans                                                                                      2,244,129               2,132,337
        Pledged loans                                                                                               379,457                 348,883
        Subtotal                                                                                                  6,037,738               5,537,405
        Discounted bills                                                                                              471,127              514,054
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                           6,508,865               6,051,459



(iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                            Overdue           Overdue
                                                                          Overdue               from              from        Overdue          Total
                                                                            within         3 months        1 year up to      more than      overdue
                                                                         3 months        up to 1 year          3 years         3 years        loans
        Credit loans                                                        20,486            13,310             3,905            1,661      39,362
        Guaranteed loans                                                     6,971             4,360             7,053              618      19,002
        Collateralised loans                                                 6,133             4,638             5,157            1,549      17,477
        Pledged loans                                                        2,571               766             1,556            1,249       6,142
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     36,161            23,074            17,671            5,077      81,983

                                                                                                               2022
                                                                                             Overdue           Overdue
                                                                           Overdue              from              from         Overdue          Total
                                                                             within        3 months        1 year up to       more than      overdue
                                                                          3 months       up to 1 year           3 years         3 years        loans
        Credit loans                                                        22,260            12,382             2,365              880      37,887
        Guaranteed loans                                                     6,533             7,537             3,581              762      18,413
        Collateralised loans                                                 5,180             6,177             2,913            1,696      15,966
        Pledged loans                                                        3,234               573               951            1,261       6,019
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     37,207            26,669             9,810            4,599      78,285

        Note:   Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

        Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
        are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:
                                                                                                                          2023                2022
        Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                            5,448               4,198
        Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                   2,565               1,819
        Total                                                                                                             8,013               6,017
210   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iv)   Analysed by ECL
                                                                                              2023
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             5,686,659       165,105           61,560    5,913,324
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                    customers at amortised cost                         (165,866)      (47,729)         (53,210)   (266,805)
             Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
               amortised cost                                          5,520,793       117,376            8,350    5,646,519
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   524,624           555                –     525,179
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
               at FVTOCI                                                   (2,726)           (3)              –       (2,729)

                                                                                              2022
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             5,217,868       156,240           58,004    5,432,112
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                    customers at amortised cost                         (159,932)      (44,898)         (50,083)    (254,913)
             Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
               amortised cost                                          5,057,936       111,342            7,921    5,177,199
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   612,660         1,821                –     614,481
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
               at FVTOCI                                                   (6,311)         (252)              –       (6,563)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          211
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
(i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
       amortised cost:
                                                                                        2023
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)       Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                     159,932        44,898           50,083    254,913
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                    7,480       (7,309)            (171)         –
         – Stage 2                                                   (5,807)       6,382             (575)         –
         – Stage 3                                                   (1,625)     (14,547)          16,172          –
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                  5,274       18,214           26,982     50,470
       Write-offs/disposals                                               –            –          (47,922)   (47,922)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                         –            –            8,819      8,819
       Exchange and other differences                                   612           91             (178)       525
       Balance as at the end of the year                           165,866        47,729           53,210    266,805

                                                                                        2022
                                                                               – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                               ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                               – Stage 1           credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                          (12-month ECL)       impaired)        impaired)      Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                     169,347        32,007           43,169    244,523
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                    3,039       (2,965)             (74)         –
         – Stage 2                                                   (7,699)       7,879             (180)         –
         – Stage 3                                                   (3,693)      (4,681)           8,374          –
       (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                       (1,694)      12,653           29,216     40,175
       Write-offs/disposals                                               –          (71)         (39,016)   (39,087)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                         –            –            8,972      8,972
       Exchange and other differences                                   632           76             (378)       330
       Balance as at the end of the year                           159,932        44,898           50,083    254,913



(ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
       FVTOCI:
                                                                                               2023            2022
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                6,563            1,581
       (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                                               (3,835)           4,982
       Exchange difference                                                                        1                –
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                       2,729           6,563
212   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (d)    Finance leases receivable
             The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
             leases of assets in which the Group is a lessor:
                                                                                                  2023                 2022
             Total minimum leases receivable
             Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                          15,305               13,323
             Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                          8,010               11,035
             Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                         7,573                6,074
             Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                         4,755                6,089
             Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                         3,729                3,860
             Over 5 years                                                                       19,145               17,448
             Subtotal                                                                           58,517               57,829
             Unearned finance income                                                           (10,491)               (9,665)
             Present value of minimum leases receivable                                         48,026               48,164
             Less: Impairment allowances                                                         (2,629)              (3,671)
               – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                            (661)              (1,308)
               – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                    (1,368)              (1,646)
               – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                          (600)                (717)
             Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                   45,397               44,493




      23. Financial investments
                                                                                Notes             2023                 2022
             Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss         23(a)          526,145              423,467
             Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(b)        1,749,024            1,555,457
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         23(c)          899,102              780,349
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                            23(d)           19,649               13,416
             Total                                                                           3,193,920            2,772,689



      (a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                Notes             2023                 2022
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                             (i)           513,266              411,591
             Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss    (ii)           12,879               11,876
             Total                                                                             526,145              423,467
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                      213
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL
      Financial investments held for trading
                                                                                  2023      2022
      Bonds:
        Classified by issuer                                                    251,189   182,416
          – Government bonds                                                    128,894    81,781
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         20,502    21,871
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    40,591    35,999
          – Other debt securities                                                61,202    42,765
         Classified by listing                                                  251,189   182,416
           – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                     236,106   167,998
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                 12,787    12,215
           – Unlisted                                                             2,296     2,203
      Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets                                           4,347     1,971
          – Equity investments                                                      257        17
          – Fund investments                                                      1,440       814
          – Wealth management products                                            1,046     1,032
          – Long position in precious metal contracts                             1,604       108
         Classified by listing                                                    4,347     1,971
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                  1,604       134
           – Unlisted                                                             2,743     1,837
       Total financial investments held for trading                             255,536   184,387
214   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
             Other financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                         2023      2022
             Bonds:
               Classified by issuer                                                     10,619    20,789
                 – Bonds issued by policy banks                                            740         –
                 – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     3,781    14,039
                 – Other debt securities                                                 6,098     6,750
               Classified by listing                                                    10,619    20,789
                 – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                        7,483    18,216
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                   2,777     1,872
                 – Unlisted                                                                359       701
             Other investments:
               Classified by underlying assets                                         247,111   206,415
                 – Equity investments                                                    4,228     4,362
                 – Fund investments                                                    240,864   199,725
                 – Wealth management products                                            1,683     1,511
                 – Other                                                                   336       817
               Classified by listing                                                   247,111   206,415
                 – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                          990       330
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                     972       653
                 – Unlisted                                                            245,149   205,432
             Total other financial investments measured at FVTPL                       257,730   227,204
             Total financial investments measured at FVTPL                             513,266   411,591



      (ii)   Financial investments designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                         2023      2022
             Bonds:
               Classified by issuer                                                     12,879    11,876
                 – Government bonds                                                        228       218
                 – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          4,492     4,559
                 – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     7,327     6,370
                 – Other debt securities                                                   832       729
               Classified by listing                                                    12,879    11,876
                 – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                       12,637    11,656
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                     242       220
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                            215
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)    Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                    2023         2022
       Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                               1,768,010    1,579,845
       Interest receivable                                                         20,796       19,294
       Subtotal                                                                 1,788,806    1,599,139
       Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                (39,390)     (43,448)
       Impairment losses of interest receivable                                      (392)        (234)
       Subtotal                                                                   (39,782)     (43,682)
       Total                                                                    1,749,024    1,555,457



(i)    Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                    2023         2022
      Bonds:
        Classified by issuer                                                    1,680,262    1,452,499
          – Government bonds                                                    1,179,073      993,624
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          442,206      394,126
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions      51,732       56,913
          – Other debt securities                                                   7,251        7,836
         Classified by listing                                                  1,680,262    1,452,499
           – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                     1,607,814    1,395,184
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                   41,533       33,319
           – Unlisted                                                              30,915       23,996
        Fair value for the listed bonds                                         1,708,448    1,457,373
      Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets                                           87,748      127,346
          – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers                 73,709      108,616
          – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                commercial banks                                                   3,738        5,500
          – Non-standard assets – Other                                            9,622       12,582
          – Other                                                                    679          648
         Classified by listing                                                    87,748      127,346
           – Unlisted                                                             87,748      127,346
       Total                                                                    1,768,010    1,579,845
       Less: Loss allowances                                                      (39,390)     (43,448)
         Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                   (13,193)     (10,120)
         Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                (486)        (960)
         Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                 (25,711)     (32,368)
       Net debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,728,620    1,536,397
216   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (ii)    Analysed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                              2023
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
              Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,738,945         1,517           27,548    1,768,010
              Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                     at amortised cost                                   (13,193)          (486)        (25,711)     (39,390)
              Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,725,752         1,031            1,837    1,728,620

                                                                                              2022
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
              Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,543,652         2,073           34,120    1,579,845
              Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                     at amortised cost                                    (10,120)         (960)        (32,368)     (43,448)
              Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,533,532         1,113            1,752    1,536,397



      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                              2023
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                     10,120           960           32,368      43,448
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                      –              –               –            –
                – Stage 2                                                    (37)            37               –            –
                – Stage 3                                                      –           (484)            484            –
              Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      3,111            (25)         (4,313)      (1,227)
              Write-offs/disposals                                            (5)            (1)         (2,904)      (2,910)
              Recovery of debt previously written off                          –              –              66           66
              Exchange difference                                              4             (1)             10           13
              Balance as at the end of the year                           13,193           486           25,711      39,390
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                217
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)
                                                                                           2022
                                                                                  – Stage 2
                                                                                   (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1       ECL – not          (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month            credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)       impaired)         impaired)        Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                     14,974              712           24,021        39,707
        Transfer to:
          – Stage 1                                                      –                –                   –          –
          – Stage 2                                                    (27)              27                   –          –
          – Stage 3                                                   (153)            (298)                451          –
        (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                     (4,674)             518               8,390      4,234
        Write-offs/disposals                                             –                –                (531)      (531)
        Recovery of debt previously written off                          –                –                  28         28
        Exchange difference                                              –                1                   9         10
        Balance as at the end of the year                           10,120              960           32,368        43,448



(c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                  2023               2022
        Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                          889,736            771,271
        Interest receivable                                                                       9,366              9,078
        Total                                                                                   899,102            780,349
        Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                     (6,812)            (6,540)
        Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                   (148)               (80)
        Total                                                                                    (6,960)            (6,620)

        No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
        FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                  2023               2022
        Bonds:
          Classified by issuer                                                                  889,736            771,271
            – Government bonds                                                                  636,625            524,651
            – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                       35,519             74,072
            – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                 149,397            119,602
            – Other debt securities                                                              68,195             52,946
          Classified by listing                                                                 889,736            771,271
            – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                                    676,653            611,110
            – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                               105,084             90,148
            – Unlisted                                                                          107,999             70,013
218   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
      (ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                                                                   2023                         2022
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                               6,540                       6,622
             Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                                                               1,009                        (355)
             Write-offs/disposals                                                                                                   (807)                          –
             Exchange difference                                                                                                      70                         273
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                                                     6,812                       6,540



      (d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                                   2023                         2022
             Repossessed equity instruments                                                                                        2,857                       3,266
             Other                                                                                                                16,792                      10,150
             Total                                                                                                                19,649                      13,416
             Classified by listing
               – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                                                                      926                       1,412
               – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                                                               9,515                       2,744
               – Unlisted                                                                                                          9,208                       9,260
             Total                                                                                                                19,649                      13,416

             During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group disposed part of the equity investments designated at
             FVTOCI. The fair value of the equity investments disposed at the date of derecognition was RMB1,226 million (2022:
             RMB2,879 million). The cumulative net of tax loss of RMB49 million (2022: cumulative net of tax gain of RMB20
             million) was transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained earnings on disposal.



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
             The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries which principally affect the financial results, assets or liabilities
             of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are subsidiaries
             as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements of the
             Group.
                                                                                                % of
                                                         Place of       Particulars of     ownership
                                                         incorporation the issued and         held by                                 Economic            Legal
             Name of company                             and operation paid up capital      the Bank       Principal activities       nature              representative
                                                                           (in millions)
             CMB International Capital Holdings          Hong Kong            HKD4,129          100%       Investment bank            Limited liability   Wang Liang
              Corporation Limited (note (i))                                                                  and investment
                                                                                                              management
             CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited       Shanghai            RMB12,000          100%       Finance leasing            Limited liability   Zhong Desheng
               (note (ii))
             CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (note (iii))     Hong Kong            HKD1,161          100%       Banking                    Limited liability   Wang Liang
             China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.   Shenzhen             RMB1,310           55%       Fund management            Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
               (note (iv))
             CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd (note (v))   Shenzhen             RMB5,556           90%       Asset management           Limited liability   Chen Yisong
             China Merchants Europe S.A. (note (vi))     Luxembourg             EUR100          100%       Banking                    Limited liability   Xue Fei
             Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company        Beijing               RMB500       (note (vii))   Asset management           Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
               Limited (note (vii))
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   219
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
       Notes:

       (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBIC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
                International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved for setting up by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998]
                No. 405. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBIC. The capital of CMBIC increased to HKD1,000
                million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. The Board of Directors passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital
                Increase and Restructuring of CMBIC” which agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBIC
                on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution was completed on 20 January 2016.

       (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFL”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved for setting up by the former CBIRC
                through its Yin Jian Fu [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution
                of RMB2,000 million in CMBFL. The capital of CMBFL increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained
                unchanged. In August 2021, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased
                to RMB12,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

       (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”) was formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
                a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
                withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

       (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
                ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
                shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became
                the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in
                CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also made capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to
                RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

       (v)      CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, approved for setting up by the former CBIRC with
                Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No. 981. It was formally established on 1 November 2019. In accordance with the approval of former CBIRC (Yin Bao
                Jian Fu [2021] No. 920)”, JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited (“ JPMorgan Asset Management “) has subscribed for a 10%
                stake in CMBWM in 2022 with an investment of RMB2,667 million. After the completion of capital injection, CMBWM’s registered capital has
                been increased to approximately RMB5,556 million from RMB5,000 million and the Bank’s and JPMorgan Asset Management’s shareholdings
                are 90% and 10% respectively. The legal representative of CMBWM was changed from Chen Yisong to Wu Jianbing on 22 January 2024.

       (vi)     China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the former CBIRC with Yin Jian
                Fu [2016] No. 460. The Bank received an approval from the European Central Bank (ECB) for the establishment of CMB Europe S.A. in
                Luxembourg in May 2021. In June 2023, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of EUR 50 million in CMB Europe S.A. The capital of
                CMB Europe S.A. increased to EUR 100 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

       (vii)    Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) was registered and established on 18 October 2020 with the
                approval for setting up by the former CBIRC with Yin Bao Jian Fu [2020] No. 708. CIGNA & CMAM is an indirectly controlled subsidiary of the
                Bank, with 87.3458% held by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and 12.6542% held by CMBIC, a subsidiary
                of the Bank.
220   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      25. Interests in joint ventures
                                                                                                                                 2023                        2022
             Share of net assets                                                                                                15,707                    14,247
             Share of profits for the year                                                                                       1,860                      1,710
             Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                             31                       (997)

             Details of the Group’s interests in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                                Place of         Particulars of      Group’s      Percentage of
                                                                                incorporation       issued and      effective    ownership held
             Name of joint ventures                           Economic nature   and operation   paid up capital      interest       by the Bank   Principal activity
                                                                                                    (in millions)
             CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (note(i)) Limited liability   Shenzhen              RMB2,800       50.00%              50.00%   Life insurance
                                                                                                                                                     business
             Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Joint stock limited       Shenzhen            RMB10,000        50.00%              50.00%   Consumer finance
              Limited (note(ii))                      company

             Notes:

             (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., (“CIGNA & CMB Life”) and Cigna Health and Life
                       Insurance Company (“CHLIC”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests. The Bank and CHLIC share the joint venture’s risk, profits and losses
                       based on their shareholding proportionally. The Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

             (ii)      CMB WLB, one of the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), a subsidiary
                       of China Unicom Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). Former CBIRC approved the
                       operation of MUCFC on 3 March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC each held 50% equity interests in MUCFC and share the risks, profits and
                       losses proportionally based on their shareholdings. In December 2017, the Bank and CUNC made a capital contribution of RMB600 million in
                       MUCFC respectively. After the capital injection, the capital of MUCFC increased to RMB2,859 million, with the Bank’s shareholding percentage
                       becoming 15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage becoming 35%, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%. In
                       December 2018, the Bank made another capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in MUCFC, and CUNC made the same amount of capital
                       injection. After that, the share capital of MUCFC has reached RMB3,869 million. The Bank and CMB WLB then held 24.15% and 25.85% of
                       equity interests in MUCFC, respectively, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%.

                       In July 2021, CMB WLB transferred all its shares of MUCFC to the Bank. After the transfer, the Bank and CUNC each held 50% of equity
                       interests in MUCFC, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In October 2021, MUCFC converted RMB1,331
                       million of its capital reserve and RMB4,800 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the share capital of MUCFC increased to
                       RMB10,000 million after the conversion.

                       In July 2023, MUCFC completed the registration of the change of its Chinese name from “招聯消費金融有限公司” to “招聯消費金融股份有限
                       公司”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                  221
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



25. Interests in joint ventures (continued)
       Summarised financial information with necessary adjustments in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies of
       the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as follows:


       (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life:
                                                                                                                 Other               Total
                                                                                                         comprehensive       comprehensive      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                    Net        income/            income/   and cash          and Income
                                            Assets Liabilities         Equity      Revenue        profit     (expense)          (expense) equivalents amortisation    tax
              2023
              CIGNA & CMB Life             165,340     155,485         9,855         40,661        429                63               492       2,590         149      (944)
              Group’s effective interest    82,359      77,743         4,616         20,331        167                31               198       1,295          75      (472)
              2022
              CIGNA & CMB Life             130,758     121,145         9,613         31,841        730             (1,996)         (1,266)       1,071         147      (475)
              Group’s effective interest    65,116      60,573         4,543         15,921        336               (997)           (661)         536          74      (238)



       (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                        Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                            Net comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                              Assets     Liabilities            Equity    Revenue         profit      income equivalents amortisation    tax
              2023
              MUCFC                         176,421        156,054              20,367        19,602       3,600               3,600         4,170             44       533
              Group’s effective interest     88,211         78,027              10,184         9,801       1,800               1,800         2,085             22       267
              2022
              MUCFC                         164,346        147,279              17,067        17,501       3,329               3,329         5,425             47       500
              Group’s effective interest     82,174         73,640               8,534         8,751       1,665               1,665         2,713             24       250



       Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                   Other                          Total
                                                                                                                           comprehensive                 comprehensive
                                                                                                   Net loss                      expense                       expense
       2023
       Other joint ventures                                                                            (1,197)                               –                      (1,197)
       Group’s effective interest                                                                        (107)                               –                        (107)
       2022
       Other joint ventures                                                                            (2,874)                               –                       (2,874)
       Group’s effective interest                                                                        (291)                               –                         (291)
222   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      26. Interests in associates
                                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
             Share of net assets                                                                                                       10,883                          9,597
             Share of profits for the year                                                                                                   616                          815
             Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                                      171                         (158)

             Details of the Group’s interest in major associate are as follows:
                                                                           Place of                 Particulars of          Group’s        Percentage of
                                                                           incorporation               issued and          effective      ownership held
                                                    Economic nature        and operation           paid up capital          interest         by the Bank    Principal activity
                                                                                                       (in millions)
             Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (Note)       Joint stock limited    Taizhou                      RMB 1,800         24.8559%             24.8559%     Commercial Bank
                                                    company

             Note:     The Bank, which originally held a 10% stake in Bank of Taizhou, acquired a total of 14.8559% stake from Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An
                       Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. at a total consideration of RMB3,121 million on 31 May 2021. Upon the completion of the transaction,
                       the Bank held 24.8559% stake of Bank of Taizhou. The Bank can exercise significant influence on Bank of Taizhou and therefore this
                       investment is included in interests in associates.

             Summarised financial information of the associate which is individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                         Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                             Net comprehensive comprehensive and cash           and Income
                                          Assets Liabilities      Equity    Revenue        profit      income        income equivalents amortisation    tax
             2023
             Bank of Taizhou Co.,
               Ltd.                     402,413     369,702       32,711      12,552       4,639                  184             4,823         9,561            522      1,099
             Group’s effective interest 98,881       91,893        6,988       3,120       1,052                   46             1,098         2,376            130        273
             2022
             Bank of Taizhou Co.,
               Ltd.                     372,578     343,254       29,324      11,034       4,445                 (138)            4,307        20,368            522      1,196
             Group’s effective interest 91,509       85,319        6,190       2,743       1,004                  (35)              969         5,063            130        297

             Summarised financial information of the associates that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                    Other                           Total
                                                                                                                            comprehensive                  comprehensive
                                                                                                      Net loss           income/(expense)                        expense
             2023
             Other associates                                                                            (5,308)                             781                       (4,527)
             Group’s effective interest                                                                    (436)                             125                         (311)
             2022
             Other associates                                                                          (11,527)                             (737)                   (12,264)
             Group’s effective interest                                                                   (189)                             (123)                      (312)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      223
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



27. Investment properties
                                                                                                   2023                    2022
       Cost:
       At 1 January                                                                                3,301                  3,135
       Transfers (out)/in                                                                           (159)                    13
       Disposals                                                                                     (79)                     –
       Exchange difference                                                                            34                    153
       At 31 December                                                                              3,097                  3,301
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January                                                                                2,033                  1,763
       Depreciation                                                                                  140                    132
       Transfers (out)/in                                                                           (204)                    33
       Disposals                                                                                     (57)                     –
       Exchange difference                                                                            25                    105
       At 31 December                                                                              1,937                  2,033
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December                                                                              1,160                  1,268
       At 1 January                                                                                1,268                  1,372

       As at 31 December 2023, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
       Group (31 December 2022: Nil).
       Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank that have
       been leased out under operating leases. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the
       market approach and the method of capitalisation of net rental income. As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of
       these properties was RMB4,432 million (31 December 2022: RMB5,534 million).
       The Group’s total future minimum leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                   2023                    2022
       Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                    227                      289
       1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                196                      240
       2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                165                      184
       3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                136                      153
       4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                 79                      102
       Over 5 years                                                                                 225                      275
       Total                                                                                       1,028                  1,243

       The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as follows:
                                                                                                                      Fair Value
                                                                                                                            as at
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                     Level 1          Level 2          Level 3              2023
       Located in the Chinese mainland                                     –           2,036                   –           2,036
       Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,396           2,396
       Total                                                               –           2,036               2,396           4,432

                                                                                                                      Fair Value
                                                                                                                            as at
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                      Level 1         Level 2          Level 3             2022
       Located in the Chinese mainland                                     –           3,140                   –           3,140
       Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,394           2,394
       Total                                                               –           3,140               2,394           5,534

       In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
224   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                       Aircraft,
                                                                                                    vessels and
                                               Land and Construction     Computer        Leasehold professional
                                               buildings in progress    equipment    improvements equipment        Other      Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2023                   30,501        3,787       18,516           11,678       85,741    5,478    155,701
             Additions                               40        2,879        1,145              775       24,689      360     29,888
             Reclassification and transfers       2,445       (2,686)          28              380            –       (8)       159
             Disposals                              (15)           –       (2,374)             (82)      (6,983)    (625)   (10,079)
             Exchange difference                     55            –           23               16        1,356        5      1,455
             At 31 December 2023                 33,026        3,980       17,338           12,767      104,803    5,210    177,124
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2023                   14,339            –       14,791            8,045       13,111    4,344     54,630
             Depreciation                         1,408            –        2,064              934        5,921      541     10,868
             Reclassification and transfers         204            –           24                –            –      (24)       204
             Disposals                              (10)           –       (2,319)             (40)      (2,400)    (595)    (5,364)
             Exchange difference                     43            –           22                7          183        4        259
             At 31 December 2023                 15,984            –       14,582            8,946       16,815    4,270     60,597
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2023                       20            –            –                –        1,132        –      1,152
             Charge                                   –            –            –                –          183        –        183
             Disposals                                –            –            –                –         (175)       –       (175)
             Exchange difference                      –            –            –                –           19        –         19
             At 31 December 2023                     20            –            –                –        1,159        –      1,179
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2023                 17,022        3,980        2,756            3,821       86,829     940     115,348
             At 1 January 2023                   16,142        3,787        3,725            3,633       71,498    1,134     99,919
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   225
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                       Aircraft,
                                                                                                                    vessels and
                                                     Land and     Construction      Computer         Leasehold     professional
                                                     buildings     in progress     equipment     improvements       equipment          Other           Total
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2022                               28,876            3,502        16,860            10,925          61,327         5,909        127,399
       Additions                                           24            1,910         1,898               649          26,872           357         31,710
       Reclassification and transfers                   1,490           (1,625)          162               122               –          (162)           (13)
       Disposals                                         (150)               –          (517)             (100)         (7,912)         (643)        (9,322)
       Exchange difference                                261                –           113                82           5,454            17          5,927
       At 31 December 2022                             30,501           3,787         18,516            11,678          85,741         5,478        155,701
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2022                               12,998                –        12,924             7,028           9,051         4,465         46,466
       Depreciation                                     1,286                –         2,174             1,103           5,027           557         10,147
       Reclassification and transfers                     (33)               –           113                 –               –          (113)           (33)
       Disposals                                          (87)               –          (497)              (70)         (1,653)         (578)        (2,885)
       Exchange difference                                175                –            77               (16)            686            13            935
       At 31 December 2022                             14,339                –        14,791             8,045          13,111         4,344         54,630
       Impairment loss:
       At 1 January 2022                                   20                –              –                 –               498          –            518
       Charge                                               –                –              –                 –               778          –            778
       Disposals                                            –                –              –                 –              (194)         –           (194)
       Exchange difference                                  –                –              –                 –                50          –             50
       At 31 December 2022                                 20                –              –                 –          1,132             –          1,152
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2022                             16,142           3,787          3,725             3,633          71,498         1,134         99,919
       At 1 January 2022                               15,858           3,502          3,936             3,897          51,778         1,444         80,415

       (a)       As at 31 December 2023, the process of obtaining the registration certificate for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value
                 of RMB2,476 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,108 million) was still in progress. Management is of the view that the aforesaid matter would
                 neither affect the rights of the Group to these assets nor have any significant impact on the business operation of the Group.

       (b)       As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2022: None).

       (c)       As at 31 December 2023, the carrying value of mortgaged aircraft and vessels for placements from banks and other financial institutions of
                 the CMBFL was RMB24,508 million (31 December 2022: RMB24,512 million).

       (d)       The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                 Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                10,711                     11,306
                 1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                             8,993                      9,601
                 2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                             7,906                      8,134
                 3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                             6,808                      7,087
                 4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                             6,363                      6,151
                 Over 5 years                                                                                             21,954                     19,876
                 Total                                                                                                    62,735                     62,155
226   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      29. Lease contracts
      (a)    Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                            Motor
                                                                     Land                   Computer       vehicles
                                                                use rights    Buildings    equipment     and other         Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2023                                      6,000       23,926            10             11       29,947
             Additions                                                  –        4,161             –              2        4,163
             Decrease                                                   –       (3,055)            –             (2)      (3,057)
             Exchange difference                                        2           12             –              –           14
             At 31 December 2023                                    6,002       25,044            10             11       31,067
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2023                                      1,375       10,953             5              2       12,335
             Depreciation (note 10)                                   182        4,018             3              2        4,205
             Decrease                                                   –       (2,584)            –             (1)      (2,585)
             Exchange difference                                        –           12             –              –           12
             At 31 December 2023                                    1,557       12,399             8              3       13,967
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2023                                         59             –            –              –           59
             At 31 December 2023                                       59             –            –              –           59
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2023                                    4,386       12,645             2              8       17,041
             At 1 January 2023                                      4,566       12,973             5              9       17,553

                                                                                                             Motor
                                                                     Land                   Computer        vehicles
                                                                use rights     Buildings   equipment      and other         Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2022                                      5,985       23,070              7            16       29,078
             Additions                                                  –        3,656              4             7        3,667
             Decrease                                                   –       (2,848)            (1)          (12)      (2,861)
             Exchange difference                                       15           48              –             –           63
             At 31 December 2022                                    6,000       23,926            10             11       29,947
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2022                                      1,190         9,414             3             9       10,616
             Depreciation (note 10)                                   181         3,965             3             2        4,151
             Decrease                                                   –        (2,458)           (1)           (9)      (2,468)
             Exchange difference                                        4            32             –             –           36
             At 31 December 2022                                    1,375       10,953             5              2       12,335
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2022                                         59             –            –              –           59
             At 31 December 2022                                       59             –            –              –           59
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2022                                    4,566       12,973             5              9       17,553
             At 1 January 2022                                      4,736       13,656             4              7       18,403

             The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
             basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
             length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
             option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
             change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            227
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



29. Lease contracts (continued)
(b)    Lease liabilities
       Analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                           2023                 2022
       Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                            454                  503
       1 month to 3 months (inclusive)                                                       578                  591
       3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                                      2,804                3,091
       1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                       3,085                3,038
       2 years to 5 years (inclusive)                                                      4,672                4,612
       Over 5 years                                                                        1,082                1,178
       Total                                                                             12,675               13,013

       Interest expense on lease liabilities is set out in note 7.



(c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
       Short-term lease expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
       short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and other.



(d)    During the year of 2023, total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amounted to RMB5,053 million (2022: RMB4,932
       million).



(e)    As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the leases committed but not yet commenced were not significant.
228   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      30. Intangible assets
                                                                        Software
                                                                       and other    Core deposits    Total
             Cost/appraisal value:
             At 1 January 2023                                            10,393           1,181    11,574
             Additions                                                       253               –       253
             Disposals                                                       (73)              –       (73)
             Exchange difference                                               4              22        26
             At 31 December 2023                                          10,577           1,203    11,780
             Accumulated amortisation:
             At 1 January 2023                                             7,572             600     8,172
             Charge for the year (note 10)                                   888              42       930
             Disposals                                                       (46)              –       (46)
             Exchange difference                                               4              11        15
             At 31 December 2023                                           8,418             653     9,071
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2023                                           2,159             550     2,709
             At 1 January 2023                                             2,821             581     3,402

                                                                        Software
                                                                       and other    Core deposits    Total
             Cost/appraisal value:
             At 1 January 2022                                            10,045           1,083    11,128
             Additions                                                       347               –       347
             Disposals                                                       (13)              –       (13)
             Exchange difference                                              14              98       112
             At 31 December 2022                                          10,393           1,181    11,574
             Accumulated amortisation:
             At 1 January 2022                                             6,550             512     7,062
             Charge for the year (note 10)                                 1,021              40     1,061
             Disposals                                                       (10)              –       (10)
             Exchange difference                                              11              48        59
             At 31 December 2022                                           7,572             600     8,172
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2022                                           2,821             581     3,402
             At 1 January 2022                                             3,495             571     4,066
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                     229
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



31. Goodwill
                                                                                     As at              Addition             Decrease               As at
                                                                              31 December                 during               during        31 December
                                                                                     2022               the year             the year               2023
       CMB WLB (note (i))                                                             10,177                      –                    –             10,177
       CMFM (note (ii))                                                                  355                      –                    –                355
       CMI (note (iii))                                                                   45                      –                  (45)                 –
       Zhaoyin Internet (note (iv))                                                        1                      –                    –                  1
       Total                                                                          10,578                      –                  (45)            10,533
       Less: Impairment allowances – CMB WLB                                             (579)                    –                    –                (579)
       Net carrying amount                                                             9,999                      –                  (45)              9,954

       Notes:

       (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million, being the
                excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                in Note 24.

       (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                net assets was RMB752 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million, being the excess of acquisition
                cost of RMB769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in
                Note 24.

       (iii)    On 30 December 2022, CMB Wing Lung Insurance Company Limited (“CMB WLI”), a subsidiary of CMB WLB, issued shares to purchase the
                business of China Merchants Insurance Company Limited (“CMI”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMI ‘s identifiable net assets was
                RMB357 million. A sum of RMB45 million, being the excess of acquisition cost of RMB402 million over the fair value of the identifiable net
                assets, was recognised as goodwill. On 29 June 2023, CMI injected capital into CMB WLI. The Group’s shareholding of CMB WLI changed to
                45% and lost control of CMB WLI. The Group converted it into an associate and derecognised the goodwill of RMB45 million.

       (iv)     On 1 April 2015, CMBIC acquired the 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (Shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million, being
                the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill.




       Impairment test for goodwill
       The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use
       cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows
       beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-
       term average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
       In assessing the impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the
       forecast long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. The discount rate adopted by the
       Group is the before-tax rate and reflects the specific risk associated with the CGU. A pre-tax discount rates of CMB
       WLB and CMFM adopted by the Group are 10% and 9% (2022: 11% and 10%). The Group believes any reasonably
       possible change in the key assumptions on which recoverable amounts are based would not cause the carrying
       amounts of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts.
230   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                       2023                2022
             Deferred tax assets                                                                      90,557             90,848
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (1,607)            (1,510)
             Net amount                                                                               88,950             89,338



      (a)    Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) and related temporary differences are
             attributable to the following items:
                                                                                   2023                          2022
                                                                       Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                                          (taxable)                       (taxable)
                                                                        temporary         Deferred      temporary       Deferred
                                                                        difference             tax      difference           tax
             Deferred tax assets before offsetting
               qualifying amounts
             Impairment allowances on loans and advances to
               customers and other assets at amortised cost                 297,564         74,251        302,062        75,278
             Financial assets at FVTOCI                                       1,605            264          2,170           359
             Financial instruments at FVTPL                                     451            113          1,839           461
             Lease liabilities                                               12,543          3,135         12,624         3,156
             Salaries and welfare payable and other                          84,873         20,538         75,077        18,146
             Total                                                          397,036         98,301        393,772        97,400
             Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting
               qualifying amounts
             Financial assets at FVTOCI                                       (9,985)       (2,496)        (5,487)       (1,371)
             Financial instruments at FVTPL                                   (1,904)         (476)          (894)         (224)
             Right-of-use assets                                             (12,317)       (3,133)       (12,641)       (3,160)
             Other                                                           (19,476)       (3,246)       (19,669)       (3,307)
             Total                                                           (43,682)       (9,351)       (38,691)       (8,062)

                                                                                                       2023                2022
             Deferred tax assets before offsetting qualifying amounts                                 98,301             97,400
             Offsetting amounts                                                                       (7,744)            (6,552)
             Deferred tax assets after offsetting qualifying amounts                                  90,557             90,848
             Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting qualifying amounts                            (9,351)            (8,062)
             Offsetting amounts                                                                        7,744              6,552
             Deferred tax liabilities after offsetting qualifying amounts                             (1,607)            (1,510)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                        231
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)
(b)    Movements of deferred tax
                                                            Impairment
                                                             allowances
                                                          on loans and
                                                           advances to
                                                         customers and               Financial            Financial
                                                         other assets at                assets         instruments
                                                         amortised cost             at FVTOCI             at FVTPL                  Other                  Total
       At 1 January 2023                                          75,278                (1,012)                  237               14,835                89,338
       Recognised in profit or loss                               (1,045)                 (730)                 (592)               2,450                    83
       Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                  (493)                    –                    9                  (484)
       Exchange difference                                            18                     3                    (8)                   –                    13
       At 31 December 2023                                        74,251                (2,232)                 (363)              17,294                88,950

                                                             Impairment
                                                              allowances
                                                           on loans and
                                                             advances to
                                                          customers and               Financial             Financial
                                                          other assets at                assets          instruments
                                                          amortised cost             at FVTOCI               at FVTPL                Other                 Total
       At 1 January 2022                                          71,191                (2,764)                   (4)              11,863                80,286
       Recognised in profit or loss                                4,061                 1,160                   243                2,993                 8,457
       Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                   578                     –                  (21)                  557
       Exchange difference                                            26                    14                    (2)                   –                    38
       At 31 December 2022                                        75,278                (1,012)                  237               14,835                89,338

       Note:   No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
               is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in
               the foreseeable future.
232   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      33. Other assets
                                                                                                                             2023              2022
             Amounts pending for settlement                                                                               13,842              15,387
             Continuing involvement assets                                                                                 5,274               5,274
             Interest receivable                                                                                           4,526               4,154
             Prepaid lease payments                                                                                          203                 209
             Repossessed assets (a)                                                                                          417                 456
             Guarantee deposits                                                                                              563                 465
             Receivable from reinsurers                                                                                        –                 329
             Prepayment for leasehold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                            7,436               7,569
             Premium receivables                                                                                               –                 196
             Post-employment benefits: defined benefit plan (note 39(b))                                                      50                  50
             Other                                                                                                        21,573              21,889
             Total                                                                                                        53,884              55,978



      (a)    Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                             2023              2022
             Land and buildings                                                                                               551               606
             Other repossessed assets                                                                                           5                 6
             Total                                                                                                            556                612
             Less: Impairment allowances                                                                                     (139)              (156)
             Net repossessed assets                                                                                           417               456

             Note:   In 2023, the Group disposed of repossessed assets with a total carrying value of RMB56 million (2022: RMB44 million).




      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                                             2023              2022
             Principal (a)                                                                                               507,460             644,618
             Interest payable                                                                                                918               1,056
             Total                                                                                                       508,378             645,674



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                                             2023              2022
             In the Chinese mainland                                                                                     496,795             633,178
                – Banks                                                                                                   32,286             103,250
                – Other financial institutions                                                                           464,509             529,928
             Outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                 10,665              11,440
              – Banks                                                                                                      9,884              10,779
              – Other financial institutions                                                                                 781                 661
             Total                                                                                                       507,460             644,618
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                      233
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
       Principal (a)                                                                                                  246,085                      206,015
       Interest payable                                                                                                 1,214                        1,012
       Total                                                                                                          247,299                      207,027

       Note:   Pursuant to the relevant provisions in the “Interim Measures for the Administration of Gold Leasing Business” (Yin Ban Fa [2022] No. 88)
               issued by the General Office of the PBOC in July 2022, with respect to the gold leasing business of the Group with financial institutions
               since 2023, gold leased in by the Group from other financial institutions is presented under “placements from banks and other financial
               institutions”, a change from “financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss” in prior years. The comparative figures are re-presented
               accordingly.




(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
       In the Chinese mainland                                                                                        157,360                      136,235
          – Banks                                                                                                     155,595                      135,636
          – Other financial institutions                                                                                1,765                          599
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                     88,725                       69,780
        – Banks                                                                                                         88,512                       69,571
        – Other financial institutions                                                                                     213                          209
       Total                                                                                                          246,085                      206,015




36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
       Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                                                       16,128                       18,247
       Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)                                        27,830                       30,897
       Total                                                                                                            43,958                       49,144



(a)    Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
       Financial liabilities related to precious metal                                                                  15,748                       17,634
       Short position on bonds                                                                                             380                          613
       Total                                                                                                            16,128                       18,247



(b)    Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
       In the Chinese mainland                                                                                          21,865                       22,047
          – Other                                                                                                       21,865                       22,047
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                       5,965                        8,850
        – Certificates of deposit issued                                                                                    212                          383
        – Debt securities issued                                                                                          5,179                        7,709
        – Other                                                                                                             574                          758
       Total                                                                                                            27,830                       30,897

       As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
       designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable amount at maturity is not significant. The
       amounts of changes in the fair value of these liabilities that are attributable to changes in credit risk of the Group
       are not significant during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 and as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.
234   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                       2023      2022
             Principal (a)(b)                                                        134,863   107,024
             Interest payable                                                            215        69
             Total                                                                   135,078   107,093



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                       2023      2022
             In the Chinese mainland                                                 117,668   103,452
                – Banks                                                              108,366   103,446
                – Other financial institutions                                         9,302         6
             Outside the Chinese mainland                                             17,195     3,572
              – Banks                                                                 10,316     2,801
              – Other financial institutions                                           6,879       771
             Total                                                                   134,863   107,024



      (b)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                                       2023      2022
             Debt securities                                                         117,032    95,999
               – Government bonds                                                     84,438    73,335
               – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         17,266    15,330
               – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     6,592     3,476
               – Other debt securities                                                 8,736     3,858
             Discounted bills                                                         17,831    11,025
             Total                                                                   134,863   107,024
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                           235
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



38. Deposits From Customers
                                                                     2023        2022
       Principal (a)                                             8,155,438   7,535,742
       Interest payable                                             85,060      54,837
       Total                                                     8,240,498   7,590,579



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                     2023        2022
       Corporate customers                                       4,660,522   4,431,553
         – Demand deposits                                       2,644,685   2,762,671
         – Time deposits                                         2,015,837   1,668,882
       Retail customers                                          3,494,916   3,104,189
         – Demand deposits                                       1,829,612   1,983,364
         – Time deposits                                         1,665,304   1,120,825
       Total                                                     8,155,438   7,535,742



(b)    The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
       guarantees are as follows:
                                                                     2023        2022
       Guarantee for acceptance bills                             240,613     199,384
       Guarantee for loans                                         10,792       6,888
       Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                     23,843      29,366
       Deposit for letters of guarantee                            47,694      44,732
       Other                                                       27,788      42,490
       Total                                                      350,730     322,860
236   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme
      (a)    Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                           Decrease
                                                                                                       for the year
                                                                            Charge/      Payment/      arising from
                                                         Beginning       (Decrease)      transfers       disposal of    Ending
                                                           balance     for the year    in the year      subsidiaries   balance
             Short-term employee benefits (i)               23,075          61,371        (56,099)              (33)    28,314
             Post-employment benefits – defined
               contribution plans (ii)                        765            5,540          (5,944)               –       361
             Other long-term employee benefits (iii)
               – cash settled share-based transactions          26              (18)             (4)              –         4
             Total                                          23,866          66,893        (62,047)              (33)    28,679

                                                                                         2022
                                                                             Charge
                                                                        for the year       Charge/         Payment/
                                                         Beginning     arising from      (Decrease)        transfers    Ending
                                                           balance     combination     for the year      in the year   balance
             Short-term employee benefits (i)               18,065             151         58,583           (53,724)    23,075
             Post-employment benefits – defined
               contribution plans (ii)                       1,629                –          5,110           (5,974)      765
             Other long-term employee benefits (iii)
               – cash settled share-based transactions          67                –             (41)              –        26
             Total                                          19,761             151         63,652           (59,698)    23,866
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                        237
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(i)    Short-term employee benefits
                                                                               2023
                                                                                                Decrease
                                                                                            for the year
                                                                               Payment/     arising from
                                               Beginning          Charge       transfers      disposal of    Ending
                                                 balance     for the year    in the year     subsidiaries   balance
       Salaries and bonus                         18,888          52,040        (47,303)             (33)    23,592
       Welfare expense                                17           2,883         (2,885)               –         15
       Social insurance                              371           1,809         (1,818)               –        362
         – Medical insurance                         353           1,679         (1,687)               –        345
         – Injury insurance                            6              41            (41)               –          6
         – Maternity insurance                        12              89            (90)               –         11
       Housing reserve                               157           2,602         (2,618)               –        141
       Labour union and employee
         education expenses                         3,642          2,037          (1,475)              –      4,204
       Total                                      23,075          61,371        (56,099)             (33)    28,314

                                                                               2022
                                                                   Charge
                                                              for the year                      Payment/
                                                Beginning    arising from         Charge        transfers    Ending
                                                  balance    combination     for the year     in the year   balance
       Salaries and bonus                         14,318             151         48,682          (44,263)    18,888
       Welfare expense                                19               –          2,310           (2,312)        17
       Social insurance                              530               –          3,311           (3,470)       371
         – Medical insurance                         515               –          3,192           (3,354)       353
         – Injury insurance                            6               –             34              (34)         6
         – Maternity insurance                         9               –             85              (82)        12
       Housing reserve                               166               –          2,309           (2,318)       157
       Labour union and employee
         education expenses                         3,032               –          1,971          (1,361)     3,642
       Total                                      18,065             151         58,583          (53,724)    23,075
238   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (ii)   Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                        Payment/
                                                                       Beginning         Charge         transfers        Ending
                                                                         balance    for the year      in the year       balance
             Basic retirement insurance                                     151            3,465           (3,437)          179
             Supplementary pension                                          591            1,996           (2,426)          161
             Unemployment insurance                                          23               79              (81)           21
             Total                                                          765            5,540           (5,944)          361

                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                         Payment/
                                                                       Beginning          Charge         transfers        Ending
                                                                         balance     for the year      in the year       balance
             Basic retirement insurance                                      157           2,821           (2,827)          151
             Supplementary pension                                         1,450           2,221           (3,080)          591
             Unemployment insurance                                           22              68              (67)           23
             Total                                                         1,629           5,110           (5,974)          765

             In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
             the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
             December 2023, the Group’s contributions to these pension schemes are determined by local governments and vary
             at a range of 14% to 16% (2022: 14% to 16%) of the staff salaries and bonuses.
             In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
             plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
             PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
             on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2022: 0% to 8.33%).
             For its employees outside the Chinese mainland, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes
             at funding rates determined in accordance with the local practices and regulations.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                     239
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
        The Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme, the remaining ninth to tenth
        phases have not been exercised as of 31 December 2023. The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 3
        years from the grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
        linked to one H share.
(1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the Scheme are listed below:
                                                                              Number of
                                                                       unexercised share                                    Contract period of
                                                                      appreciation rights                                   share appreciation
                                                                      at the end of 2023     Exercise conditions                        rights
                                                                             (in millions)
        Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                 0.210    3 years after the grant date               10 years
        Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                  0.240    3 years after the grant date               10 years



(2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                    2023                                    2022
                                                                                              Number                                   Number
                                                                         Weighted            of share          Weighted                of share
                                                                           average       appreciation             average          appreciation
                                                                      exercise price            rights      exercise price                rights
                                                                              (HKD)       (in million)              (HKD)           (in million)
        Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                            15.91               0.61              16.21                 1.76
        Exercised during the year                                              12.81              (0.16)                 –                    –
        Forfeited during the year                                                  –                  –              13.65                (1.15)
        Outstanding at the end of the year                                     15.11               0.45              15.91                 0.61
        Exercisable at the end of the year                                     15.11               0.45              15.25                 0.55

        The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2023 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD15.11
        (2022: HKD15.91) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 3.12 years (2022: 3.70 years).
        Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
        into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
240   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
              The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
              fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
              is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual life of the rights is used as an input to the model.
                                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                                     Phase IX                    Phase X
              Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                                                                12.74                      6.34
              Share price (in HKD)                                                                                        25.80                     25.80
              Exercise price (in HKD)                                                                                      9.49                     20.03
              Expected volatility                                                                                       35.40%                    35.40%
              Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                                                              2.58                      3.58
              Expected dividends yield                                                                                   4.45%                     4.45%
              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                    1.43%                     1.43%

                                                                                                                      2022
                                                                                                Phase VIII                Phase IX                 Phase X
              Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                                         24.94                    25.27                   17.75
              Share price (in HKD)                                                                 43.30                    43.30                   43.30
              Exercise price (in HKD)                                                              12.81                    11.38                   21.92
              Expected volatility                                                                48.34%                   48.34%                  48.34%
              Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                                       2.50                     3.58                    4.58
              Expected dividends yield                                                            2.93%                    2.93%                   2.93%
              Risk-free interest rate                                                             1.43%                    1.43%                   1.43%

              The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
              life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
              available information. Expected dividend yield is based on historical dividend yields. Changes in the subjective input
              assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
              Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
              the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
              share appreciation rights granted.


      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted:
                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                 Exercised/
                                                                                    Phase IX              Phase X                Total            Forfeited
                                                                              (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)      (in thousands)
              Wang Liang                                                                 210                  240                  450                  360
              Total                                                                      210                  240                  450                  360

                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                                                Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                   Exercised/
                                                               Phase VIII            Phase IX              Phase X                Total             Forfeited
                                                          (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)
              Tian Huiyu                                               –                   –                    –                    –                1,230
              Wang Liang                                             157                 210                  240                  607                  203
              Total                                                  157                 210                  240                  607                1,433

              Note:   In 2023, senior management had exercised 0.16 million shares of appreciation rights (2022: None) and the weighted average exercise price
                      was HKD12.81 (2022: None).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  241
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
       The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
       defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension scheme. Contributions to the plan are determined based on
       periodic valuations by qualified actuaries on the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
       on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
       The latest actuarial valuation of the plan as at 31 December 2023 was performed by Towers Watson Hong Kong
       Limited, a professional actuarial firm in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits . The present values of the defined
       benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
       the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 123% (2022: 121%).
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are
       analysed as follows:
                                                                                                2023                  2022
       Fair value of the plan assets                                                             267                   285
       Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (217)                 (235)
       Net asset recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position                   50                    50

       A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
       to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
       also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
       contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2024.
       There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                                2023                  2022
       Current service cost                                                                        (8)                   (9)
       Net interest income                                                                          1                     1
       Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                               (7)                   (8)

       The actual gain on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB9 million (2022: loss of RMB42
       million).
       The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2023                  2022
       Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  235                   284
       Current service cost                                                                        8                     9
       Interest cost                                                                               8                     4
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (33)                  (49)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to liability experience                                      (1)                   (4)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to financial assumption changes                              (4)                  (31)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to demographic assumption changes                             –                     –
       Exchange difference                                                                         4                    22
       Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          217                   235

       The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2023                  2022
       Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                285                   349
       Interest income                                                                             9                     5
       Expected return on plan assets                                                              –                   (47)
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (33)                  (49)
       Exchange difference                                                                         6                    27
       Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              267                   285
242   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
             The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:
                                                                               2023                            2022
                                                                          Amount               %        Amount               %
             Equities                                                        145             54.3            153           53.7
             Bonds                                                            52             19.5             50           17.5
             Cash                                                             70             26.2             82           28.8
             Total                                                           267            100.0            285          100.0

             As at 31 December 2023, deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB61 million (2022:
             RMB58 million).
             The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                       %                    %
             Discount rate
               – Defined benefit scheme                                                                3.1                  3.3
               – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                        4.1                  4.6
             Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                    4.5                  5.0
             Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  –                    –

             In 2023 and 2022, there were no significant change in the amount of retirement benefit plan liabilities due to
             changes in the above-mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                     2023                 2022
             Corporate income tax                                                                    7,301               13,392
             Value added tax                                                                         4,035                4,141
             Other                                                                                   2,261                1,925
             Total                                                                                  13,597               19,458




      41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                     2023                 2022
             Credit card points                                                                      4,132                5,319
             Other deferred fee and commission income                                                1,354                1,360
             Total                                                                                   5,486                6,679




      42. Provisions
                                                                                                     2023                 2022
             Expected credit loss on provisions                                                     17,404               20,217
             Other                                                                                   2,258                2,274
             Total                                                                                  19,662               22,491

             The expected credit loss for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                                     2023                 2022
             Expected credit loss provisions                                                        17,404               20,217
             Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                 15,200               12,082
             Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                            1,341                7,569
             Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                                  863                  566
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                           243
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued
                                                                                                            Notes                                    2023                                    2022
       Subordinated bonds issued                                                                              (a)                                      –                                19,994
       Debt securities issued                                                                                 (b)                                119,193                               120,971
       Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit issued                                                                                        21,443                                65,719
       Certificates of deposit and other debt securities issued (note)                                                                            34,128                                15,604
       Interest payable                                                                                                                            1,814                                 1,533
       Total                                                                                                                                     176,578                               223,821

       Note:       Other debt securities issued are notes issued by overseas subsidiaries of the Bank.




(a)    Subordinated bonds issued
       As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated bonds issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Issue         Discount or          Repayment
                          Term to      Date of       Annual                         Nominal            Beginning                during           premium                 during               Ending
       Debt type          maturity     issuance      interest rate                     value              balance             the year        amortisation             the year              balance
                                                     (%)                          (in million)     (RMB in million)     (RMB in million)    (RMB in million)     (RMB in million)     (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond    120 months   15 Nov 2018 4.65                        RMB20,000                   19,994                     –                   6              (20,000)                   –
       Total                                                                                               19,994                     –                   6              (20,000)                   –



(b)    Debt securities issued
       As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                             Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                           Term to     Date of        Annual            Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
       Debt type           maturity    issuance       interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                      (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Medium term note    36 months   25 Sep 2020    3M LIBOR+0.85      USD400                   2,780                   –                 2              142              (2,924)                  –
       Medium term note    36 months   25 Sep 2020    0.95               USD300                   2,087                   –                 3              103              (2,193)                  –
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   6 Nov 2020     3.48            RMB10,000                   9,999                   –                 1                –             (10,000)                  –
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   11 Mar 2021    3.40            RMB10,000                   9,998                   –                 1                –                   –               9,999
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   3 Jun 2021     3.18            RMB20,000                  19,995                   –                 2                –                   –              19,997
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   24 Aug 2021    2.90            RMB10,000                   9,998                   –                 –                –                   –               9,998
       Medium term note    60 months   1 Sep 2021     1.25               USD300                   2,089                   –                (1)              42                   –               2,130
       Medium term note    24 months   1 Sep 2021     SOFR+0.50          USD300                   2,087                   –                 5               87              (2,179)                  –
       Medium term note    36 months   2 Mar 2022     2.00               USD400                   2,798                   –                 4               45                   –               2,847
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   11 May 2022    2.65             RMB5,000                   4,999                   –                 –                –                   –               4,999
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   1 Sep 2022     2.40            RMB10,000                   9,997                   –                 1                –                   –               9,998
       Fixed rate bond     36 months   27 Mar 2023    2.77             RMB5,000                       –               5,000                (1)               –                   –               4,999
       Medium term note    36 months   13 Jun 2023    SOFR+0.65          USD400                       –               2,850                 –               (4)                  –               2,846
       Total                                                                                     76,827               7,850                17              415             (17,296)             67,813

       Libor represents London InterBank Offered Rate. SOFR represents Secured Overnight Financing Rate.

       Note:       Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of 354 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2023
                   (31 December 2022: 555 million RMB equivalent).
244   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)    Debt securities issued (continued)
             As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFL and its subsidiary were as follows:
                                                                                                                    Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                                  Term to      Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
             Debt type            maturity     issuance      interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                             (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    13 Mar 2019   4.00             RMB500                500                 –                –                –                 –              500
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    3 Jul 2019    3.00              USD900             6,265                 –               11              106                 –            6,382
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   3 Jul 2019    3.63              USD100               694                 –                1               11                 –              706
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   14 Jul 2020   4.25            RMB2,000             1,994                 –                1                –                 –            1,995
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    12 Aug 2020   1.88              USD800             5,571                 –                5               94                 –            5,670
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   12 Aug 2020   2.75              USD400             2,771                 –                3               47                 –            2,821
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    17 Nov 2020   3.85            RMB4,000             3,997                 –                3                –            (4,000)               –
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    26 Jan 2021   3.60            RMB4,000             3,996                 –                4                –                 –            4,000
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    4 Feb 2021    2.00              USD400             2,785                 –                2               47                 –            2,834
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   4 Feb 2021    2.88              USD400             2,765                 –                3               47                 –            2,815
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    22 Mar 2021   3.58            RMB2,000             1,998                 –                2                –                 –            2,000
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    24 Mar 2021   2.00               USD20               138                 –                –                3                 –              141
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    16 Sep 2021   1.25              USD600             4,179                 –                5               71                 –            4,255
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    16 Sep 2021   1.75              USD300             2,081                 –                4               35                 –            2,120
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    16 Sep 2021   0.50              EUR100               741                 –                1               47                 –              789
             Fixed rate bond      24 months    22 Dec 2021   0.50               EUR30               222                 –                –               14              (236)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2 Mar 2022    SOFR+0.80         USD115               802                 –                –              (10)             (792)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    6 May 2022    SOFR+0.85          USD45               314                 –                –               (3)             (311)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    6 May 2022    SOFR+1.00          USD75               523                 –                –               (5)             (518)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    13 Jun 2022   SOFR+0.95         USD120               837                 –                –               20              (857)               –
             Fixed rate bond      12 months    14 Sep 2022   1.95               EUR80               592                 –                1               31              (624)               –
             Floating rate bond   6 months     20 Oct 2022   SOFR+0.75          USD50               349                 –                –               (5)             (344)               –
             Fixed rate bond      12 months    25 Nov 2022   3.21             RMB300                300                 –                –                –              (300)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    14 Dec 2022   SOFR+0.83          USD45               314                 –                –                9              (323)               –
             Floating rate bond   60 months    16 Dec 2022   SOFR+1.40         USD100               698                 –                –               11                 –              709
             Fixed rate bond      12 months    16 Dec 2022   2.90               EUR57               421                 –                1               21              (443)               –
             Fixed rate bond      24 months    17 Feb 2023   3.50             RMB500                  –               500               (1)               –                 –              499
             Floating rate bond   12 months    28 Feb 2023   SOFR+0.75          USD60                 –               416                –               10                 –              426
             Floating rate bond   6 months     28 Feb 2023   SOFR+0.75         USD145                 –             1,006                –               51            (1,057)               –
             Floating rate bond   6 months     2 Mar 2023    SOFR+0.75         USD200                 –             1,382                –               71            (1,453)               –
             Floating rate bond   6 months     15 Mar 2023   SOFR+0.75          USD80                 –               552                –               31              (583)               –
             Fixed rate bond      6 months     16 May 2023   4.40             HKD750                  –               667                –               30              (697)               –
             Floating rate bond   24 months    31 May 2023   SOFR+1.00          USD75                 –               533                –               (1)                –              532
             Floating rate bond   36 months    13 Jun 2023   SOFR+1.05         USD103                 –               737               (2)              (6)                –              729
             Floating rate bond   6 months     27 Jun 2023   SOFR+0.70          USD50                 –               361                –               (4)             (357)               –
             Fixed rate bond      18 months    10 Jul 2023   3.05             RMB700                  –               700                –                –                 –              700
             Floating rate bond   24 months    16 Aug 2023   SOFR+0.95         USD100                 –               729               (1)             (20)                –              708
             Floating rate bond   60 months    18 Aug 2023   SOFR+1.30          USD50                 –               364               (2)              (9)                –              353
             Floating rate bond   36 months    23 Aug 2023   SOFR+1.00         USD300                 –             2,188               (7)             (59)                –            2,122
             Floating rate bond   24 months    25 Aug 2023   SOFR+0.95         USD100                 –               729               (1)             (19)                –              709
             Floating rate bond   6 months     27 Oct 2023   SOFR+0.70          USD20                 –               146                –               (4)                –              142
             Floating rate bond   12 months    27 Oct 2023   SOFR+0.75          USD22                 –               161                –               (5)                –              156
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    16 Nov 2023   2.80            RMB2,500                 –             2,500               (6)               –                 –            2,494
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    27 Nov 2023   3.35             RMB350                  –               350               (2)               –                 –              348
             Floating rate bond   36 months    30 Nov 2023   SOFR+1.10          USD50                 –               357                –               (2)                –              355
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    5 Dec 2023    2.90            RMB4,000                 –             4,000              (10)               –                 –            3,990
             Total                                                                               45,847           18,378                15              655           (12,895)          52,000

             Note:       Financial bonds issued by CMBFL that were held by the Bank amounted to a total of 600 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2023
                         (31 December 2022: 1,370 million RMB equivalent). Financial bonds issued by CMB International Leasing Management Limited (CMBILM), a
                         wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBFL, that were separately held by the Bank, CMB WLB and CMBIC amounted to a total of 3,212 million RMB
                         equivalent, 563 million RMB equivalent and 70 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: 2,268 million RMB
                         equivalent, 1,602 million RMB equivalent and Nil).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                            245
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)    Debt securities issued (continued)
       As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBIC’s subsidiary was as follows:
                                                                                                            Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                          Term to      Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
       Debt type          maturity     issuance      interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                     (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond    36 months    2 June 2021   1.38              USD600             4,166                 –               19               69                 –            4,254
       Total                                                                              4,166                 –               19               69                 –            4,254

       Note:       Financial bond issued by Legend Fortune Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBIC, that was held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of 75
                   million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: 74 million RMB equivalent).




44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                            2023                              2022
       Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                                  20,845                            31,534
       Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                                     48,950                            45,500
       Continuing involvement liability                                                                                                   5,274                             5,274
       Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                  –                             2,902
       Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                                    665                               827
       Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                       7                                39
       Other payable                                                                                                                     37,454                            39,862
       Total                                                                                                                           113,195                           125,938

       Note:       Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ annual remunerations of which the payments are delayed for the
                   purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk management results, taking into
                   account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration of risk profiles and
                   profitability, the occurrence of legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant employees
                   will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.




45. Share capital
       By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                                            2023 and 2022
                                                                                                                                                             No. of shares
                                                                                                                                                                (in million)
          – A Shares                                                                                                                                                      20,629
          – H Shares                                                                                                                                                       4,591
       Total                                                                                                                                                              25,220

       All H Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.
                                                                                                                                               Capital
                                                                                                                            No. of shares                               Amount
                                                                                                                               (in million)
       At 31 December 2023 and 2022                                                                                                     25,220                            25,220
246   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      46. Other equity instruments
      (a)    Preference Shares
                                                     Issuance       Accounting           Dividend                                                                                 Conversion Con-
                                                     date           classification            rate         Issue price           No.       Amount        Due date                 conditions version
                                                                                                                         (millions of       (RMB in
                                                                                                                              shares)        million)
             Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))   22 Dec 2017    Equity instruments     3.62%       RMB100/Share             275          27,468      Perpetual existence      Note (ii)   None
             Total                                                                                                              275          27,468

             The changes of Preference Shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                             1 January 2023                             Increase/decrease                      31 December 2023
                                                                                                 No.          Amount                       No.          Amount                   No.          Amount
                                                                                         (millions of          (RMB in             (millions of          (RMB in         (millions of         (RMB in
                                                                   Issuance date              shares)           million)                shares)           million)            shares)         million)
             Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))                 22 Dec 2017                       275        27,468                          –                –                  275        27,468
             Total                                                                                   275        27,468                          –                –                  275        27,468

             Notes:

             (i)         Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued non-cumulative Domestic Preference Shares in
                         the aggregate nominal value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a nominal value of RMB100
                         and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.81% and subject to reset per agreement
                         subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%. On 18 December 2022, five years after the issuance of the Domestic Preference Shares, the Bank
                         adjusted the dividend rate per annum to 3.62% in accordance with market rules.

             (ii)        Domestic Preference Shares have clauses that state certain events would trigger mandatory conversion, those clauses are as follows:

                         (1)         Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                                     to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of Preference Shares, all or part
                                     of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal value of the Preference
                                     Shares in order to restore the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion, the
                                     Preference Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

                         (2)         Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of
                                     Preference Shares, all or part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal
                                     value of the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event refers the earlier of the following events: 1) NAFR having concluded
                                     that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable, and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that
                                     without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable.

                         Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the NAFR for review and determination. The Bank
                         shall fulfill the relevant information disclosure requirements of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s relevant laws and regulations
                         such as making provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

             Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid in cash. Save for such dividend at the agreed dividend rate, the holders of the above
             Preference Shares are not entitled to share the remaining profits of the Bank with the ordinary shareholders. Dividend is non-cumulative. The Bank has
             the right to cancel any dividend on Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed as a default. After the cancellation of all or part of the
             dividend to preference shareholders, the Bank shall not make any ordinary shares distribution, until the Preference Shares dividend is resumed in full.
             As the dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares are non-cumulative, the Bank will not distribute the dividends that were cancelled in prior years to
             Preference Shares holders.

             The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, after the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, subject to the satisfaction of the
             redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the NAFR, the Domestic Preference Shares may be redeemed in whole or in part at the
             discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem the Preference Shares. The holders of Preference Shares do not have the
             right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that Preference Shares will be redeemed.

             After deducting the issuance expenses from the Preference Shares above, the total net proceeds of RMB27,468 million have been included in additional
             Tier 1 capital of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                  247
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



46. Other equity instruments (continued)
(b)    Perpetual Bonds
                                           Issuance          Accounting             Interest                                                                            Conversion
                                           date              classification             rate      Issue price                 No.         Amount Due date               conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                (millions of units) (RMB in million)
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i)) 9 Jul 2020        Equity instruments       3.95% RMB100/Unit                    500             49,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii)) 7 Dec 2021       Equity instruments       3.69% RMB100/Unit                    430             42,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii)) 1 Dec 2023      Equity instruments       3.41% RMB100/Unit                    300             30,000 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Total                                                                                                             1,230            122,978

       The changes of Perpetual Bonds issued were as follows:
                                                                                   1 January 2023                                Increase                         31 December 2023
                                                                                          No.        Amount                       No.         Amount                     No.      Amount
                                                          Issuance                (millions of        (RMB in             (millions of         (RMB in           (millions of     (RMB in
                                                          date                           units)        million)                  units)         million)               units)     million)
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))                9 Jul 2020                      500          49,989                       –                –                    500       49,989
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))               7 Dec 2021                      430          42,989                       –                –                    430       42,989
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii))              1 Dec 2023                        –               –                     300           30,000                    300       30,000
       Total                                                                              930          92,978                     300           30,000                  1,230      122,978

       Notes:

       (i)        With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million of 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                  Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2020”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 9 July 2020. The
                  unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2020. In any coupon
                  rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2020 will continue to
                  be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

       (ii)       With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB43,000 million of 2021 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                  Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2021”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 7 December 2021. The unit
                  face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2021. In any coupon rate
                  adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2021 will continue to be
                  outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

       (iii)      With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB30,000 million of 2023 China Merchants Bank Co.,
                  Ltd. Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2023, together with Perpetual Bonds 2020 and Perpetual Bonds 2021,
                  Perpetual Bonds”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 1 December 2023. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted
                  period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2023. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual
                  Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2023 will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to
                  operate.

       From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole or in part the Perpetual Bonds on the
       annual interest payment date (including the interest payment date on the fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the NAFR and the
       satisfaction of the redemption preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Perpetual Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result of an
       unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has the right to redeem the whole but not part of the Perpetual Bonds.
       The investors do not have the right to sell back the Perpetual Bonds to the Bank.

       The claims in respect of the Perpetual Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior
       to the Perpetual Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of
       any other additional Tier-1 capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Perpetual Bonds.

       The coupon rate will be reset on each benchmark rate reset date (i.e. the date of every five years from the issuance date). The adjusted coupon rate
       will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus the fixed spread as determined at the time of issuance. The Perpetual
       Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the right to cancel, in whole or in part,
       distributions on the Perpetual Bonds and any such cancellation will not constitute an event of default. The bond interests are non-cumulative, and any
       cancelled distribution is not carried to the following year. The Bank will fully consider the interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank
       can use the cancelled bond interest for the current period at its discretion to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Perpetual
       Bonds, no matter in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shares.
248   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      46. Other equity instruments (continued)
      (b)    Perpetual Bonds (continued)
             Notes: (continued)

             Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write off in whole or in part, without the need for the consent of the
             bond holders, the principal amount of the Perpetual Bonds. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier of the following events: (i) NAFR having
             concluded that without a write-off, the Bank would become non-viable; (ii) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector
             injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable. The write-off will not be restored.

             After deducting the issuance expenses, the funds raised by the bonds issuances have been used to supplement additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank in
             accordance with applicable laws and the approval of the relevant authorities.




      (c)    Relative Information Attributed to Equity Instrument Holders
                                                                                                                               2023                        2022
             Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                                              1,076,370                      945,503
               – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                   925,924                      825,057
               – Equity attributed to other equity instrument holders of the Bank                                         150,446                      120,446
                 Including: Net profit                                                                                      4,558                        5,237
                             Total comprehensive income                                                                     4,558                        5,237
                             Distributions in current year                                                                 (4,558)                      (5,237)
                             Cumulative undistributed dividends                                                                 –                            –
             Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                                                 9,359                        8,735
               – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                                            6,521                        5,948
               – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of perpetual debt
                    capital (note 62(a))                                                                                      2,838                       2,787




      47. Capital reserve
             Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank.
                                                                                                                               2023                        2022
             At 1 January                                                                                                   65,435                       67,523
             Decrease                                                                                                           (3)                      (2,088)
             At 31 December                                                                                                 65,432                       65,435




      48. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                                                               2023                        2022
             Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: investment revaluation reserve                                            10,596                        9,319
             Fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI                                                      3,009                        2,606
             Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                                                            82                           78
             Share of other comprehensive expense of equity-accounted investees                                                (31)                        (233)
             Other                                                                                                               –                           45
             Total                                                                                                          13,656                       11,815




      49. Hedging reserve
             The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
             instruments used in cash flow hedges. Subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow is accounted for in
             accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   249
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



50. Surplus reserve
       Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
       Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
       audited profit after tax of the Bank.
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
       At 1 January                                                                            94,985                82,137
       Appropriation for the year                                                              13,752                12,848
       At 31 December                                                                        108,737                 94,985




51. General reserve
       The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
       allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. In principle, the
       balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. In addition, the general
       reserve includes 2.5% of the income of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also
       includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and
       regulations of their industry or region.
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
       At 1 January                                                                          132,471                115,288
       Appropriation for the year                                                              9,010                 17,183
       At 31 December                                                                        141,481                132,471




52. Profit appropriations
(a)    Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
       Ordinary share dividends in 2022, approved and declared:
         RMB1.738 per share                                                                    43,832                      –
       Ordinary share dividends in 2021, approved and declared:
         RMB1.522 per share                                                                          –               38,385



(b)    Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
       Statutory surplus reserve                                                               13,752                12,848
       General reserve                                                                          9,010                17,183
       Dividends
         – cash dividend: RMB1.972 per share (2022: RMB1.738 per share)                        49,734                43,832
       Total                                                                                   72,496                73,863

       2023 final dividends is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors
       held on 25 March 2024 and will be submitted to the 2023 Annual General Meeting for approval.



53. Exchange reserve
       Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
       of operations outside the Chinese mainland.
250   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s equity
                                                                                      2023        2022
             Assets
             Cash                                                                    14,499      14,787
             Precious metals                                                          2,245       2,251
             Balances with central banks                                            666,550     585,338
             Balances with banks and other financial institutions                    55,168      47,791
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                 261,190     247,973
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                   169,450     276,292
             Loans and advances to customers                                      5,916,313   5,482,692
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  465,708     369,391
             Derivative financial assets                                             18,014      17,859
             Debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,707,032   1,533,546
             Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income      783,051     675,484
             Equity investments designated at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                                                10,956      10,724
             Investments in subsidiaries                                            54,731      50,767
             Interests in joint ventures                                            15,111      13,341
             Interests in associates                                                 6,991       6,190
             Investment properties                                                     836         907
             Property and equipment                                                 26,690      26,541
             Right-of-use assets                                                    16,321      16,764
             Intangible assets                                                       1,720       2,422
             Deferred tax assets                                                    87,177      88,056
             Other assets                                                           37,470      41,440
             Total assets                                                        10,317,223   9,510,556
             Liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks                                           378,504     129,745
             Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                   484,620     621,621
             Placements from banks and other financial institutions                  71,077      57,489
             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              21,281      25,865
             Derivative financial liabilities                                        16,653      18,207
             Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                               114,008      95,970
             Deposits from customers                                              7,953,958   7,327,974
             Salaries and welfare payable                                            23,911      19,136
             Tax payable                                                             11,904      17,221
             Contract liabilities                                                     5,466       6,653
             Lease liabilities                                                       12,039      12,285
             Provisions                                                              19,530      22,410
             Debt securities issued                                                 107,858     172,402
             Other liabilities                                                       89,220      96,680
             Total liabilities                                                    9,310,029   8,623,658
             Equity
             Share capital                                                          25,220      25,220
             Other equity instruments                                              150,446     120,446
             Capital reserve                                                        76,079      76,082
             Investment revaluation reserve                                         14,354      13,144
             Hedging reserve                                                            11           –
             Surplus reserve                                                       108,737      94,985
             General reserve                                                       129,085     121,230
             Retained earnings                                                     453,168     391,579
             Proposed profit appropriation                                          49,734      43,832
             Exchange reserve                                                          360         380
             Total equity                                                         1,007,194    886,898
             Total equity and liabilities                                        10,317,223   9,510,556
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                             251
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s equity (continued)
                                                                    Other equity
                                                                    instruments
                                                                                           Investment                                       Proposed
                                                        Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                       capital    shares    bonds reserve      reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve                                     Total
       At 1 January 2023                               25,220      27,468         92,978        76,082        13,144           –   94,985 121,230 391,579                43,832       380 886,898
       Changes in equity for the year                        –           –        30,000            (3)        1,210          11   13,752    7,855       61,589           5,902        (20) 120,296
       Net profit for the year                               –           –              –            –             –           –        –         – 137,521                      –       – 137,521
       Other comprehensive income for the year               –           –              –            –         1,177          11        –         –       –                      –     (20) 1,168
       Total comprehensive income for the year               –           –              –            –         1,177          11        –         – 137,521                      –     (20) 138,689
       Issue of perpetual bonds                              –           –        30,000            (3)            –           –        –        –       –                    –             – 29,997
       Profit appropriations                                 –           –             –             –             –           –   13,752    7,855 (75,899)               5,902             – (48,390)
          Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve         –           –             –             –             –           –   13,752        – (13,752)                   –             –       –
          Appropriation to general reserve                   –           –             –             –             –           –        –    7,855 (7,855)                    –             –       –
          Dividends paid for the year 2022                   –           –             –             –             –           –        –        –       –              (43,832)            – (43,832)
          Proposed dividends for the year 2023               –           –             –             –             –           –        –        – (49,734)              49,734             –       –
          Dividends to preference shares                     –           –             –             –             –           –        –        –    (996)                   –             –    (996)
          Distribution to perpetual bonds                    –           –             –             –             –           –        –        – (3,562)                    –             – (3,562)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of
          equity instruments designated at FVTOCI            –           –              –            –            33           –        –         –         (33)                 –          –         –
       At 31 December 2023                             25,220      27,468        122,978        76,079        14,354          11 108,737 129,085 453,168                 49,734       360 1,007,194

                                                                       Other equity
                                                                       instruments
                                                                                                              Investment                                               Proposed
                                                         Share    Preference      Perpetual        Capital    revaluation     Surplus   General   Retained                profit Exchange
                                                        capital       shares         bonds         reserve        reserve     reserve   reserve   earnings         appropriation reserve           Total
       At 1 January 2022                               25,220        34,065           92,978       76,681        14,866       82,137    105,941       340,271           38,385       144        810,688
       Changes in equity for the year                        –       (6,597)                –        (599)        (1,722)     12,848     15,289        51,308            5,447       236         76,210
       Net profit for the year                               –               –              –             –            –           –          –       128,484                –         –        128,484
       Other comprehensive income for the year               –               –              –             –       (1,692)          –          –             –                –       236         (1,456)
       Total comprehensive income for the year               –               –              –             –       (1,692)          –          –       128,484                –       236        127,028
       Redemption of preference shares                       –       (6,597)                –        (599)               –         –          –             –                –          –        (7,196)
       Profit appropriations                                 –            –                 –           –                –    12,848     15,289       (77,206)           5,447          –       (43,622)
         Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve          –            –                 –           –                –    12,848          –       (12,848)               –          –             –
         Appropriation to general reserve                    –            –                 –           –                –         –     15,289       (15,289)               –          –             –
         Dividends paid for the year 2021                    –            –                 –           –                –         –          –             –          (38,385)         –       (38,385)
         Proposed dividends for the year 2022                –            –                 –           –                –         –          –       (43,832)          43,832          –             –
         Dividends to preference shares                      –            –                 –           –                –         –          –        (1,675)               –          –        (1,675)
         Distribution to perpetual bonds                     –            –                 –           –                –         –          –        (3,562)               –          –        (3,562)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of
         equity instruments designated at FVTOCI             –               –              –             –            (30)        –          –            30                –          –             –
       At 31 December 2022                             25,220        27,468           92,978       76,082        13,144       94,985    121,230       391,579           43,832       380        886,898
252   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement
      (a)    Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
             original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                      2023                         2022
             Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                 140,809                        66,055
             Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                   84,593                        81,928
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                               105,953                        93,704
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                 171,542                       275,051
             Debt securities investments and discounted bills                                                                      96,122                        50,460
             Total                                                                                                                599,019                       567,198



      (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
             changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
             consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.
                                                      Negotiable      Certificates          Debt
                                                       interbank       of deposit      securities         Interest                    Other
                                                      certificates         issued         issued          payable     Dividend     financial         Lease
                                                       of deposit          (Note)         (Note)         on bonds      payable    liabilities    liabilities        Total
             At 1 January 2023                             65,719          15,987       148,674             1,533           26       22,719         13,013       267,671
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                     68,608          66,504         25,201                 –           –       17,303              –       177,616
               Repayment                                 (112,584)        (48,267)       (51,146)                –           –       (7,210)        (5,053)     (224,260)
               Interest/dividend paid                      (2,086)              –              –            (5,396)    (48,860)           –              –       (56,342)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –              –                –            –             –         4,235         4,235
               Accrued interest                                 –               –              –            5,677            –             –           480         6,157
               Dividend declared                                –               –              –                –       48,860             –             –        48,860
               Discount or premium amortisation             1,786             265             53                –            –             –             –         2,104
               Fair value adjustments                           –               3            191                –            –          (236)            –           (42)
               Exchange difference                              –            (152)         1,399                –            –            40             –         1,287
             At 31 December 2023                           21,443          34,340       124,372             1,814           26       32,616         12,675       227,286

                                                       Negotiable     Certificates           Debt
                                                        interbank      of deposit       securities         Interest                    Other
                                                       certificates        issued          issued         payable     Dividend     financial          Lease
                                                        of deposit         (Note)          (Note)        on bonds      payable     liabilities    liabilities       Total
             At 1 January 2022                            240,284          11,092       201,142             2,104           26       26,650         13,812       495,110
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                     78,666          20,287         21,481                 –           –       10,796              –        131,230
               Repayment                                 (250,996)        (16,504)       (78,735)                –           –      (14,959)        (4,932)      (366,126)
               Interest/dividend paid                      (5,714)              –              –            (6,686)    (44,103)           –              –        (56,503)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –              –                –            –             –         3,623         3,623
               Accrued interest                                 –               –              –            6,115            –             –           510         6,625
               Dividend declared                                –               –              –                –       44,103             –             –        44,103
               Discount or premium amortisation             3,479              31             37                –            –             –             –         3,547
               Fair value adjustments                           –             (26)          (544)               –            –            (9)            –          (579)
               Exchange difference                              –           1,107          5,293                –            –           241             –         6,641
             At 31 December 2022                           65,719          15,987       148,674             1,533           26       22,719         13,013       267,671

             Note:    Including financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss.




      (c)    Significant non-cash transactions
             There were no significant non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   253
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



56. Operating segments
       The Group’s principal activities are providing corporate and personal banking services, conducting treasury business,
       providing asset management and other financial services.
       The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by both business lines and geography.



(1)    Wholesale finance business
       The financial services for corporate clients, government agencies, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
       service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
       inter-bank business such as placement and repurchase, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
       services.



(2)    Retail finance business
       The financial services provided to retail customers include: loan and deposit service, bank card service, wealth
       management services, private banking and other services.



(3)    Other Business
       Other business covers investment properties, subsidiaries except for CMB WLB and CMBFL, associates and joint
       ventures. None of these segments meet any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segment division.
       For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
       income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
       expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
       account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
       costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
       The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies as stated in Note
       4. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment transactions are
       offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2023 and 2022. Internal transactions are
       conducted at fair value.
254   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)    Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                         Wholesale
                                                                      finance business          Retail finance business              Other business                         Total
                                                                       2023           2022            2023            2022            2023             2022          2023               2022
             External net interest income                            23,074          28,165      129,075           140,443           62,520          49,627       214,669            218,235
             Internal net interest income/(expense)                  60,952          62,294        7,679            (9,054)         (68,631)        (53,240)            –                  –
             Net interest income                                     84,026          90,459      136,754           131,389           (6,111)         (3,613)      214,669            218,235
             Net fee and commission income                           16,710          25,540          56,419         57,279          10,979           11,456        84,108             94,275
             Other net income                                        33,889          26,095           1,142          2,747           2,794              863        37,825             29,705
             Operating income                                       134,625         142,094      194,315           191,415            7,662           8,706       336,602            342,215
             Operating expenses
              – Property and equipment and investment
                   properties depreciation                           (7,798)         (7,103)       (2,771)          (2,942)            (439)           (234)      (11,008)           (10,279)
              – Right-of-use assets depreciation                     (1,610)         (1,676)       (2,312)          (2,250)            (283)           (225)       (4,205)            (4,151)
              – Other                                               (41,812)        (43,495)      (58,860)         (58,079)          (5,106)         (6,057)     (105,778)          (107,631)
             Reportable segment profit before
               impairment losses                                     83,405          89,820      130,372           128,144            1,834           2,190       215,611            220,154
             Expected credit losses and impairment
               losses on other assets                               (10,640)        (22,671)      (30,459)         (33,966)            (370)           (929)       (41,469)          (57,566)
             Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            –               –             –                –            2,476           2,525          2,476             2,525
             Reportable segment profit before taxation               72,765          67,149          99,913         94,178            3,940           3,786       176,618            165,113
             Capital expenditure (note)                              26,630          28,884           2,809           2,660               702           513        30,141             32,057

                                                       Wholesale finance business        Retail finance business                  Other business                        Total
                                                      31 December    31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December              31 December 31 December           31 December
                                                             2023           2022        2023                  2022        2023                     2022        2023                  2022
             Reportable segment assets                  6,236,513       5,633,640        3,358,721        3,081,290           1,325,116         1,314,820      10,920,350       10,029,750
             Of which: Interest in associates and
               joint ventures                                   –               –                –                –             26,590            23,844           26,590              23,844
             Reportable segment liabilities             5,671,256       5,495,463        3,562,087        3,157,321            628,708           446,949        9,862,051           9,099,733

             Note:      Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring segment assets which are expected to be used for more than one year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                         255
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



56. Operating segments (continued)
(b)    Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
       and other material items
                                                                            2023               2022
       Operating income for reportable segments                           336,602            342,215
       Total profit before income tax for reportable segments             176,618            165,113

                                                                 31 December 2023   31 December 2022
       Assets
       Total assets for reportable segments                            10,920,350         10,029,750
       Goodwill                                                             9,954              9,999
       Intangible assets                                                      550                581
       Deferred tax assets                                                 90,557             90,848
       Other unallocated assets                                             7,072              7,734
       Consolidated total assets                                       11,028,483         10,138,912
       Liabilities
       Total liabilities for reportable segments                        9,862,051          9,099,733
       Tax payable                                                         13,597             19,458
       Deferred tax liabilities                                             1,607              1,510
       Other unallocated liabilities                                       65,499             63,973
       Consolidated total liabilities                                   9,942,754          9,184,674
256   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)    Geographical segments
             The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
             municipalities directly under the central government in the Chinese mainland. The Group also has branches
             operating in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney, subsidiaries operating in Hong
             Kong, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing and Luxembourg and representative offices in New York and Taipei.
             In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
             location of the branches and subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
             allocated based on the location of the underlying assets.
             To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
             –          “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter, credit card centres and fund operation centres;

             –          “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                        province;
             –          “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality, Shandong province and
                        Hebei province;
             –          “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

             –          “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

             –          “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                        Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
             –          “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                        province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                        region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                        autonomous region;
             –          “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                        and representative offices in New York and Taipei; and
             –          “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB, CMBIC,
                        CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A. and CIGNA & CMAM.
                                                              Total assets               Total liabilities          Non-current assets        Profit before tax    Operating income
                                                       31 December     31 December 31 December      31 December 31 December    31 December
             Geographical information                         2023            2022        2023             2022        2023           2022      2023        2022     2023      2022
             Headquarter                                 4,985,615       4,580,315    4,107,566         3,841,548    54,625          52,166    77,737     51,396   135,401   140,083
             Yangtze River Delta region                  1,417,890       1,304,806    1,404,463         1,283,400     5,995           5,774    21,578     22,939    45,485    45,768
             Bohai Rim region                              916,860         827,394      902,114           811,449     4,187           4,354    18,801     19,759    33,583    34,105
             Pearl River Delta and West Coast region     1,166,744       1,083,521    1,156,219         1,063,334     4,125           4,232    18,491     26,479    34,947    37,583
             Northeast region                              168,687         170,632      166,551           166,486     1,440           1,505     2,808      4,075     6,444     6,485
             Central region                                676,618         636,801      670,811           628,361     3,299           3,602     9,358     10,740    19,953    20,989
             Western region                                681,255         632,766      674,635           623,631     3,051           3,497     8,554     11,755    20,579    20,931
             Overseas                                      213,303         194,412      217,502           193,651       618             707     2,438      2,046     4,474     3,557
             Subsidiaries                                  801,511         708,265      642,893           572,814    95,462          80,148    16,853     15,924    35,736    32,714
             Total                                      11,028,483      10,138,912    9,942,754         9,184,674   172,802         155,985   176,618    165,113   336,602   342,215

             Note:      Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
                        assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              257
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



57. Assets pledged as security
       The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks and liabilities under
       repurchase or placement arrangements:
                                                                                               2023               2022
       Borrowing from central banks                                                          377,189           129,438
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                  9,099             8,620
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                              134,863           107,024
       Total                                                                                 521,151           245,082
       Assets pledged
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              98,223            24,093
         – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                333,718            99,199
         – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                  41,743            25,267
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                   130,616           105,531
       Total                                                                                 604,300           254,090

       The transactions under repurchase or placement agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and
       customary to standard borrowing and placing activities.



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
(a)    Credit commitments
       At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
       approved loans and credit card limits.
       The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
       parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
       expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
       The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
       The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amounts reflected
       in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
       the end of the reporting period if counterparties default.
                                                                                        2023
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                   – Stage 1   ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                  (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                        ECL)   impaired)        impaired)         Total
       Irrevocable guarantees                                       320,170        3,940               278      324,388
       Of which: Financial guarantees                                44,570        1,104                 3       45,677
                   Non-financing letters of guarantees              275,600        2,836               275      278,711
       Irrevocable letters of credit                                227,114        1,505                 –      228,619
       Bills of acceptances                                         485,393        2,294               500      488,187
       Irrevocable loan commitments                                 171,198        2,285                95      173,578
          – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      23,559            1                 –       23,560
          – with an original maturity over 1 year                   147,639        2,284                95      150,018
       Credit card unused commitments                             1,509,253        6,400                21    1,515,674
       Other                                                         87,367          156                 –       87,523
       Total                                                      2,800,495       16,580               894    2,817,969
258   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (a)    Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                                2022
                                                                                       – Stage 2
                                                                                        (Lifetime         – Stage 3
                                                                         – Stage 1     ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                                        (12-month          credit-     ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)     impaired)          impaired)        Total
             Irrevocable guarantees                                       245,003          9,818                272      255,093
             Of which: Financial guarantees                                44,805          7,341                  3       52,149
                         Non-financing letters of guarantees              200,198          2,477                269      202,944
             Irrevocable letters of credit                                231,849          1,344                  –      233,193
             Bills of acceptances                                         427,150          3,733                500      431,383
             Irrevocable loan commitments                                 155,775          1,607                  –      157,382
                – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      22,638              4                  –       22,642
                – with an original maturity over 1 year                   133,137          1,603                  –      134,740
             Credit card unused commitments                             1,406,911          9,613                 85    1,416,609
             Other                                                         81,225            245                  –       81,470
             Total                                                      2,547,913        26,360                 857    2,575,130

             As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit included sight letters of credit of RMB22,254
             million (31 December 2022: RMB22,525 million), usance letters of credit of RMB9,361 million (31 December 2022:
             RMB6,965 million), and other commitments of RMB197,004 million (31 December 2021: RMB203,703 million).
             Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
             and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
             Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB5,878,801 million at 31
             December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB5,159,127 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
             or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
             lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
             result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                        2023               2022
             Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                  650,343            595,977

             The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitments in accordance
             with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued by the
             former CBIRC. The amount within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the
             Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is used for those items that are not eligible for the
             Internal Ratings-Based Approach.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               259
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(b)    Capital commitments
       The authorised capital commitments of the Group were as follows:
                                                                                             2023                  2022
       Contracted for                                                                          219                  370
       Authorised but not contracted for                                                       191                  189
       Total                                                                                   410                  559

       The lease commitments of the Group as a lessor are detailed in note 58(e).



(c)    Outstanding litigations
       At 31 December 2023, the Bank or other group entities was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with total
       gross claims of RMB3,205 million (2022: RMB1,910 million). The Group considers that no material losses would be
       incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has been made in the
       consolidated financial statements.



(d)    Redemption obligations
       As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
       holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before
       their maturity date is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date.
       Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant requirements set by the
       MOF or the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the
       redemption date.
       The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
       Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                             2023                  2022
       Redemption obligations                                                               29,144               27,401

       The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
       Group will not be material.



(e)    Lease commitments
       Operating lease commitments and financial lease commitments where the Group is a lessor at the end of the
       reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                             2023                  2022
       Operating lease commitments                                                          25,816               30,519
       Financial lease commitments                                                          12,859                8,025
       Total                                                                                38,675               38,544
260   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      59. Transactions on behalf of customers
      (a)    Entrusted lending business
             The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
             business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
             on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
             usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
             instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
             an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
             Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
             position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss as fee and commission income.
             At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                         2023              2022
             Entrusted loans                                                                        221,292             231,266
             Entrusted funds                                                                       (221,292)           (231,266)



      (b)    Wealth management services
             The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
             corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
             services are invested in investment products, including government bonds, policy bank bonds, short term corporate
             debt instruments and trust loans. The Group initiated the launch of wealth management products. The investment
             risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in these products. The Group does not
             consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission which represents the charges on
             customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
             The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
             recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
             management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
             At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated wealth management
             services were RMB2,403,038 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB2,552,408 million).



      (c)    Entrusted management of insurance funds
             The entrusted management of insurance funds mainly refers to the business that the Group carries out investment
             activities on funds entrusted by insurance companies according to the regulatory policies and the investment
             guidelines from insurance companies, and charges fees for providing such services.
             At the end of the reporting period, the balances of entrusted funds were as follows:
                                                                                                         2023              2022
             Entrusted management of insurance funds                                                144,963             108,868
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      261
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management
(a)    Credit risk
       Credit risk represents the potential losses that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
       obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
       industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
       same economic factors, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
       The Group designs its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify, evaluate
       and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed by the
       Board of Directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work process
       and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
       With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
       Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions, including each
       business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout the entire
       credit process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring. The Group has also
       further optimised the foundation related to the implementation of ECL measures during the year in accordance with
       the Implementation Rules on Expected Credit Loss Approach of Commercial Banks (Yin Bao Jian Gui [2022] No. 10).
       With respect to the credit risk management of wholesale financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
       guidelines, enhances the standards on credit acceptance and management requirements for corporate, interbank
       and institutional clients, and implements limits in key risk areas to improve the quality of credit exposure.
       With respect to credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group mainly relies on the credit assessment
       of applicants as the basis for loan approval, which takes into consideration the income level, credit history, and
       repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on borrowers’ repayment
       ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes overdue, the Group starts
       the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
       To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
       guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or risks mitigating measures. Collateral
       portfolio and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they remain sufficient for the given risks and be
       consistent with market practices.
       In respect of asset quality classification, the Group adopts a risk based asset quality classification methodology.
       Currently, the Group categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis to refine internal risk classification
       management (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
       The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved in
       loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application, post-
       lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
       Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers carry out the same business activities, locate in
       the same geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their
       obligations may be affected by the same economic factors. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the
       sensitivity of the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of
       credit risk, the Group has formulated a limit management policy to monitor and analyse its loan portfolio.
       Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are presented in Note 22.
262   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (i)     Internal credit risk rating
              The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The internal credit risk rating is based on the
              forecasted default risk, taking into consideration qualitative and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale
              business, such factors include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate, industry, etc. For customers of retail
              business, such factors include maturity, ageing, collateral ratio, etc.


      (ii)    Significant increase in credit risk
              As describe in Note 4(5), the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
              of default occurring on the financial instrument and other items at the reporting date with that at the date of initial
              recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the
              financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note 60(a)(i)), as well as internal early warning signal, the result
              of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are
              applicable to the current situation.
              For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions is met:
              the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating of
              the customer has been downgraded to certain level; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a certain
              level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group.
              For retail and credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following
              conditions is met: the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer
              or the debt has credit risk early warning signal; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the
              Group.
              A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
              capability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
              business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
              cash flow obligations.
              For loan commitment and financial guarantee, the date when the commitment becomes irrevocable is considered as
              the initial recognition date.
              The Group considers that a debt instrument is impaired and classified as stage 3 when the debt instrument is more
              than 90 days (inclusive) overdue or the 5-tier classification of this debt instrument is substandard, doubtful or loss
              (these three categories include debt instruments with more than 90 days (inclusive) overdue).


      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      263
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(iv)   Incorporation of forward-looking information
       The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
       to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by authoritative institutions
       and internal risk data without undue cost or effort for modelling. Apart from the common economic indicators
       such as Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), Producer Price Index and Broad Money
       Supply, various other categories of indicators such as industry index, interest and exchange rate, and survey index
       are also included. Based on statistical analysis and expert judgements, the Group sets up multiple forward-looking
       scenarios to predict macroeconomic indicators and risk parameters. The Group sets the forecasts issued by external
       authoritative institutions as the forecasts of economic indicators under the baseline scenario, with reference to
       the professionals of the Bank and the outputs of the models. For the forecasts of economic indicators under the
       remaining scenarios, the Group will refer to the actual historical data for analysis and forecast. Taking GDP (year-on-
       year growth rate) and CPI (month-on-month increase) as an example, the forecasts for the next year adopted by the
       Group for 2024 under the baseline scenario are 4.80% (2023: 4.80%) and 1.50% (2023: 2.80%) respectively.
       Combined with quantitative measurement and expert judgement, the Group sets the weighting of multiple scenarios
       based on the principle of taking the baseline scenario as the main and the other scenarios as supplement. The
       weight of the baseline scenario of the Group as at 31 December 2023 is the highest. According to the sensitivity
       test results of the Group, when the weighting of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the
       baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2023 will decrease by approximately 2.8%
       compared to the current result (at 31 December 2022: will decrease by approximately 3.1%). When the weighting
       of the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL
       amount at 31 December 2023 will increase by approximately 5.6% compared to the current result (at 31 December
       2022: will increase by approximately 5.2%).
       The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
       expected credit loss (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit loss (stage 2 and stage 3).


(v)    Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
       The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The models
       are divided based on shared risk characteristics, and the reference indicators include the 5-tier classification, business
       type and collateral type.


(vi)   Maximum exposure
       The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held or other credit
       enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial instruments as disclosed in the consolidated statement
       of financial position and the contract amount of the off balance sheet items disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December
       2023, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure was RMB13,537,727 million (31 December 2022:
       RMB12,440,947 million).
264   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (vii)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
               The carrying amount of loans and advances that were credit impaired and the terms had been renegotiated was
               RMB13,007 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB12,076 million).


      (viii)   Non-performing loans
               Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans,
               doubtful loans and loss loans. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had balance of non-performing loans of
               RMB61,579 million (31 December 2022: RMB58,004 million).


      (ix)     Credit quality of bond investments rating results
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of bond investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                     2023                     2022
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                              808                       398
               Impairment allowances                                                                                 (499)                     (243)
               Subtotal                                                                                               309                      155
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                             2,577,388                2,187,978
               AA+ to AA-                                                                                         65,894                   53,526
               A+ to A-                                                                                          132,191                  124,554
               Lower than A-                                                                                      27,220                   33,429
               Unrated                                                                                            41,184                   38,966
               Impairment allowances                                                                             (10,661)                  (5,958)
               Subtotal                                                                                        2,833,216                2,432,495
               Total                                                                                           2,833,525                2,432,650

               Notes:

               (i)      Bonds issued by the governments and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB2,448,279 million as at 31 December 2023 (31
                        December 2022: RMB2,094,902 million).

               (ii)     The impairment allowances above is for debt investments at amortised cost only.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               265
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(x)    Collateral
       An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
       overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                 2023               2022
       Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements
         held against following financial assets
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                    20,797              25,148



(xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                 – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)       impaired)           Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   5,217,868        156,240            58,004     5,432,112
       Net changes for the year                                    557,973        (27,551)           (1,288)      529,134
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                  30,084        (29,822)             (262)            –
         – Stage 2                                                 (94,405)        95,148              (743)            –
         – Stage 3                                                 (24,861)       (28,910)           53,771             –
       Write-offs                                                        –              –           (47,922)      (47,922)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         5,686,659        165,105            61,560     5,913,324

                                                                                         2022
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime         – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-     ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)          impaired)        Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   4,912,836        111,354            50,862     5,075,052
       Net changes for the year                                    425,054        (27,002)           (1,831)      396,221
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                  18,758        (18,644)              (114)           –
         – Stage 2                                                (103,532)       103,794               (262)           –
         – Stage 3                                                 (35,248)       (13,117)            48,365            –
       Write-offs                                                        –           (145)           (39,016)     (39,161)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         5,217,868        156,240            58,004     5,432,112
266   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
             Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                              2023
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,543,652         2,073           34,120    1,579,845
             Net changes for the year                                    195,645          (238)          (4,323)     191,084
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                       1             (1)              –            –
               – Stage 2                                                    (339)           339               –            –
               – Stage 3                                                       –           (655)            655            –
             Write-offs                                                      (14)            (1)         (2,904)      (2,919)
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,738,945         1,517           27,548    1,768,010

                                                                                              2022
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,183,320         1,962           24,077    1,209,359
             Net changes for the year                                    361,916          (275)           9,395      371,036
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                        3           (3)               –            –
               – Stage 2                                                   (1,276)       1,276                –            –
               – Stage 3                                                     (311)        (887)           1,198            –
             Write-offs                                                         –            –             (550)        (550)
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,543,652         2,073           34,120    1,579,845
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                  267
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(xii)   Credit quality of financial instruments
        The staging analysis for loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed in
        note 22, note 23(b) and note 60(a)(xi) respectively. The staging analysis for credit commitments and the expected
        credit loss allowances of financial guarantees and loan commitments are disclosed in notes 58(a) and 42 respectively.
        The staging analysis for other financial instruments is as follows:
                                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                      Principal                                          Expected credit loss
                                                                                 Stage 2                                                   Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime       Stage 3                                   (Lifetime       Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not      (Lifetime                       Stage 1    ECL – not      (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit- ECL – credit-                   (12-month         credit- ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)     impaired)          Total            ECL)    impaired)     impaired)        Total
        Balances with central banks                                667,569            –                 –    667,569               –            –                –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions       100,745            1                11    100,757            (211)          (1)             (11)     (223)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     286,046          201                 –    286,247            (518)          (1)               –      (519)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       172,568            –               140    172,708            (449)           –             (140)     (589)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 889,105          390               241    889,736          (5,586)        (132)          (1,094)   (6,812)

                                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                       Principal                                          Expected credit loss
                                                                                Stage 2                                                   Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime          Stage 3                                (Lifetime         Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not          (Lifetime                   Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-                (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)         impaired)      Total            ECL)    impaired)        impaired)     Total
        Balances with central banks                                587,533            –                 –    587,533               –            –                –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions        91,574            2                11     91,587            (497)          (1)             (11)     (509)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     265,415            –                 –    265,415          (2,658)           –                –    (2,658)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       277,421            –               140    277,561            (954)           –             (140)   (1,094)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 767,905        3,211               155    771,271          (4,472)        (479)          (1,589)   (6,540)

        Note:       The balances disclosed above do not include interest receivable.
268   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk
             Market risk refers to the risk of loss due to changes in observable market factors such as interest rates, exchange
             rates, commodity prices and stock prices, resulting in changes in the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s
             financial instruments. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors relevant to the
             Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading book and banking
             book. The financial instruments and positions under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
             purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments can be traded
             without any restriction. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group
             for determinable return with relative stable market value or for the purposes of hedging the risks, which include
             both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposure.


      (i)    Foreign exchange risk
             Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
             currency and foreign currency derivative positions, which expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
             unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in
             RMB, and the other currencies are mainly in USD and HKD. The Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
             supervision of foreign exchange risk management, and establishes a foreign currency risk management governance
             structure. This structure specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Board of
             Supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management
             of foreign exchange risk. The Group is prudent in its foreign exchange risk appetite, and would not voluntarily take
             foreign exchange risk, which suits the current development stage of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk
             management policies and procedures of the Group meet the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the
             Group.


            (1)     Trading book
                    The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which covers exchange
                    rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book to facilitate centralised management. The
                    structure, process and method of exchange rate risk management of trading book are consistent with that of
                    the interest rate risk of trading book.
                    The Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR,
                    covers interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test
                    loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index in its management of foreign exchange
                    risk. The management methods include delegation, setting limits, daily monitoring and continuous reporting,
                    etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                  269
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)     Banking book
              The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is centrally managed by the Head Office. The
              Asset and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book
              foreign exchange risk management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this. The
              treasurer is responsible for managing the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent
              approach and compliance with the regulatory requirements, and through approaches such as transaction
              limits and adjustment of plans.
              The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB financial
              assets and liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to control it within
              an acceptable range.
              The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
              for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses the
              foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly basis
              under the limit control framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
              exchange rate movements to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on its banking book.
              The Group continues to strengthen banking book exchange rate risk monitoring and authorisation
              management of limits to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
       (3)    Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                            2023
                                                                        In RMB Equivalent                            Main original currency
                                                       RMB          USD          HKD         Other          Total         USD           HKD
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                banks                               632,195      45,869         1,373         3,063      682,500         6,468         1,512
              Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions               425,397    116,308         3,919        12,757       558,381      16,400         4,316
              Loans and advances to customers      5,938,668    133,774       147,467        22,151     6,242,060      18,862       162,431
              Financial investments (including
                derivative financial assets)       2,883,787    244,690        40,754        13,652     3,182,883      34,502        44,888
              Other assets (note (i))                216,402    117,867        16,161        12,229       362,659      16,620        17,802
              Total                               10,096,449    658,508       209,674        63,852    11,028,483      92,852       230,949
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions             1,132,441    117,899         5,676         9,581     1,265,597      16,624         6,252
              Deposits from customers              7,562,175    384,719       154,568        53,976     8,155,438      54,247       170,253
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                (including derivative financial
                liabilities)                         52,624       8,368           206           203       61,401         1,180           227
              Debt securities issued                101,849      67,474         3,366         2,075      174,764         9,514         3,708
              Other liabilities (note (i))          258,062      18,858         7,103         1,531      285,554         2,658         7,824
              Total                                9,107,151    597,318       170,919        67,366     9,942,754      84,223       188,264
              Net position                          989,298      61,190        38,755        (3,514)    1,085,729        8,629       42,685
              Off-balance sheet position:
              Credit commitments (note (ii))       2,689,139     83,364        25,385        20,081     2,817,969      11,755        27,961
              Derivatives (nominal amounts):
                – forward purchased                  418,103     431,449       34,270        34,929       918,751       60,836        37,747
                – forward sold                      (386,228)   (440,704)     (13,642)      (22,002)     (862,576)     (62,141)      (15,026)
                – net currency option position       (76,687)     67,549          357        (4,250)      (13,031)       9,525           393
              Total                                  (44,812)    58,294        20,985         8,677       43,144         8,220       23,114
270   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (3)     Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                         In RMB Equivalent                                  Main original currency
                                                                  RMB             USD             HKD           Other            Total           USD             HKD
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                      banks                                   555,828          41,978            2,766          2,170        602,742            6,039           3,103
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                      financial institutions                  491,188         100,870           22,244         16,000        630,302          14,511          24,951
                    Loans and advances to customers         5,466,679         148,993          157,628         23,246      5,796,546          21,433         176,812
                    Financial investments (including
                      derivative financial assets)          2,534,659         188,200           31,130          9,233      2,763,222          27,073          34,920
                    Other assets (note (i))                   244,335          94,908            3,313          3,544        346,100          13,653           3,716
                    Total                                   9,292,689         574,949          217,081         54,193     10,138,912          82,709         243,502
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                      amounts due to banks and other
                      financial institutions                  982,369          95,258            3,961          5,507      1,087,095          13,704           4,443
                    Deposits from customers                 6,964,197         361,242          160,496         49,807      7,535,742          51,967         180,029
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      (including derivative financial
                      liabilities)                             52,044          15,280              421             35         67,780            2,197            473
                    Debt securities issued                    162,146          58,447              790            905        222,288            8,408            886
                    Other liabilities (note (i))              247,669          11,239           11,944            917        271,769            1,619         13,397
                    Total                                   8,408,425         541,466          177,612         57,171      9,184,674          77,895         199,228
                    Net position                              884,264          33,483           39,469         (2,978)       954,238            4,814         44,274
                    Off-balance sheet position:
                    Credit commitments (note (ii))          2,456,047          82,618           21,961         14,504      2,575,130          11,885          24,634
                    Derivatives (nominal amounts):
                      – forward purchased                     280,979         288,388           26,409         20,844         616,620          41,486          29,623
                      – forward sold                         (253,696)       (294,290)         (19,462)       (14,878)       (582,326)        (42,335)        (21,831)
                      – net currency option position           29,143         (32,690)             (10)            41          (3,516)         (4,703)            (11)
                    Total                                      56,426         (38,592)           6,937          6,007          30,778          (5,552)          7,781

                    Notes:

                    (i)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

                    (ii)     Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn down, therefore the above net position does not represent the future
                             cash outflows.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   271
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       (4)    Sensitivity analysis
              Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
              the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net profit and equity. The
              following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on the assets
              and liabilities of all foreign currencies involved at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.
                                                                          2023                             2022
              Change in foreign currency exchange rate        Down by 1%          Up by 1%      Down by 1%         Up by 1%
              (Decrease)/increase in net profit                        (101)            101             (64)              64
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                            (334)            334            (284)             284

              Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
              rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


(ii)   Interest rate risk
       Interest rate risk arises from unfavourable changes in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to
       the income and decline in market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


       (1)    Trading book
              According to the basic principles of risk management, the Group has built and continuously improved the
              market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
              measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, commodity
              and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
              Board of Directors, the Group manages the trading book by clearly identifying, accurately measuring and
              effectively managing the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an
              acceptable range and achieves a reasonable balance of risk and return. The Group constantly improves the
              risk-adjusted return level to maximise the shareholders’ value.
              The trading book market risk governance organisation structure defines the responsibilities, division of labour
              and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of
              Directors, senior management and relevant departments of the Bank, and safeguards the achievement of
              management objectives. The Market Risk Management Department is responsible for the Group’s trading
              book market risk, and undertakes the task of risk policy formulation and management.
272   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (1)    Trading book (continued)
                    According to the business practices and market risk governance organisation structure, the Group establishes
                    the trading book market risk limits management system. A top level limit is set based on the risk appetite
                    determined by the Board of Directors, and is transmitted from top to bottom level by level. Within the
                    scope of their authorisation, management departments at all levels allocate and set limits according to risk
                    characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business departments carry out the business
                    according to the authorisation and limits requirements, and the supervisory and administrative departments
                    at all levels continuously monitor and report according to the limits management regulations.
                    The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, stop loss index, sensitivity index, value at
                    risk index, stress test index and other risk measurement indices as the limits index, and sets the limit value
                    by comprehensively considering the risk appetite, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk return,
                    management conditions and other factors.
                    The Group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, stress test and other measurement
                    methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The Group applies the market
                    risk measurement model in its daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis for
                    business planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


             (2)    Banking book
                    According to the external regulatory requirements and the internal banking book interest rate risk
                    management policy, the Group has built and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk
                    management system, established the management process of interest rate risk identification, measurement,
                    monitoring, control and reporting, and covered all on- and off-balance sheet business of the Bank. The Group
                    clearly identifies, accurately measures and effectively manages the interest rate risk of the banking book
                    under the interest rate risk appetite of the banking book formulated by the Board of Directors to ensure that
                    the net interest income (NII) and the economic value of shareholders’ equity (EVE) increase steadily within the
                    acceptable range of the banking book risk.
                    The Group’s governance and management framework specifies the responsibilities, division of labor
                    and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
                    departments to ensure the effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest rate risk of the banking
                    book is managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department of the Head Office. Internal Audit
                    Department of the Head Office is responsible for independent audit.
                    The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is prudent. The Group
                    establishes a banking book interest rate risk limit management system based on the actual business and
                    the banking book interest rate risk governance structure. The quantitative index of risk appetite set by the
                    Board of Directors is the highest level limit, which is transmitted through the limit level from top to bottom
                    and level by level. Within the scope of their authorisation, all levels set limits and continuously monitor and
                    report according to risk tolerance, business operation strategy and risk management objectives. The Group
                    formulates interest rate risk management strategies and regularly tracks and reviews them based on risk
                    measurement and monitoring results and in combination with macroeconomic and interest rate environment.
                    The key measures for risk management of the Group include the adjustment in business volume, duration
                    structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and off-balance sheet
                    derivative to offset risk exposure.
                    The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis and duration analysis
                    for the regular measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress test is a form
                    of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in net interest income at risk and economic value of equity
                    indicators when there is an extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group measures and monitors the
                    interest rate risk of banking book through the asset-liability management system, and the main models and
                    parameter assumptions used in the measurement process are independently verified before being adopted
                    and are regularly reviewed and verified after being adopted. The various indicators of interest rate risk during
                    the reporting period showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the Bank was generally stable and
                    stay within the set limits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 273
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
              earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                     2023
                                                                3 months
                                                                   or less     Over 3                                  Non-
                                                                 (include      months    Over 1 year        Over    interest
                                                       Total    overdue)     to 1 year    to 5 years      5 years   bearing
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                banks                               682,500      658,781             –              –           –    23,719
              Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions              558,381      418,055      133,899          6,414          13          –
              Loans and advances to customers
                (note (i))                         6,242,060   2,497,757     3,076,798       605,016      62,489          –
              Financial investments (including
                derivative financial assets)       3,182,883     351,796      358,289       1,104,825   1,307,233    60,740
              Other assets (note (ii))               362,659           –            –               –           –   362,659
              Total assets                        11,028,483   3,926,389     3,568,986      1,716,255   1,369,735   447,118
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions             1,265,597   1,013,853       231,786         19,670        288          –
              Deposits from customers              8,155,438   5,450,058     1,300,112      1,373,425     28,172      3,671
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                (including derivative financial
                liabilities)                         61,401          588            –          5,321           –     55,492
              Lease liabilities                      12,675        1,032        2,804          7,757       1,082          –
              Debt securities issued                174,764       44,549       78,880         43,959       7,376          –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))         272,879          187            –          2,889           –    269,803
              Total liabilities                    9,942,754   6,510,267     1,613,582      1,453,021     36,918    328,966
              Asset-liability gap                  1,085,729   (2,583,878)   1,955,404       263,234    1,332,817   118,152
274   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
                    earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. (continued)
                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                 3 months
                                                                                     or less         Over 3                                              Non-
                                                                                   (include          months     Over 1 year             Over          interest
                                                                     Total        overdue)         to 1 year     to 5 years           5 years         bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                      banks                                       602,742         575,932                  –               –                 –        26,810
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                      financial institutions                      630,302         516,942           99,288           14,059                 13              –
                    Loans and advances to customers
                      (note (i))                                5,796,546       2,234,889        3,028,371          473,932           59,354                –
                    Financial investments (including
                      derivative financial assets)              2,763,222         217,442          356,451          975,413       1,164,031           49,885
                    Other assets (note (ii))                      346,100               –                –                –               –          346,100
                    Total assets                              10,138,912        3,545,205        3,484,110        1,463,404       1,223,398          422,795
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                      amounts due to banks and other
                      financial institutions                    1,087,095         931,481          143,285           10,501            1,828                –
                    Deposits from customers                     7,535,742       5,528,249          860,746        1,111,583           31,365            3,799
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      (including derivative financial
                      liabilities)                                 67,780                –           3,006            5,231               73          59,470
                    Lease liabilities                              13,013            1,094           3,091            7,650            1,178               –
                    Debt securities issued                        222,288           35,587          69,617           89,565           27,519               –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                 258,756              203               –            2,752                –         255,801
                    Total liabilities                           9,184,674       6,496,614        1,079,745        1,227,282           61,963         319,070
                    Asset-liability gap                           954,238      (2,951,409)       2,404,365          236,122       1,161,435          103,725

                    Notes:   (i)        For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2023
                                        and 31 December 2022 net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or
                                        part of the principals or interests were overdue.

                             (ii)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities”
                                        respectively.




             (4)    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
                    Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
                    sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.
                                                                                                2023                                    2022
                    Change in interest rates (in basis points)                        Up by 25         Down by 25              Up by 25          Down by 25
                    (Decrease)/increase in net interest income                           (4,118)               4,118              (4,412)              4,412
                    (Decrease)/increase in equity                                        (9,319)               9,477              (8,462)              8,586

                    The above-mentioned interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the changes in net interest income and equity
                    in the next 12 months under the assumption of changes in interest rates in the above table. As the actual
                    situation and assumptions may be different, the actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and
                    equity caused by the increase or decrease in interest rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity
                    analysis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     275
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
       manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet its maturity obligations, or to perform other payment
       obligations.
       According to the liquidity risk management policy, the Group segregates the policy setting, execution and supervision
       of liquidity risk management, and puts in place a governance framework which defines the roles, responsibilities and
       reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, senior management, designated committees and
       relevant departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors takes the
       ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensures the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor
       and control liquidity risk and is responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can tolerate. The Risk
       and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors shall perform its responsibilities in liquidity risk
       management according to the requirements of the Board of Directors. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for
       the supervision and evaluation of the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in the liquidity
       risk management and reports to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management is responsible for the
       liquidity risk management work and develops a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and reports the
       same to the Board of Directors. The Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO) exercises specific liquidity risk
       management functions as required by the senior management. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department
       of the Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO and responsible for various concrete management work
       including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative and
       quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Internal Audit Department of the Head Office conducts comprehensive
       audit on the Group’s liquidity risk management.
       The Group is prudent in managing its liquidity risk, which suits its current development stage. The Group’s existing
       liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and suit its own management needs.
       The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches acting in concert. The Asset
       and Liability Management Department acting as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of daily liquidity risk
       management. According to a prudent basis under regulatory requirements, the treasurer is conducting centralised
       liquidity management through limits management, budget control, initiative debt management as well as internal
       fund transfer pricing.
       The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as medium and long-term
       structures. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals.
       The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity risk resistance under extreme circumstances. Except
       for the annual stress testing required by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on
       the liquidity risk of local and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
       contingency drills to continuously improve its capability to handle any liquidity crisis.
276   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                               Over       Over
                                                                Repayable       Within   1 month to 3 months to    Over 1 year       Over
                                                               on demand      1 month      3 months      1 year     to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue        Total
             Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))      140,809         255          223        1,863              –           –     539,350          –     682,500
             Amounts due from banks and other financial
               institutions                                        64,142     301,382       51,889       133,647        7,308           13           –          –      558,381
             Loans and advances to customers                       38,971     583,687      497,465     1,520,502    1,843,531    1,734,232           –     23,672    6,242,060
             Financial investments and derivative financial
               assets (note (ii))                                   2,756     182,087      149,778      360,604     1,158,573    1,298,096      28,673      2,316    3,182,883
               – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
                    derivative financial assets)                    2,756     138,053       59,690      140,317       159,012       36,026       9,024          –      544,878
               – Debt investments at amortised cost                     –      29,336       41,940       96,841       554,608    1,003,589           –      2,306    1,728,620
               – Debt investments at FVTOCI                             –      14,698       48,148      123,446       444,953      258,481           –         10      889,736
               – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                –           –            –            –             –            –      19,649          –       19,649
             Other assets (note (iii))                             33,120      11,473       15,382       21,518        15,266        5,155     256,260      4,485      362,659
             Total assets                                         279,798    1,078,884     714,737     2,038,134    3,024,678    3,037,496     824,283     30,473   11,028,483
             Borrowing from central banks and amounts
               due to banks and other financial institutions      449,682     366,937      157,079       243,626       41,428       6,845            –          –    1,265,597
             Deposits from customers                            4,474,297     432,094      542,828     1,301,368    1,375,860      28,991            –          –    8,155,438
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
               derivative financial liabilities)                    8,577       7,753        4,731        8,601        12,077      19,662            –          –      61,401
             Lease liabilities                                          –         454          578        2,804         7,757       1,082            –          –      12,675
             Debt securities issued                                     –       9,901       25,288       82,023        50,176       7,376            –          –     174,764
             Other liabilities (note (iii))                       145,327      31,190       18,236       45,907        31,803         416            –          –     272,879
             Total liabilities                                  5,077,883     848,329      748,740     1,684,329    1,519,101      64,372            –          –    9,942,754
             (Short)/long position                             (4,798,085)    230,555       (34,003)    353,805     1,505,577    2,973,124     824,283     30,473    1,085,729
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                             277
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                                2022
                                                                                        Over         Over
                                                          Repayable      Within   1 month to   3 months to   Over 1 year       Over
                                                         on demand     1 month      3 months        1 year    to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue        Total
       Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))      66,055           –             –        1,201              –           –    535,486           –     602,742
       Amounts due from banks and other financial
         institutions                                       62,456     368,901       84,572        99,288        15,072           13           –          –      630,302
       Loans and advances to customers                      26,008     499,842      399,192     1,514,348     1,626,514    1,706,378           –     24,264    5,796,546
       Financial investments and derivative financial
         assets (note (ii))                                  4,213      99,154      105,394       372,002       995,867    1,166,665     19,139        788     2,763,222
         – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
              derivative financial assets)                   4,213      79,576       42,022        99,531       158,992      52,081       5,723           –      442,138
         – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –      13,554       35,043       133,748       449,002     904,281           –         769    1,536,397
         – Debt investments at FVTOCI                            –       6,024       28,329       138,723       387,873     210,303           –          19      771,271
         – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI               –           –            –             –             –           –      13,416           –       13,416
       Other assets (note (iii))                            36,461      10,932       15,526        18,475        15,859       5,798     238,895       4,154      346,100
       Total assets                                        195,193     978,829      604,684     2,005,314     2,653,312    2,878,854    793,520      29,206   10,138,912
       Borrowing from central banks and amounts
         due to banks and other financial institutions     515,446     269,349      125,671       149,389        20,817       6,423            –          –    1,087,095
       Deposits from customers                           4,746,035     384,557      393,284       861,631     1,115,153      35,082            –          –    7,535,742
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
         derivative financial liabilities)                  12,950       7,416        4,271        11,555        11,457      20,131            –          –      67,780
       Lease liabilities                                         –         503          591         3,091         7,650       1,178            –          –      13,013
       Debt securities issued                                    –       3,939       27,886        73,379        89,565      27,519            –          –     222,288
       Other liabilities (note (iii))                      159,820      26,774       19,358        23,694        28,868         242            –          –     258,756
       Total liabilities                                 5,434,251     692,538      571,061     1,122,739     1,273,510      90,575            –          –    9,184,674
       (Short)/long position                             (5,239,058)   286,291       33,623       882,575     1,379,802    2,788,279    793,520      29,206     954,238

       Notes:

       (i)         For cash and balances with central banks, the amounts with indefinite maturities represent statutory deposit reserve and fiscal deposit
                   balances.

       (ii)        For financial investments at FVTPL included in financial investments, their maturity dates do not represent the Group’s intention to hold them
                   to maturity.

       (iii)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
278   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
             assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, and loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period.
             The Group’s actual cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                          Over          Over         Over
                                                    Carrying               Repayable       Within   1 month to      3 months        1 year       Over
                                                     amount         Total on demand      1 month      3 months      to 1 year   to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
             Non-derivative financial assets
             Cash and balances with central
               banks                                682,500      682,500     140,809         255          223          1,863            –            –     539,350          –
             Amounts due from banks and other
               financial institutions                558,381      562,870     64,150     301,674        52,393        136,751       7,889           13           –          –
             Loans and advances to customers       6,242,060    7,530,562     38,971     602,390       539,585      1,708,061   2,267,026    2,350,857           –     23,672
             Financial investments                 3,164,150    3,758,609      2,676     184,830       159,063        408,936   1,373,493    1,598,622      28,673      2,316
               – Financial investments at FVTPL      526,145      530,575      2,676     134,391        56,151        134,875     156,588       36,870       9,024          –
               – Debt investments at amortised
                    cost                           1,728,620    2,155,149           –     33,629        50,472       133,924      712,112    1,222,706           –      2,306
               – Debt investments at FVTOCI          889,736    1,053,236           –     16,810        52,440       140,137      504,793      339,046           –         10
               – Equity investments designated
                    at FVTOCI                        19,649       19,649           –           –             –             –            –           –       19,649          –
             Other assets                            90,873       90,873      31,314      11,445        15,314        20,884        1,975         427        5,029      4,485
             Total                                10,737,964   12,625,414    277,920    1,100,594      766,578      2,276,495   3,650,383    3,949,919     573,052     30,473

                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                          Over          Over         Over
                                                    Carrying               Repayable       Within   1 month to      3 months        1 year       Over
                                                     amount         Total on demand      1 month      3 months      to 1 year   to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
               and lease liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks and
               amounts due to banks and other
               financial institutions             1,265,597     1,300,017     449,843    375,736       168,105        251,248      47,192       7,893            –          –
             Deposits from customers              8,155,438     8,434,777   4,559,684    434,432       554,142      1,360,396   1,496,187      29,936            –          –
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL          43,958        44,074       8,566      4,696         1,053          2,996       7,146      19,617            –          –
             Lease liabilities                       12,675        13,664           –        457           586          2,880       8,461       1,280            –          –
             Debt securities issued                 174,764       182,443           –     10,401        26,108         84,324      53,672       7,938            –          –
             Other liabilities                      175,135       175,135      50,536     30,287        18,080         44,377      31,439         416            –          –
             Total                                 9,827,567   10,150,110   5,068,629    856,009       768,074      1,746,221   1,644,097      67,080            –          –
             Gross loan commitments                        –    1,689,252   1,689,252           –            –              –           –            –           –          –
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                            279
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                   Over           Over         Over
                                             Carrying                 Repayable     Within   1 month to       3 months        1 year       Over
                                             amount          Total   on demand    1 month      3 months       to 1 year   to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
       Non-derivative financial assets
       Cash and balances with central
         banks                               602,742      602,742       66,055          –              –         1,201            –            –    535,486           –
       Amounts due from banks and other
         financial institutions               630,302      631,756      62,467    369,164        85,088          99,900      15,124           13          –           –
       Loans and advances to customers      5,796,546    7,132,934      26,024    516,746       433,106       1,694,961   2,071,922    2,365,750          –      24,425
       Financial investments                2,744,551    3,251,681       4,102    101,509       112,634         415,839   1,184,020    1,413,650     19,139         788
         – Financial investments at FVTPL     423,467      439,231       4,102     76,314        38,048          96,166     161,826       57,052      5,723           –
         – Debt investments at amortised
              cost                          1,536,397    1,919,576            –    17,387        42,650        166,559     588,262     1,103,949           –       769
         – Debt investments at FVTOCI         771,271      879,458            –     7,808        31,936        153,114     433,932       252,649           –        19
         – Equity investments designated
              at FVTOCI                       13,416       13,416            –          –             –              –            –           –      13,416           –
       Other assets                           88,792       88,792       35,078     10,381        15,434         17,310        1,534         605       4,296       4,154
       Total                                9,862,933   11,707,905     193,726    997,800       646,262       2,229,211   3,272,600    3,780,018    558,921      29,367

                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                    Over          Over         Over
                                             Carrying                 Repayable     Within       1 month      3 months        1 year       Over
                                             amount          Total   on demand    1 month    to 3 months      to 1 year   to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
       Non-derivative financial liabilities
         and lease liabilities
       Borrowing from central banks and
         amounts due to banks and other
         financial institutions             1,087,095    1,098,720     515,448    270,368       127,266        152,122       26,391       7,125            –          –
       Deposits from customers              7,535,742    7,794,971   4,847,726    389,687       403,223        894,832    1,223,242      36,261            –          –
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL          49,144       49,336      12,085      4,390           227          4,626        7,988      20,020            –          –
       Lease liabilities                       13,013       14,292           –        505           599          3,328        8,386       1,474            –          –
       Debt securities issued                 222,288      235,656           –      4,480        28,783         76,447       96,703      29,243            –          –
       Other liabilities                      162,436      162,436      62,796     27,724        11,623         28,897       31,154         242            –          –
       Total                                9,069,718    9,355,411   5,438,055    697,154       571,721       1,160,252   1,393,864      94,365            –          –
       Gross loan commitments                       –    1,573,991   1,573,991          –              –              –           –            –           –          –

       Note:      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
280   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (d)    Operational risk
             Operational risk arises from the loss due to deficiency in internal procedures, staffing or IT structure, as well as
             external events which have effect on operation, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputation risk.
             During the reporting period, through stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in
             key areas, and by focusing on process, policy, employee system, and existing problems of critical control segments,
             the Group further improves the risk management method, appraisal and assessment mechanism, and strengthens
             economic capital allocation mechanism with the goal of enhancing the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
             management of the Group. All major indexes meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.
             In view of the challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
             appetite, continue to upgrade its risk management capabilities and strengthen operational risk monitoring and
             controls, in order to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



      (e)    Capital management
             The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
             –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
                    requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion,
                    social responsibility and strategic planning implementation to achieve a comprehensive, coordinated and
                    sustainable growth;
             –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
                    disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
                    entire group;
             –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various risk-
                    specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application regimes,
                    strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate customer
                    pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
             –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
                    structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns for shareholders.
             The Group manages its capital structure and adjusts it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
             of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
             issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
             debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under the approaches stipulated by
             regulators. The Group and the Bank submit required information to the NAFR every quarter.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   281
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(e)    Capital management (continued)
       The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
       calculation covers all branches of the Bank. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
       capital adequacy ratio calculation included: CMB WLB, CMBIC, CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB
       Europe S.A.
       Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the former CBIRC’s
       Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations. On 18
       April 2014, former CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the Advanced Measurement Approach. Within the approved
       scope, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the Foundation Internal
       Ratings-Based Approach, retail risk exposure using the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based Approach, market risk using
       the Internal Model-Based Approach, and operational risk using the Standardised Measurement Approach. At the
       same time, former CBIRC implemented a transition period for commercial banks that were approved to adopt the
       Advanced Measurement Approach. During the transition period, commercial banks should use both the Advanced
       Measurement Approach and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with the capital floor
       requirements.
       The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
       ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resistance. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
       management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
       to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
       Group’s operating conditions.
       The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plan and manage its capital
       adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
       and risk movement trends.

(f)    Use of derivatives
       Derivatives include forwards, swaps and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
       interest rate markets.
       The Group enters into interest rate, foreign currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business
       and its assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivatives can be divided into financial instruments
       that are held for fair value hedge and cash flow hedging purpose and that are at fair value through profit or loss.
       The Group formulates appropriate hedging strategies and uses proper tools in light of the risk profile of interest
       rates or foreign exchange rates associated with its assets and liabilities, as well as its analysis and judgement
       regarding future movements of interest rates or foreign exchange rates.
       The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Such
       risk can be offset through the use of foreign exchange forwards or foreign exchange options.
282   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             In cash flow hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks
             arising from RMB loans and interbank assets or liabilities. In fair value hedge, the Group uses interest rate swaps as
             hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks arising from bond investments measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income.
             The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair values of derivatives
             of the Group by remaining maturities at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives
             indicate the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, and do not represent
             the amounts at risk.
                                                                                          2023
                                                             Notional amounts with remaining life                     Fair value
                                                               Between      Between
                                                   Within     3 months         1 year        Over
                                                 3 months    and 1 year   and 5 years      5 years          Total   Assets    Liabilities
             Derivatives at fair value through
              profit or loss
              Interest rate derivatives           323,413      805,040       676,727         1,791      1,806,971    5,328          (5,314)
                Interest rate swaps               323,239      805,030       676,727         1,791      1,806,787    5,327          (5,314)
                Bond futures                          174            –             –             –            174        1               –
                Interest rate options                   –           10             –             –             10        –               –
              Currency derivatives                664,819      717,287        39,675         1,199      1,422,980   11,692         (10,372)
               Forwards                            35,148       17,293           257         1,199         53,897      375            (480)
               Foreign exchange swaps             426,525      394,675        30,310             –        851,510    8,853          (7,824)
               Futures                              1,949        3,503             –             –          5,452        –               –
               Options                            201,197      301,816         9,108             –        512,121    2,464          (2,068)
              Other derivatives                   135,119        1,553            52              35     136,759     1,485          (1,300)
               Equity options purchased            63,675          293             –              35      64,003     1,110               –
               Equity options written              63,675          293             –               –      63,968         –            (876)
               Commodity trading swaps              7,769          327            52               –       8,148       375            (354)
               Credit default swaps                     –          640             –               –         640         –             (70)
             Fair value hedge derivatives
               Interest rate derivatives                 –            –          513         2,838         3,351         –            (123)
                 Interest rate swaps                     –            –          513         2,838         3,351         –            (123)
              Currency derivatives                       –         753         7,529                –      8,282      123             (295)
               Foreign exchange swaps                    –         753         7,529                –      8,282      123             (295)
             Cash flow hedge derivatives
              Interest rate derivatives             1,752        3,685         2,890             369       8,696      105              (38)
                Interest rate swaps                 1,752        3,685         2,890             369       8,696      105              (38)
             Derivatives managed in
              conjunction with financial
              instruments designated at FVTPL
              Interest rate derivatives               213             –             –               –        213         –              (1)
                Interest rate swaps                   213             –             –               –        213         –              (1)
             Total                               1,125,316    1,528,318      727,386         6,232      3,387,252   18,733         (17,443)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                               283
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                     2022
                                                       Notional amounts with remaining life                       Fair value
                                                        Between      Between
                                             Within    3 months         1 year          Over
                                           3 months   and 1 year   and 5 years        5 years          Total   Assets          Liabilities
       Derivatives at fair value through
        profit or loss
        Interest rate derivatives            60,013     734,650       735,046           4,720      1,534,429    6,246             (6,062)
          Interest rate swaps                60,013     734,241       735,046           4,720      1,534,020    6,246             (6,062)
          Bond futures                            –         409             –               –            409        –                  –
        Currency derivatives               513,568      329,319        27,320           1,198       871,405    11,348           (11,449)
         Forwards                           21,443        4,812           645           1,198        28,098       487              (328)
         Foreign exchange swaps            347,432      226,332        17,724               –       591,488     9,263            (7,304)
         Futures                             1,043           81             –               –         1,124         –                 –
         Options                           143,650       98,094         8,951               –       250,695     1,598            (3,817)
        Other derivatives                    91,064         520            640                34     92,258      867                (856)
         Equity options purchased            42,889          57              –                34     42,980      554                   –
         Equity options written              42,909          57              –                 –     42,966        –                (472)
         Commodity trading swaps              5,266         406              –                 –      5,672      313                (330)
         Credit default swaps                     –           –            640                 –        640        –                 (54)
       Fair value hedge derivatives
         Currency derivatives                     –       1,316            781                 –      2,097       28                (153)
           Foreign exchange swaps                 –       1,316            781                 –      2,097       28                (153)
       Cash flow hedge derivatives
        Interest rate derivatives             2,393         100          1,804            709         5,006      182                    –
          Interest rate swaps                 2,373         100          1,804            709         4,986      182                    –
          Interest rate options                  20           –              –              –            20        –                    –
       Derivatives managed in
        conjunction with financial
        instruments designated at FVTPL
        Interest rate derivatives                 –       3,085            717                 –      3,802         –                 (47)
          Interest rate swaps                     –       3,085            717                 –      3,802         –                 (47)
        Currency derivatives                      –           –            728                 –        728         –                 (69)
         Foreign exchange swaps                   –           –            728                 –        728         –                 (69)
       Total                               667,038    1,068,990       767,036           6,661      2,509,725   18,671           (18,636)

       There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.
284   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows:
                                                                                                          2023                   2022
             Default risk weighted assets of counterparties                                              2,586                  1,500
               Interest rate derivatives                                                                    88                    137
               Currency derivatives                                                                      2,375                  1,242
               Other derivatives                                                                           123                    121
             Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                            2,410                  2,187
             Total                                                                                       4,996                  3,687

             The Group has calculated the exposure of derivatives according to the Notice of the Measures on Default Risk
             Weighted Assets of Counterparties in Respect of Derivatives and the related requirements issued by the former
             CBIRC. These amounts have taken the effects of bilateral netting arrangements into account. The risk weighted
             amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the Administrative Measures on Capital of
             Commercial Banks (Provisional). The amounts within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April 2014 are
             calculated using the Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is adopted to calculate those
             amounts that are not eligible for the Internal Ratings-Based approach.



      (g)    Fair value information
      (i)    Methods of determining fair value of financial instruments
             Several of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosure requirements stipulate the measurement of fair values, for
             both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
             The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
             team that takes the responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including the three levels of
             fair values.
             The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
             information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to determine fair value, then the valuation team
             assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
             requirements of IFRSs, including the classification of levels in the fair value hierarchy.
             When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
             Fair values are categorised into different levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
             techniques.
             The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair value hierarchy of the
             lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:
             •       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
                     can access at the measurement date;
             •       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
                     or liability, either directly or indirectly;
             •       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
             The Group recognises transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during
             which the transfer takes place.
             The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
             assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 285
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis
       The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
       period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
       date:
                                                                                         2023
                                                                  Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
       Assets
       Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    18,311          490,795           4,160         513,266
         – Debt securities                                        14,923          246,526             359         261,808
         – Long position in precious metal contracts               1,604                –               –           1,604
         – Equity investments                                      1,752              341           2,392           4,485
         – Fund investments                                           32          241,091           1,181         242,304
         – Wealth management products                                  –            2,729               –           2,729
         – Other                                                       –              108             228             336
       Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     756           12,123               –          12,879
         – Debt securities                                           756           12,123               –          12,879
       Derivative financial assets                                     –           18,733               –          18,733
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –           66,701           3,729          70,430
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                140,869          758,233               –         899,102
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –          404,417         120,762         525,179
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                    10,006            2,305           7,338          19,649
       Total                                                     169,942        1,753,307         135,989       2,059,238
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading                      15,748             380               –          16,128
         – Financial liabilities related to precious metal         15,748               –               –          15,748
         – Short position on bonds                                      –             380               –             380
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    5,179          20,826           1,825          27,830
         – Certificates of deposit issued                               –             212               –             212
         – Debt securities issued                                   5,179               –               –           5,179
         – Other                                                        –          20,614           1,825          22,439
       Derivative financial liabilities                                 –          17,443               –          17,443
       Total                                                       20,927          38,649           1,825          61,401
286   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
             period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
             date: (continued)
                                                                                               2022
                                                                         Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    16,175          390,702           4,714         411,591
               – Debt securities                                        15,497          187,349             359         203,205
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                 108                –               –             108
               – Equity investments                                        494              392           3,493           4,379
               – Fund investments                                           76          199,665             798         200,539
               – Wealth management products                                  –            2,543               –           2,543
               – Other                                                       –              753              64             817
             Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     948           10,928               –          11,876
               – Debt securities                                           948           10,928               –          11,876
             Derivative financial assets                                     –           18,671               –          18,671
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –                3           4,991           4,994
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                136,831          643,518               –         780,349
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –          514,051         100,430         614,481
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                     3,164            2,862           7,390          13,416
             Total                                                     157,118        1,580,735         117,525       1,855,378
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading                      17,917             330               –          18,247
               – Financial liabilities related to precious metal         17,634               –               –          17,634
               – Short position on bonds                                    283             330               –             613
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    7,709          20,541           2,647          30,897
               – Certificates of deposit issued                               –             383               –             383
               – Debt securities issued                                   7,709               –               –           7,709
               – Other                                                        –          20,158           2,647          22,805
             Derivative financial liabilities                                 –          18,636               –          18,636
             Total                                                       25,626          39,507           2,647          67,780

             During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no significant transfers of financial instruments
             between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 287
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (1)    Basis of determining the market prices for recurring fair value measurements categorised as Level 1
              Bloomberg etc. are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


       (2)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurement categorised as Level 2
              Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China Bond website on the valuation date
              is measured using the latest available valuation results.
              Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market is measured by using the
              comprehensive valuations provided by Bloomberg, etc.
              Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial instruments is measured by
              discounting the differences between the contract prices and market future prices of the foreign exchange
              forwards contracts. The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the
              end of the reporting period.
              Fair value of option contracts such as foreign exchange options, commodity options and equity options are
              measured by using the Black-Scholes model, based on market data such as risk-free interest rate, underlying
              market prices and price volatility of foreign exchange, commodities, and equity contract. The above market
              data used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Refinitiv, Wind and other market
              information providers.
              Fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange swaps, and non-option commodity contracts in derivative
              financial instruments is measured by discounting the expected receivable or payable amounts under the
              assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of the reporting period. The discount rates
              used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end of reporting period.
              Observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the value of equity investments
              measured at FVTPL, investment funds and wealth management products.
              The fair value of discounted bills at FVTOCI and at FVTPL in the Chinese mainland is measured based on
              the rate of rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd.
              The Group uses 10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills; or
              is measured by discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as
              credit rating of the loan customer provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of
              the loan, loan currency and the issuer credit spread.
              The fair value of equity investments designated at FVTOCI is measured by using the comprehensive valuations
              on Bloomberg or discounted cash flow approach using the relevant yield curve of China Bond at the end of
              the reporting period.
              The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations on
              Bloomberg.
              The fair value of “Other” under financial investments measured at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset
              values.
              The fair value of other financial liabilities designated at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset values of
              the funds, determined with reference to observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and
              adjustments of related expenses.
288   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3:
                                                             Fair value
                                                                   as at
                                                          31 December
                                                                   2023    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
                    Equity investments designated at              2,742    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      FVTOCI
                    Equity investments designated at                 71    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      FVTOCI                                                 approach                   rate, cash flow
                    Equity investments designated at              4,525    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                      FVTOCI                                                                            discount
                    Loans and advances to customers               3,729    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      at FVTPL                                               approach                   rate
                    Loans and advances to customers            120,762     Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      at FVTOCI                                              approach                   rate
                    Financial investments measured at
                      FVTPL
                      – Equity investments                        1,520    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      – Equity investments                          642    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate, cash flow
                      – Equity investments                          230    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                        discount
                      – Debt securities                             359    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate
                      – Fund investments                          1,180    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                      – Fund investments                              1    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      – Other                                       184    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate, cash flow
                      – Other                                        44    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                    Financial liabilities designated at           1,825    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                      FVTPL                                                                             discount
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          289
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                                                       Fair value
                                                            as at
                                                    31 December
                                                            2022    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
              Equity investments designated at             2,725    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                FVTOCI
              Equity investments designated at               101    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                FVTOCI                                                approach                   rate, cash flow
              Equity investments designated at             4,564    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                FVTOCI                                                                           discount
              Loans and advances to customers              4,991    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                at FVTPL                                              approach                   rate
              Loans and advances to customers           100,430     Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                at FVTOCI                                             approach                   rate
              Financial investments measured at
                FVTPL
                – Equity investments                       2,950    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                – Equity investments                         528    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                   rate, cash flow
                – Equity investments                          15    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                 discount
                – Debt securities                            359    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                   rate
                – Fund investments                           797    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                – Fund investments                             1    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                – Other                                       64    Net fund value approach    Net assets
              Financial liabilities designated at          2,647    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                FVTPL                                                                            discount
290   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                    Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                    The following tables show the movements from the beginning balances to the ending balances for Level 3
                    financial instruments:
                                                                                             Loans and      Loans and           Equity
                                                                               Financial    advances to    advances to    investments
                                                                            investments       customers      customers     designated
                    Assets                                                     at FVTPL        at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI        Total
                    At 1 January 2023                                              4,714          4,991       100,430            7,390    117,525
                    Profit or loss
                      – In profit or loss                                            (14)           117           (103)              –           –
                      – In other comprehensive income                                  –              –           (145)           (131)       (276)
                    Addition for the year                                            553             70        325,509              77     326,209
                    Disposals or settlement on maturity                             (596)        (1,451)      (304,929)             (1)   (306,977)
                    Transfer out of level 3                                         (560)             –              –               –        (560)
                    Exchange difference                                               63              2              –               3          68
                    At 31 December 2023                                            4,160          3,729       120,762            7,338    135,989
                    Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets
                      held at the end of the reporting period                        (98)           14               –               –         (84)

                                                                                             Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                                Financial   advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                             investments     customers      customers       designated
                    Assets                                                      at FVTPL       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI       at FVTOCI       Total
                    At 1 January 2022                                              4,879          7,281        56,713            4,726     73,599
                    Profit or loss
                      – In profit or loss                                            (14)          (366)           744               –         364
                      – In other comprehensive income                                  –              –           (107)             51         (56)
                    Addition for the year                                          1,041             85        196,298           2,527     199,951
                    Disposals or settlement on maturity                           (1,147)        (2,036)      (153,218)           (129)   (156,530)
                    Transfer out of level 3                                         (145)             –              –               –        (145)
                    Exchange difference                                              100             27              –             215         342
                    At 31 December 2022                                            4,714          4,991       100,430            7,390    117,525
                    Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets
                      held at the end of the reporting period                        (49)          (191)             –               –        (240)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              291
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
              Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                       2023               2022
              Balance as at 1 January                                                          2,647             8,147
              In loss                                                                           (122)              (142)
              Addition for the year                                                                –                 96
              Disposals and settlement on maturity                                              (739)            (5,695)
              Exchange difference                                                                 39                241
              Balance as at 31 December                                                        1,825             2,647
              Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the
                reporting period                                                                (122)              148

              During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no significant transfers among different
              levels for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
              During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group did not change the valuation techniques for
              the financial assets and liabilities disclosed above which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
292   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)     Fair value information (continued)
      (iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
              (1)   Financial Assets
                     The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include balances with central banks,
                     balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale agreements,
                     loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and investments at amortised cost.
                     Except for loans and advances measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments measured
                     at amortised cost, most of the financial assets not measured at fair value mature within 1 year, and their
                     carrying values approximate their fair values.
                     Loans and advances are stated at amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22). Loans and
                     advances at amortised cost are mostly priced at floating rates with reference to Loan Prime Rates (LPRs) and
                     repriced at least annually, and impairment allowances are made to reduce the carrying amounts of impaired
                     loans to estimated recoverable amounts. Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to
                     their fair value.
                     Debt investments measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost less allowances for impairment
                     losses. The fair value of the listed bonds is disclosed in Note 23(b).
                     The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of debt investments at amortised cost not measured at
                     fair value are listed as below:
                     The Level 1 fair value measurement is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets using Bloomberg
                     etc. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China Bond website are used to measure fair value of
                     bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds without active quoted
                     price, which are measured using the published comprehensive valuation by Bloomberg. The Level 3 fair value
                     is measured using discounted cash flow valuation technique.
                                                                                 2023                                                      2022
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3
                     Debt investments at amortised cost 1,728,620   1,791,963    61,918     1,659,705   70,340    1,536,397   1,569,775    41,700     1,434,070   94,005

                     Note:      The above financial assets do not include interest receivable.




              (2)   Financial Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due
                     to banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities
                     issued by the Group. The carrying value of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the
                     reporting period, except for the financial liabilities set out below:
                                                                                 2023                                                      2022
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3
                     Subordinated bonds issued                 –            –           –          –         –      19,994      20,292            –     20,292         –
                     Debt securities issued              119,193      118,924           –    118,924         –     120,971     118,416            –    118,416         –
                     Total                               119,193      118,924           –    118,924         –     140,965     138,708            –    138,708         –

                     Note:      The above financial liabilities do not include interest payable.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                     293
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions
(a)    Material connected person information
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows:
                                                                              Proportion Proportion
                                                     Issued No.of shares of       of the      of the
                                                  and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                                 Registered            paid    held by the        by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
       Company name              location           capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Merchants Group     Beijing         RMB16,900    7,559,427,375       29.97%         –   Transportation, shipping      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           (CMG)                                    million                   (note (i)(vii))          agency, warehousing           shareholder’s    liability
                                                                                                       and storage, leasing,         parent company
                                                                                                       manufacturing building
                                                                                                       and facility, repair
                                                                                                       and contracting, sales
                                                                                                       operating management
                                                                                                       service, etc.
       – China Merchants Steam Beijing           RMB17,000    3,289,470,337       13.04%         –   Transportation, building      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Navigation Co., Ltd.                     million                      (note (ii))           and repair, procurement, shareholder           liability
           (CMSN)                                                                                      supply chain management
                                                                                                       and distribution, shipping
                                                                                                       agency services, etc.
       – Shenzhen Yan Qing       Shenzhen          RMB600     1,258,542,349         4.99%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Sun Xian
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Shenzhen Chu Yuan       Shenzhen          RMB600      944,013,171          3.74%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Sun Xian
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – China Merchants         Shenzhen         RMB7,778    1,147,377,415         4.55%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Financial Holdings                       million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                   materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Best Winner Investment British Virgin       USD 1     386,924,063          1.53%        –   –                             Shareholder      Joint stock   –
           Ltd.                   Islands                                                                                                             limited
                                                                                                                                                      company
       – China Merchants Union British Virgin      USD0.06     477,903,500          1.89%        –   –                             Shareholder      Limited       –
           (BVI) Limited          Islands           million                                                                                           liability
       – China Merchants        Shenzhen            USD10       55,196,540          0.22%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Wang Xiaoding
           Industry Development                     million                                            enterprise management                          liability
           (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                                             consulting and investment
                                                                                                       consulting, etc.
294   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                   Proportion Proportion
                                                          Issued No.of shares of       of the      of the
                                                       and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                                         Registered         paid    held by the        by the     held by                            Relationship                    Legal
             Company name                location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                    with the Bank     Legal form    representative
             China COSCO Shipping Shanghai            RMB11,000    2,515,193,034       9.97%          – International shipping      Shareholder’s    Limited         Wan Min
                 Corporation Limited.                    million                     (note(iii))          business, supporting        parent company liability
                                                                                                          services to international
                                                                                                          shipping, imports and
                                                                                                          exports of goods and
                                                                                                          technology, international
                                                                                                          freight forwarding agent,
                                                                                                          etc.
             – China Ocean Shipping      Beijing      RMB16,191    1,574,729,111       6.24%          – Transportation business,    Shareholder      Limited         Wan Min
                 Co., Ltd.                               million                                          leasing business, ship                       liability
                                                                                                          purchasing and marketing
                                                                                                          business, warehousing
                                                                                                          business, etc.
             – COSCO Shipping          Guangzhou       RMB3,191     696,450,214        2.76%          – Shipping business           Shareholder      Limited         Shou Jian
                 (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   million                                                                                       liability
             – Guangzhou Haining       Guangzhou         RMB52      103,552,616        0.41%          – Business services           Shareholder      Limited         Chen Jianyao
                 Maritime Technology                     million                                                                                       liability
                 Consulting Co., Ltd.
             – COSCO Shipping          Shanghai        RMB1,399      75,617,340        0.30%          – Shipping business, leasing Shareholder         Limited       Zhao Bangtao
                 (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                    million                                           business, ship repairing                      liability
                                                                                                           and building etc.
             – COSCO Shipping        Hong Kong          HKD500       54,721,930        0.22%          – Leasing business, financing Shareholder        Limited       Liu Chong
                 Investment Holdings                     million                                           business, insurance                           liability
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                 business etc.
             – Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Guangzhou            RMB299       10,121,823        0.04%          – Ship purchasing and           Shareholder      Limited       Lin Rui
                 Oil & Shipping Co.,                     million                                           marketing business,                           liability
                 Ltd.                                                                                      shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                           business, shipping
                                                                                                           business etc.
             China Insurance Security Beijing           RMB100      776,574,735        3.08%          – Investing and establishing Shareholder’s       Limited       Ji Yuhua
                 Fund Co., Ltd                           million                     (note(iv))            insurance companies,         parent company liability
                                                                                                           supervising and managing
                                                                                                           various domestic and
                                                                                                           international businesses
                                                                                                           of holding investment
                                                                                                           enterprises, and
                                                                                                           investment business
                                                                                                           permitted by national laws
                                                                                                           and regulations, etc.
             – Dajia Life Insurance Co., Beijing      RMB30,790     776,574,735        3.08%          – Life insurance, health        Shareholder      Joint stock   He Xiaofeng
                 Ltd                                     million                     (note(iv))            insurance, accident                           limited
                                                                                                           insurance, and other                          company
                                                                                                           personal insurance
                                                                                                           services, etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                295
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(a)    Material connected person information (continued)
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                                         Proportion Proportion
                                                Issued No.of shares of       of the      of the
                                             and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                               Registered         paid    held by the        by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
       Company name            location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Communications Beijing          RMB7,274     422,770,418        1.68%           –   General contractor for     Shareholder’s    Limited         Wang Tongzhou
           Construction Group                  million                     (note(v))              construction                parent company liability
           Limited
       – China Communications Beijing       RMB16,166     201,089,738        0.80%           – General contractor for        Shareholder      Joint stock    Wang Tongzhou
           Construction                        million                                           construction, leasing                          limited
           Company Limited                                                                       and repair, technical                          company
                                                                                                 consulting service, imports
                                                                                                 and exports, investment
                                                                                                 and management business
       Shanghai Automotive      Shanghai    RMB21,749     310,125,822        1.23%           – Production and sale           Shareholder’s    Limited        Chen Hong
           Industry Corporation                million                     (note(vi))            of vehicles, asset            parent company liability
           (Group)                                                                               management business,
                                                                                                 domestic trade business,
                                                                                                 consulting service
       – SAIC Motor Corporation Shanghai    RMB11,683     310,125,822        1.23%           – Production and sale of        Shareholder      Joint stock    Chen Hong
           Limited                             million                                           vehicles, consulting                           limited
                                                                                                 service, imports and                           company
                                                                                                 exports
       CMB International Capital Hong Kong  HKD4,129                 –             –     100% Investment bank and            Subsidiary       Limited        Wang Liang
           Holdings Corporation                million                                           investment managements                         liability
           Limited (CMBIC)
       CMB Financial Leasing     Shanghai  RMB12,000                 –             –     100%    Finance lease              Subsidiary         Limited       Zhong Desheng
           Company Limited                     million                                                                                           liability
           (CMBFL)
       CMB Wing Lung Bank        Hong Kong  HKD1,161                 –             –     100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Liang
           Limited (CMB WLB)                   million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Fund      Shenzhen   RMB1,310                 –             –      55%    Fund Management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
           Management Co.,                     million                                                                                           liability
           Ltd. (CMFM)
       CMB Wealth Management Shenzhen       RMB5,556                 –             –      90%    Asset management           Subsidiary         Limited       Chen Yisong
           Co., Ltd                            million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Europe Luxembourg      EUR100                 –             –     100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Xue Fei
           S.A. (CMB Europe                    million                                                                                           liability
           S.A.)
       Cigna & CMB Asset         Beijing     RMB500                  –             –    Note 24 Asset management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
           Management                          million                                      (vii)                                                liability
           Company Limited
           (CIGNA & CMAM)

       Notes:

       (i)       CMG held 29.97% of the Bank indirectly (31 December 2022: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023.

       (ii)      As the largest direct shareholder, CMSN, a subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 13.04%).

       (iii)     China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2022: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

       (iv)      China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 3.08% of the Bank (2022: 3.19%) through its 98.23% holding
                 in Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

       (v)       China Communications Construction Group Limited (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.68% of the Bank through its
                 subsidiaries (2022: 1.68%).

       (vi)      Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the Bank through its subsidiaries
                 (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2022: 1.23%).

       (vii)     The sum of the direct holding percentage of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the sum of the above-mentioned relevant percentages may
                 differ slightly due to rounding.
296   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             The registered capital of the Group’s related parties as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
             Name of related party                                                                                                                2023                                     2022
             CMG                                                                                                             RMB            16,900,000,000 RMB                      16,900,000,000
             CMSN                                                                                                            RMB            17,000,000,000 RMB                      17,000,000,000
             Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB               600,000,000 RMB                         600,000,000
             Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB               600,000,000 RMB                         600,000,000
             China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                    RMB             7,778,000,000 RMB                       7,778,000,000
             Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                                     USD                         1 USD                                   1
             China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited                                                                             USD                    60,000 USD                              60,000
             China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                            USD                10,000,000 USD                          10,000,000
             China Insurance Security Fund                                                                                   RMB               100,000,000 RMB                         100,000,000
             Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd                                                                                   RMB            30,790,000,000 RMB                      30,790,000,000
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited                                                                        RMB            11,000,000,000 RMB                      11,000,000,000
             China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                  RMB            16,191,351,300 RMB                      16,191,351,300
             COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                            RMB             3,191,200,000 RMB                       3,191,200,000
             Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                      RMB                52,000,000 RMB                          52,000,000
             COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                             RMB             1,398,941,000 RMB                       1,398,941,000
             COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                    HKD               500,000,000 HKD                         500,000,000
             Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                    RMB               299,020,000 RMB                         299,020,000
             China Communications Construction Group Limited                                                                 RMB             7,274,023,830 RMB                       7,274,023,830
             China Communications Construction Company Limited                                                               RMB            16,165,711,425 RMB                      16,165,711,425
             Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                                                RMB            21,749,175,737 RMB                      21,749,175,737
             SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                                                  RMB            11,683,461,365 RMB                      11,683,461,365
             CMBIC                                                                                                           HKD             4,129,000,000 HKD                       4,129,000,000
             CMBFL                                                                                                           RMB            12,000,000,000 RMB                      12,000,000,000
             CMB WLB                                                                                                         HKD             1,160,950,575 HKD                       1,160,950,575
             CMFM                                                                                                            RMB             1,310,000,000 RMB                       1,310,000,000
             CMBWM                                                                                                           RMB             5,555,555,555 RMB                       5,555,555,555
             CMB Europe S.A.                                                                                                 EUR               100,000,000 EUR                          50,000,000
             CIGNA & CMAM                                                                                                    RMB               500,000,000 RMB                         500,000,000

             The proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries held by the
             Bank
                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                          The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                           CMSN                CMBIC                 CMBFL                CMB WLB                  CMFM                  CMBWM           CMB Europe S.A.      CIGNA & CMAM

                                    No. of shares      %        HKD       %           RMB       %           HKD        %            RMB       %           RMB      %         EUR       %          RMB        %

             At 1 January 2023      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000    note

             At 31 December 2023    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000   note

                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                            The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                           CMSN                CMBIC                  CMBFL               CMB WLB                  CMFM                  CMBWM           CMB Europe S.A.      CIGNA & CMAM

                                     No. of shares     %         HKD      %            RMB      %           HKD        %             RMB      %           RMB      %          EUR      %          RMB        %

             At 1 January 2022      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000           note

             At 31 December 2022    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000     note

             Note:        This information is detailed in note 24.

             As of 31 December 2023, other than those disclosed above, there were 92 companies that shared common
             directors, supervisors and senior management including their close family members with the Bank and they can
             control or exercise significant influence over these companies (31 December 2022: 142).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               297
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(b)    Terms and conditions for related-party transactions
       The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business including
       lending, investing, deposit taking, securities trading, providing agency and trust services, and off-balance sheet
       transactions. In the opinion of the directors, the Group enters into such material related-party transactions under
       normal commercial terms. Interest rates on loans and deposits are strictly set in accordance with the deposit and
       loan interest rate management regulations published by the PBOC, and such banking transactions are priced based
       on the market prices at the time of transactions:
                                                                                              2023                  2022
       Short-term loans                                                           3.55% to 3.65%        3.65% to 3.80%
       Medium to long-term loans                                                  3.55% to 4.30%        3.65% to 4.65%
       Demand deposits                                                                     0.35%                 0.35%
       Time deposits                                                              1.10% to 2.75%        1.10% to 2.75%

       There were no loans and advances granted to related parties that were credit impaired during the year (2022:
       None).



(c)    Shareholders and their related companies
       The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG and its related companies held 29.97% (2022: 29.97%) of the Bank’s shares as
       at 31 December 2023 (among them 13.04 % of the shares were directly held by CMSN (2022: 13.04%)).
       The Group’s transactions and balances with CMSN and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                              2023                  2022
       On-balance sheet:
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                 –                 2,000
        – Amounts held under resale agreements                                               2,942                 2,589
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                   46,466                40,772
        – Financial investments                                                             12,159                 7,626
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                              26,119                29,726
        – Deposits from customers                                                           59,227                45,342
        – Lease liabilities                                                                    170                   210
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                             3,510                5,087
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                        971                  318
         – Bills of acceptances                                                                 289                  285
       Interest income                                                                        2,364                1,848
       Interest expense                                                                      (1,475)              (1,376)
       Net fee and commission income                                                          1,282                1,027
       Operating expenses                                                                      (211)                (177)
       Other net expenses                                                                         –                  (10)
298   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (d)    Companies that share common directors, supervisors or senior management
             with the Bank (other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)) and they can control
             or exercise significant influence over the companies
                                                                          2023         2022
             On-balance sheet:
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions        –        2,277
              – Amounts held under resale agreements                          –        3,770
              – Loans and advances to customers                           9,360       28,103
              – Financial investments                                     2,116          770
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions      1,683        4,346
              – Placements from banks and other financial institutions      300        6,047
              – Deposits from customers                                  12,304       13,447
              – Lease liabilities                                             –           65
             Off-balance sheet:
               – Irrevocable guarantees                                    310          580
               – Irrevocable letters of credit                               –            6
             Interest income                                                601        1,035
             Interest expense                                              (460)        (475)
             Net fee and commission income                                    9          133
             Operating expenses                                            (283)        (274)
             Other net expenses                                               –         (129)



      (e)    Associates and joint ventures other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)
                                                                          2023         2022
             On-balance sheet:
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions   17,500       14,675
              – Loans and advances to customers                           5,771        6,848
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions        894          896
              – Deposits from customers                                     731          331
             Interest income                                                432          306
             Interest expense                                               (26)         (19)
             Net fee and commission income                                2,307        2,498
             Operating expenses                                              (1)          (8)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       299
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(f)    Other major shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the Bank and
       exercising significant influence over the Bank
                                                                                       2023                2022
       On-balance sheet:
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                         600                   –
        – Loans and advances to customers                                             38,949              27,070
        – Financial investments                                                          995               4,302
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         3,908               2,929
        – Deposits from customers                                                     20,537              14,872
        – Lease liabilities                                                               27                  40
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                     12,146               8,511
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                               3,530               1,835
         – Bills of acceptances                                                        6,325               5,125
       Interest income                                                                 1,616                 913
       Interest expense                                                                 (510)               (633)
       Net fee and commission income                                                     114               2,242
       Operating expenses                                                               (291)               (138)
       Other net expense                                                                   –                  (1)



(g)    Subsidiaries
                                                                                       2023                2022
       On-balance sheet
        – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                         2,204                 958
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                      26,404              32,438
        – Loans and advances to customers                                             12,442               1,396
        – Financial investments                                                        3,711               3,415
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         3,578               4,630
        – Deposits from customers                                                      6,056               5,206
       Off-balance sheet
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                          –                  38
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                               1,289               4,599
         – Bills of acceptances                                                        1,009                 222
       Interest income                                                                 1,360                 943
       Interest expense                                                                 (115)               (129)
       Net fee and commission income/(expenses)                                          254                 (93)
       Operating expenses                                                             (1,455)             (1,797)
       Other net income                                                                  232                 150

       All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
       consolidated financial statements.
300   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (h)    Key management personnel
             Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
             controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
             Salaries and other emoluments                                                            37,228                 38,249
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                         –                 18,583
             Share-based payment                                                                     (18,121)               (41,066)
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                      –                  2,100
             Total                                                                                    19,107                 17,866

             The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
             39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured
             by using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(16); and the amounts are
             charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options may
             expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual cash
             flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)    Annuity scheme
             Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
             other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
             2023 and 2022.



      62. Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries, the Group does
             not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during the reporting period.



      (a)    Perpetual debt capital
             CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of US$400 million on 24 January 2019. Movements of
             these perpetual debt capital are as follows:
                                                                             Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2023                                                   2,787                     –                  2,787
             Distributions in 2023                                                   –                   182                    182
             Paid in 2023                                                            –                  (182)                  (182)
             Exchange difference                                                    51                     –                     51
             At 31 December 2023                                                 2,838                      –                 2,838

                                                                              Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2022                                                   3,636                      –                 3,636
             Redemption in 2022                                                 (1,104)                     –                (1,104)
             Distributions in 2022                                                   –                    202                   202
             Paid in 2022                                                            –                   (202)                 (202)
             Exchange difference                                                   255                      –                   255
             At 31 December 2022                                                 2,787                      –                 2,787

             There is no maturity for the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of
             the issuer. Cancelled interest is non-cumulative. There is no contractual obligation to deliver cash to other parties.
             During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
             corresponding amounts were paid to the perpetual debt holders accordingly.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    301
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



63. Transfers of financial assets
       The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial
       assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases, such transfers may give rise to full or partial
       derecognition of the financial assets concerned, and in other cases the transfers may not qualify for derecognition as
       the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these transferred assets. As a result, the Group continues
       to recognise these transferred assets.



       Securitisation of credit assets
       The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
       to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire certain
       investments at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the associated credit assets by
       evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
       With respect to the credit assets that are securitised and qualified for derecognition, based on the criteria set out in
       Note 4(5), the Group derecognises the transferred credit assets in their entirety. During the year of 2023, the Group
       transferred loans amounting to RMB22,589 million (2022: RMB17,362 million) in securitisation arrangements, as
       well as substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the loans. The full amount of such securitised loans
       were then derecognised.
       In the cases that the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets, and for which the Group retains control, the Group recognises an asset in the consolidated
       statement of financial position to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the transferred assets, the
       remaining portion is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and
       rewards exposed by the Group to the value changes of the transferred assets. For the year ended 31 December
       2023, there were no new securitised credit assets in which the Group retained the continuing involvement (2022:
       None). The carrying amount of the continuing involvement asset and the corresponding continuing involvement
       liability, are recognised in other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position,
       amounting to RMB5,274 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB5,274 million).



       Transfers of credit assets to third parties
       During the year of 2023, in addition to securitisation transactions, the Group transferred credit assets amounting to
       RMB1,107 million (2022: RMB995 million) to independent third parties directly. The Group determined that these
       transferred assets qualified for full derecognition, based on the criteria set out in Note 4(5), since the Group has
       transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the transferred assets to the counterparties.



       Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
       Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills held
       by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and securities lent to counterparties under securities
       lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under agreements to
       repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
       of the contract. The Group determines that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and
       therefore does not derecognise them. Instead, it recognises a financial liability for cash received as collateral.
302   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
             The scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is determined on a control basis. Control means that
             the investor has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns by participating in the relevant activities of the
             investee, and has the ability to use the power to affect the amount of its return.
             The Group has the power over structured entities, and the other investors have no substantive rights. In the
             meantime, the Group is entitled to variable returns, and will consolidate entities, in which the Group has the right
             to affect the amount of its return.
             In addition to the above-mentioned structured entities that have been included in the Group’s consolidated financial
             statements, the Group’s interests in structured entities which is not covered by the consolidated financial statements
             is as follows:



      (a)    Interests in the structured entities sponsored by third parties institutions
             The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third parties through investments in the units
             issued by these structured entities. Such interests include investments in wealth management products, asset
             management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and fund investments, and the Group does
             not consolidate these structured entities. The purpose of the Group holding these structured entities is to obtain
             investment income, capital appreciation or both.
             The following tables set out an analysis of the balance of interests held by the Group in the structured entities
             sponsored by third parties and an analysis of the line items in the consolidated statement of financial positions as at
             31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022:
                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                      Balance
                                                                                    Debt
                                                               Financial     investments           Debt
                                                            investments     at amortised    investments                   Maximum
                                                               at FVTPL              cost     at FVTOCI           Total   exposure
             Asset management schemes                                 –           35,275                  –      35,275      35,275
             Trust beneficiary rights                               184           25,020                  –      25,204      25,204
             Asset-backed securities                                320            1,073             17,983      19,376      19,376
             Fund investments                                   227,477                –                  –     227,477     227,477
             Wealth management products                             580                –                  –         580         580
             Total                                              228,561           61,368             17,983     307,912     307,912

                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                       Balance
                                                                                     Debt
                                                                Financial     investments               Debt
                                                             investments     at amortised        investments              Maximum
                                                                at FVTPL             cost          at FVTOCI      Total   exposure
             Asset management schemes                                 –           48,362                    –    48,362      48,362
             Trust beneficiary rights                                 –           37,954                    –    37,954      37,954
             Asset-backed securities                                835            1,031                  170     2,036       2,036
             Fund investments                                   186,311                –                    –   186,311     186,311
             Wealth management products                             110                –                    –       110         110
             Total                                              187,256           87,347                  170   274,773     274,773

             The maximum exposures of investments in funds, trust beneficiary rights, asset management schemes, wealth
             management products and asset-backed securities are the balance of these assets.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  303
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (Continued)
(b)    Interests in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
       The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
       management products, funds and assets management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
       are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
       the issuance of investment products to investors. Interest of the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities is
       limited to fees and commissions charged for management services provided.
       As at 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       sponsored by the Group was RMB2,548,929 million (31 December 2022: RMB2,667,663 million).
       As at 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated funds sponsored by the Group was RMB1,237,828 million
       (31 December 2022: RMB1,147,030 million).
       As at 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated asset management schemes sponsored by the Group was
       RMB289,215 million (31 December 2022: RMB262,095 million).
       As at 31 December 2023, amounts held under resale agreements transacted between the Group and the non-
       principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group were RMB25,701 million (31 December
       2022: RMB17,252 million). The above transactions were conducted in accordance with normal business terms and
       conditions.
       As at 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       held by the Group was RMB2,149 million (31 December 2022: RMB2,433 million).
       As at 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated funds held by the Group was RMB14,827 million (31
       December 2022: RMB14,228 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
       management products sponsored by the Group transferred to investments measured at amortised cost of the Group
       was Nil (2022: RMB11,143 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products was RMB10,394 million (2022: RMB17,037 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated funds was RMB5,041 million (2022: RMB5,470 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated asset management schemes was RMB653 million (2022: RMB683 million).
       The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group after 1 January
       2023 with a maturity date before 31 December 2023 was RMB502,145 million (2022: RMB620,318 million).



65. Comparative figures
       Certain comparative figures in the notes have been re-presented to conform to presentation in current year.
304   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




      (A) Capital adequacy ratio
               The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the former CBIRC’s Administrative
               Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The
               bases used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
               In accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by the former CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
               calculates core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2023                        2022
               Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                             13.73%                      13.68%
               Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                  16.01%                      15.75%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                         17.88%                      17.77%
               Components of capital base
               Core tier-1 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                           25,220                      25,220
                 Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                         65,547                      65,397
                 Surplus reserve                                                                                              108,700                      94,948
                 General reserve                                                                                              141,184                     132,451
                 Retained earnings                                                                                            563,114                     488,970
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                    –                           –
                 Other (note (i))                                                                                              16,994                      14,480
               Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                      920,759                     821,466
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                                  13,451                       22,114
               Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                        907,308                     799,352
               Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                          150,446                     120,446
               Net tier-1 capital                                                                                          1,057,754                      919,798
               Tier-2 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                                 –                       20,000
                 Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                       122,175                       96,579
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                1,558                        1,565
               Total tier-2 capital                                                                                           123,733                     118,144
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                          –                           –
               Net tier-2 capital                                                                                             123,733                     118,144
               Net capital                                                                                                 1,181,487                   1,037,942
               Total risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the floor
                 requirements during the parallel run period)                                                              6,608,021                   5,841,685

               Notes:

               (i)    :   Under former CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional), other includes investment revaluation reserve,
                          exchange reserve, hedging reserve in the consolidated financial statements, etc.

               (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes preference shares, perpetual bonds, etc.

               In 2023, in accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by former CBIRC in April 2014, the
               Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.32%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 15.70%, capital adequacy ratio is
               17.62%, net capital is RMB1,059,697 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,015,774 million.
               In 2023, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is
               11.86%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.82%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.96%, net capital is RMB1,144,901
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB7,652,723 million.
               In 2023, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is
               11.38%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.40%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.52%, net capital is RMB1,023,111
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB7,046,274 million.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                305
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(B) Leverage ratio
       In accordance with the former CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision)
       issued in 2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio is as follows. The basis used herein may
       differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
       The difference between regulatory items and accounting items:
                                                                                               2023                  2022
       Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                   11,028,483           10,138,912
       Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
         commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes
         but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                  (55,771)              (47,666)
       Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                           –                     –
       Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                      (1,913)               (7,911)
       Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                     106,847                12,444
       Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                             1,742,065             1,496,177
       Other adjustments                                                                    (13,451)              (22,114)
       Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 12,806,260           11,569,842

       Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                   31 December 2023     31 December 2022
       1.     Net tier-1 capital                                                          1,057,754               919,798
       2.     Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets (excluding
                derivatives and SFTs)                                                    10,769,181             9,773,998
              On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and securities
                financing transactions (SFT))                                            10,782,632             9,796,112
              Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1
                      capital                                                               (13,451)              (22,114)
       3.     Total derivative exposures                                                     16,819                10,726
              Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions (net
                of eligible cash variation margin)                                            4,639                 5,551
              Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated with all
                derivatives transactions                                                     12,180                 5,175
              Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from
                the balance sheet assets                                                           –                     –
              Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin
                      provided in derivatives transactions                                         –                     –
              Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade
                      exposures                                                                    –                     –
              Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                              –                     –
              Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit
                      derivatives                                                                  –                     –
       4.     Total securities financing transaction exposures                              278,195               288,941
              Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after adjusting
                for sale accounting transactions                                            171,348               276,497
              Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of
                      gross SFT assets                                                            –                     –
              Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                              106,847                12,444
              Agent transaction exposures                                                         –                     –
       5.     Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                 1,742,065            1,496,177
              Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                          3,524,325            3,093,836
              Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts               (1,782,260)          (1,597,659)
       6.     Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet
                assets                                                                   12,806,260           11,569,842
       7.     Leverage ratio                                                                  8.26%                7.95%
306   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
             The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
             Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
             those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group
             was 159.82% in the fourth quarter of 2023, an increase of 0.17 percentage points from the previous quarter, which
             was maintained basically stable. The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023
             was 173.36%, which met the regulatory requirements in 2023. The breakdown of the Group’s average value of
             each item of liquidity coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2023 is set out below:
                                                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                    Unweighted                     Weighted
                                                                                                                        amount                      amount
             Serial No.                                                                                          (average value)             (average value)
             Stock of high quality liquid assets
             1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                        2,017,296
             Cash outflows
             2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                              3,698,130                     328,336
             3        Stable deposits                                                                                      829,526                      41,476
             4        Less stable deposits                                                                               2,868,604                     286,860
             5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                               4,379,860                   1,458,116
             6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                               2,650,733                     655,476
             7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                            1,703,035                     776,548
             8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                               26,092                      26,092
             9      Secured funding                                                                                                                     13,664
             10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                   1,973,700                     385,580
             11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other                                             276,651                     276,651
                        transactions arising from related collateral requirements
             12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt instruments funding                                                –                           –
             13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                  1,697,049                     108,929
             14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                          103,364                     103,364
             15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                 3,643,112                     109,469
             16       Total cash outflows                                                                                                            2,398,529
             Cash inflows
             17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)                                      180,353                     179,816
             18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                      1,072,229                     682,265
             19     Other cash inflows                                                                                     274,843                     274,223
             20     Total cash inflows                                                                                   1,527,425                   1,136,304


                                                                                                                                              Adjusted value
             21       Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                      2,017,296
             22       Net cash outflows                                                                                                              1,262,225
             23       Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                    159.82%

             Notes:

             (i)      The domestic data in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the month-end average for
                      the data of subsidiaries.

             (ii)     The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared based on cash and the central bank reserve available under pressure conditions,
                      as well as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by former CBIRC on the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management
                      of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                 307
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio
       The Group prepared and disclosed information on Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
       the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The Group’s Net Stable Funding
       Ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023 was 130.72%, representing an increase of 0.58 percentage points
       as compared with the previous quarter, which was maintained basically stable. The breakdown of the Group’s Net
       Stable Fund Ratio in the last two quarters is set out below:
       31 December 2023
                                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                            Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                       6 months to
       Serial No.                                                        No maturity     < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
       Available stable funding (ASF) item
       1       Capital                                                     1,071,254               –             –             –   1,071,254
       2          Regulatory capital                                       1,071,254               –             –             –   1,071,254
       3          Other capital instruments                                        –               –             –             –           –
       4       Retail deposits and deposits from
                  Small business customer                                  2,282,575       1,617,013       57,445          5,038   3,610,469
       5          Stable deposits                                            875,774           5,726          525          1,121     839,045
       6          Less stable deposits                                     1,406,801       1,611,287       56,920          3,917   2,771,424
       7       Wholesale funding                                           2,644,103       2,423,633      251,230        289,042   2,601,237
       8          Operational deposits                                     2,602,120               –            –              –   1,301,060
       9          Other wholesale funding                                     41,983       2,423,633      251,230        289,042   1,300,177
       10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                     –               –            –              –           –
       11      Other liabilities                                               2,657         169,456       64,195        118,015     126,648
       12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                             23,464
       13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                    above categories                                           2,657        169,456         64,195        94,551     126,648
       14      Total ASF                                                                                                           7,409,608
       Required stable funding (RSF) item
       15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                         399,307
       16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                 operational purposes                                        44,614            7,289             –             –      26,166
       17      Performing loans and securities                              122,075        2,398,056     1,197,720     3,851,064   4,820,184
       18        Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                   Level 1 HQLA                                                    –        148,674              –             –     22,301
       19        Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                   by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                   loans to financial institutions                                 –        659,621         91,109        29,240    173,769
       20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                   loans to retail and small business customers, and
                   loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                   which:                                                          –       1,383,699     1,026,194     2,303,658   3,130,694
       21        With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                   under the Basel II standardized approach for credit
                   risk                                                            –        189,595       124,083        161,811     262,016
       22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                       –         25,840        26,102      1,328,961   1,154,132
       23        With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                   under the Basel II standardized approach for credit
                   risk                                                            –               –             –             –           –
       24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities              122,075         180,222         54,315       189,205    339,288
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                    –               –              –             –          –
308   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
             31 December 2023 (continued)

                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                      Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                                 6 months to
             Serial No.                                                           No maturity      < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
             Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
             26      Other assets                                                      10,761          73,396         34,039       101,462    200,668
             27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                      2,321                                                   1,973
             28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts
                         and contributions to default funds of CCPs                                                                    333        283
             29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                       25,650      2,186
             30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                         variation margin posted                                                                                     4,889      4,889
             31        All other assets not included in the above categories            8,440          73,396         34,039        75,479    191,337
             32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                     5,947,508    221,955
             33       Total RSF                                                                                                              5,668,280
             34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                           130.72%

             30 September 2023
                                                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                      Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                                 6 months to
             Serial No.                                                            No maturity      < 6 months    12 months    ≥ 12 months
             Available stable funding (ASF) item
             1       Capital                                                        1,026,779                –             –             –   1,026,779
             2          Regulatory capital                                          1,026,779                –             –             –   1,026,779
             3          Other capital instruments                                           –                –             –             –           –
             4       Retail deposits and deposits from
                        Small business customer                                     2,222,423        1,472,506       86,263          6,152   3,451,677
             5          Stable deposits                                               842,850            5,750          464          1,198     807,808
             6          Less stable deposits                                        1,379,573        1,466,756       85,799          4,954   2,643,869
             7       Wholesale funding                                              2,603,626        2,377,268      170,233        294,570   2,554,246
             8          Operational deposits                                        2,581,665                –            –              –   1,290,833
             9          Other wholesale funding                                        21,961        2,377,268      170,233        294,570   1,263,413
             10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                        –                –            –              –           –
             11      Other liabilities                                                  7,430          151,468       76,397        134,792     140,838
             12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                                 32,152
             13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                          above categories                                              7,430         151,468         76,397       102,640     140,838
             14      Total ASF                                                                                                               7,173,540
             Required stable funding (RSF) item
             15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                             344,456
             16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                       operational purposes                                            44,005            7,691             –         4,699      30,547
             17      Performing loans and securities                                  101,255        2,352,104     1,092,143     3,838,101   4,708,965
             18        Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                         Level 1 HQLA                                                       –          58,340              –             –      8,751
             19        Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                         by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                         loans to financial institutions                                    –         750,105         71,249        27,211    175,363
             20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                         loans to retail and small business customers, and
                         loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                         which:                                                             –        1,340,029      940,280      2,295,491   3,045,537
             21        With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                         under the Basel II standardized approach for credit
                         risk                                                               –         225,553       135,598        228,926    329,378
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                309
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
       30 September 2023 (continued)

                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                              Unweighted amount                                 amount
                                                                                                           6 months to
       Serial No.                                                         No maturity      < 6 months       12 months      ≥ 12 months
       Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
       22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                         –         25,454           25,505        1,313,046       1,140,044
       23        With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                   under the Basel II standardized approach for credit
                   risk                                                              –               –                –                –               –
       24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities               101,255          178,176           55,109          202,353         339,270
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                     –                –                –                –               –
       26      Other assets                                                    6,936           80,370           38,577          108,846         208,457
       27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                   2,792                                                              2,373
       28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                   contracts and contributions to default funds of
                   CCPs                                                                                                             277              235
       29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          33,071              919
       30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                   variation margin posted                                                                                        6,692           6,692
       31        All other assets not included in the above categories          4,144          80,370           38,577           75,498         198,238
       32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                        5,803,725         219,747
       33       Total RSF                                                                                                                     5,512,172
       34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                   130.14%

       Notes:

       (i)      The Group calculates Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”
                and relevant statistical regulations.

       (ii)     Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time include, but are not limited to, items such as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity
                deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded commodities.

       (iii)    The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
                of variation margin posted”.
310   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                             2023
                                                                           USD           HKD           Other          Total
                                                                                     (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               601,745         31,474          47,462      680,681
             Spot liabilities                                          553,972         18,032          90,942      662,946
             Forward purchased                                         417,752          6,195          76,916      500,863
             Forward written                                           476,337          7,311          38,999      522,647
             Net option position                                        12,236            (79)          3,562       15,719
             Net long position                                           1,424         12,247          (2,001)      11,670
             Net structural position                                     8,481         41,314           1,552       51,347

                                                                                             2022
                                                                           USD            HKD            Other        Total
                                                                                      (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               547,489         41,714          53,176      642,379
             Spot liabilities                                          530,903         16,460          91,232      638,595
             Forward purchased                                         276,555          2,258          56,399      335,212
             Forward written                                           305,169         17,447          18,938      341,554
             Net option position                                        15,700         (1,122)           (695)      13,883
             Net long position                                           3,672          8,943          (1,290)      11,325
             Net structural position                                     9,974         40,691           1,136       51,801

             The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
             Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
             branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
             –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
             –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
             –      Investments in overseas subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 311
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(F) International claims
       The Group is principally engaged in business operations within the Chinese mainland, and regards all claims on third
       parties outside the Chinese mainland and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Chinese mainland
       as international claims.
       International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
       holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
       International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
       area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
       into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
       is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
       located in another country.
                                                                                         2023
                                                                    Banks
                                                                and other          Public
                                                                 financial         sector
                                                              institutions        entities          Other            Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in the
         Chinese mainland                                          105,171          2,079         132,845         240,095
       Asia Pacific excluding the Chinese mainland                  49,161         19,653         199,166         267,980
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                         24,986         17,202         181,581         223,769
       Europe                                                       19,866          1,598          21,029          42,493
       North and South America                                      68,925        119,692          17,584         206,201
       Total                                                       243,123        143,022         370,624         756,769

                                                                                         2022
                                                                       Banks
                                                                   and other        Public
                                                                    financial       sector
                                                                 institutions      entities         Other            Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in the
         Chinese mainland                                            89,883         4,419         156,029         250,331
       Asia Pacific excluding the Chinese mainland                   62,407        22,043         162,273         246,723
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                          39,726        19,891         146,107         205,724
       Europe                                                        12,472         1,732          20,479          34,683
       North and South America                                       44,948        81,981          19,809         146,738
       Total                                                       209,710        110,175         358,590         678,475
312   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
             Operation in the Chinese mainland
                                                                               2023                     2022
                                                                                  % of gross                   % of gross
                                                                                   loans and                    loans and
                                                                                    advances                     advances
                                                                                  covered by                   covered by
                                                                                collateral or                 collateral or
                                                                        Amount other security    Amount     other security
             Manufacturing                                              557,691           28     445,218                32
             Transportation, storage and postal services                477,016           40     461,434                37
             Property development                                       303,707           52     349,682                48
             Production and supply of electric power, heating
               power, gas and water                                     259,864           32     203,870                38
             Wholesale and retail                                       187,737           35     171,786                32
             Leasing and commercial services                            186,463           17     158,320                14
             Construction                                               110,577           22     103,998                24
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                95,394           49      78,950                48
             Finance                                                     88,296           17      75,593                23
             Water, environment and public utilities management          42,813           45      64,886                30
             Mining                                                      42,326           34      34,421                33
             Others                                                      76,400           31      67,677                30
             Corporate loans and advances subtotal                     2,428,284          34    2,215,835               35
             Discounted bills                                           471,127          100     514,054              100
             Residential mortgage                                      1,376,815         100    1,379,825             100
             Credit cards                                                935,777           –      884,395               –
             Micro-finance loans                                         750,019          78      629,857              79
             Consumer loans                                              301,538           2      202,225               3
             Others                                                        7,806          90       11,374              93
             Retail loans and advances subtotal                        3,371,955          59    3,107,676               61
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers           6,271,366          52    5,837,565               54
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       313
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (continued)
       Operation outside the Chinese mainland
                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                           % of gross                 % of gross
                                                                            loans and                  loans and
                                                                             advances                   advances
                                                                           covered by                 covered by
                                                                         collateral or               collateral or
                                                                 Amount other security   Amount    other security
       Finance                                                    45,368           37     36,521               23
       Transportation, storage and postal services                36,248           21     30,814               19
       Property development                                       22,960           44     26,298               37
       Manufacturing                                              19,335           56     20,494               39
       Production and supply of electric power, heating
         power, gas and water                                     12,359            8      9,023               33
       Wholesale and retail                                       10,002           29      8,923               28
       Telecommunications, software and IT services                8,323           29     10,908               30
       Leasing and commercial services                             6,207           36      3,430               30
       Mining                                                      4,945           63      6,074               46
       Construction                                                  623           80      1,772               99
       Water, environment and public utilities management            419          100        110               40
       Others                                                      4,782           75      5,414               72
       Corporate loans and advances subtotal                     171,571           36    159,781               32
       Residential mortgage                                        8,671          100      9,383             100
       Credit cards                                                  133            –        124               –
       Micro-finance loans                                         1,278          100      1,181             100
       Others                                                     55,846           95     43,425              93
       Retail loans and advances subtotal                         65,928           96     54,113               94
       Gross amount of loans and advances to customers           237,499           53    213,894               47
314   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (continued)
             When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/category accounts for 10% or above of
             the total amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit
             impairment allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                    2023
                                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                                 (Lifetime ECL           – Stage 3
                                            Overdue loans    Impaired loans          – Stage 1    – not credit-     (Lifetime ECL
                                             and advances     and advances      (12-month ECL)       impaired) – credit impaired)
             Residential mortgage                   8,165               5,122            7,021           2,739                4,388
             Credit card                           29,910              16,383           26,666          19,179               15,562
             Micro-business loan                    5,269               4,592            9,130           1,649                3,793

                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                                  (Lifetime ECL             – Stage 3
                                             Overdue loans    Impaired loans         – Stage 1     – not credit-        (Lifetime ECL
                                             and advances      and advances     (12-month ECL)         impaired)   – credit impaired)
             Residential mortgage                   7,342               4,904            8,604           2,441                3,821
             Credit card                           31,413              15,650           26,255          19,383               14,665
             Micro-business loan                    4,582               4,031           11,180           1,839                3,640

             As at 31 December 2023, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
             held against impaired loans and advances is RMB3,810 million (31 December 2022: RMB3,206 million).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                    315
Annual Report 2023 (H share)



(H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                                 2023     2022
       Headquarters                                                             13,308   11,980
       Yangtze River Delta region                                                7,613    7,716
       Bohai Rim region                                                          4,863    4,051
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                                   5,342    4,619
       Northeast region                                                          1,433      967
       Central region                                                            5,307    5,239
       Western region                                                            4,538    3,653
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                                638      395
       Subsidiaries                                                              2,780    2,458
       Total                                                                    45,822   41,078



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                                 2023     2022
       Gross amount of loans and advances to customers which have been
         overdue with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                   11,476   15,379
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                                  11,598   11,290
         – over 12 months                                                       22,748   14,409
       Total                                                                    45,822   41,078
       As a percentage of total gross amount of loans and
         advances to customers:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                   0.17%    0.25%
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                                  0.18%    0.19%
         – over 12 months                                                       0.35%    0.24%
       Total                                                                    0.70%    0.68%
316   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2023 (H share)



      (H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
            (continued)

      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                               2023                         2022
             Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   17,141                      16,404
             Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                 28,681                      24,674
             Fair value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                47,613                      42,302

             The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions for more than 90 days as at 31
             December 2023 was RMB1 million (31 December 2022: RMB1 million).
             Note:   The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                     Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                     For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                     classified as overdue.

                     Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                     repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
                     limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                     The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
                     of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
                     realisation experience as well as market situation. Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to
                     the gross advance had been included in the “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (I)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                  2023                                        2022
                                                                                                          % of total                                  % of total
                                                                                                          loans and                                   loans and
                                                                                        Amount             advances                Amount              advances
             Renegotiated loans and advances to customers (Note)                          13,007                0.20%                12,076               0.20%
             Less:
               – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                   overdue more than 90 days                                                6,673               0.10%                 5,207               0.09%
               – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                   overdue less than 90 days                                                6,334               0.10%                 6,869               0.11%

             Note:   Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

             The amount of the Group’s renegotiated loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2023 was
             nil (31 December 2022: nil).



      (J) Non-bank the Chinese mainland exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Chinese mainland with its banking business primarily conducted
             in the Chinese mainland. As of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
             businesses with the Chinese mainland non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
             counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
We are here   Just for you
