H Share Stock Code : 03968
Preference Share Stock Code : 04614



                   Annual Report
China Merchants Bank          Contents                                           1
Annual Report 2021



Contents

2     Definitions
2     Significant Risk Warning
3     Important Notice
4     Chairman’s Statement
8     President’s Statement
13    Chapter I Company Information
18    Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
22    Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
      22     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
      22     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
      29     3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
      34     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
      40     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy
      43     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
      43     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
      44     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
      47     3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
      59     3.10 Business Operation
      81     3.11 Risk Management
      88     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
91    Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance（ESG）
104   Chapter V Corporate Governance
143   Chapter VI Important Events
150   Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
161   Chapter VIII Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank        Definitions / Significant Risk Warning
    Annual Report 2021



    Definitions

    The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants Bank:             CIGNA & CMAM:
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                  CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited
    The Group:                                                      CMB Europe S.A.:
    China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries                       China Merchants Bank (Europe) Co., Ltd. (招商銀行(歐洲)
                                                                    有限公司)
    CBIRC:
                                                                    CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
    China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                                                                    CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    CSRC:
                                                                    MUCFC:
    China Securities Regulatory Commission
                                                                    Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:
                                                                    China Merchants T-Bank:
    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                                    China Merchants T-Bank Co., Ltd. (under preparation)
    Hong Kong Listing Rules:
                                                                    CMB YunChuang:
    The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK
                                                                    CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
    CMB Wing Lung Bank:
                                                                    100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                                                    CMB Network Technology:
    CMB Wing Lung Group:
                                                                    China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
    CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries                         Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
                                                                    indirectly
    CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:
                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP:
    CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
    CMB International Capital or CMBIC:
                                                                    LLP (Special General Partnership)
    CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited
                                                                    SFO:
    CMB Wealth Management:
                                                                    Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
    CMB Wealth Management Company Limited                           Laws of Hong Kong)

    China Merchants Fund or CMFM:                                   Model Code:

    China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.                       Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                                                    Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange




    Significant Risk Warning

    The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
    Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
China Merchants Bank       Important Notice                                                                                   3
Annual Report 2021



Important Notice

1.    The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
      confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
      misleading statements or material omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such
      contents.
2.    The 37th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was convened on 18 March
      2022 by way of video conference. The meeting was presided by Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
      16 out of 16 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. 9 Supervisors of the Company were present at the
      meeting. The convening of the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s
      Republic of China and the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
3.    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors
      of the Company) have separately reviewed the 2021 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC
      Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Accounting Standards, and have separately issued
      standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
4.    Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this report are expressed in RMB.
5.    Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Tian Huiyu, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wang Liang, First
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Board of Directors, and Li Li, the person in
      charge of the Finance and Accounting Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness,
      accuracy and completeness of the financial statements in this report.
6.    The profit appropriation plan: it was proposed that 10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2021 of
      RMB109.794 billion, equivalent to RMB10.979 billion, would be allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while
      1.5% of the amount of the increased balance of the Company’s assets that bearing risks and losses at the end of
      the period, equivalent to RMB11.874 billion, would be appropriated to the general reserve. Based on the total share
      capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company
      will declare a cash dividend of RMB1.522 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose
      names appear on the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders
      of H Shares. The actual profit appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated based on the average benchmark
      rate for RMB to HKD published by the People’s Bank of China for the previous week (including the day of the
      shareholders’ general meeting) before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The retained profits will be
      carried forward to the next year. In 2021, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The
      above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the
      Company.
7.    We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
      results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
      “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
      are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
      forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
      prove to be correct. Therefore they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not place
      undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
      forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
      of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
      the actual results.
4   China Merchants Bank            Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2021



    Chairman’s Statement

    2021 is a milestone year in which the Communist Party of China celebrated its centenary, and China achieved its first
    centennial goal and geared into a new journey towards its second centennial goal. This year, China Merchants Bank
    thoroughly practiced quality development and achieved outstanding operating results. The Group realised net operating
    income for the year amounting to RMB331.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of 14.17%, and net profit attributable to
    shareholders of the Bank amounting to RMB119.9 billion, a year-on-year increase of 23.20%. With continued improvement
    of asset quality and constant reinforcement of ability to withstand risks, the Group recorded the non-performing loan
    ratio of 0.91% and the allowance coverage ratio of 483.87%. The cost-to-income ratio saw a “inflection point” for the
    first time since 2016. The operation efficiency improved significantly. The return on average equity (ROAE) and the return
    on average assets (ROAA) of the Group reached 16.96% and 1.36%, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of
    1.23 percentage points and 0.13 percentage point, respectively. In 2021, China Merchants Bank was selected as the “Best
    Bank in China” by Euromoney for the third consecutive year, which marked the first “3 Consecutive Championships” in its
    awarding history.


    “Business fortunes are closely bound up with national destiny.” China Merchants Bank’s healthy development and
    outstanding achievements epitomised vigorous development in China since the reform and opening up, a portrayal of
    reform and innovation of financial industry in the country, and the culmination of continuous efforts of the generations of
    CMBers by upholding their original aspiration, sticking to the “Two Consistent Principles”, and adhering to the concepts
    of marketisation, differentiation, innovative development and prudent risk management. We are grateful to the
    contemporary age and live up to its expectation. Standing at the historical intersection of the “two centennial goals”,
    and riding the tide of the times, we pay tribute to history and march toward the future.


    “Transformation will lead to flexibility, and thus lead to long-term success.” Only by continuously advancing
    transformation and reform can we therefore maintain our long-term market competitiveness and achieve a long-lasting
    foundation. The “Malik Curve” named after the European management scientist Fredmund Malik explains that enterprises gain
    new development space through transformation and reform, which not only fits our development process, but also brings us
    profound enlightenment. The first is that enterprises will gradually become mediocre or even disappear if the transformation
    and reform is not carried out in a timely manner; the second is to firmly make key strategic decisions during the strategic
    window; the third is that making key strategic decisions requires a strong sense of crisis and strategic insight; the fourth is
    that long-term and firm strategy execution is required. In 2021, on the basis of summarising the achievements and experience
    of the “13th Five-Year Plan” and in consideration of the operating environment in the new development stage of the nation,
    we formulated the “14th Five-Year” strategic plan, which highlighted the strategic vision of “building the best value creation
    bank with innovation-driven development, leading model and distinguished features”, put forward the China Merchants Bank
    3.0 model of “extensive wealth management, digital operation and openness and integration”, focused on the three capacity
    building of “wealth management, Fintech and risk management”, and thus making key strategic decisions at the strategic
    transition window and realising the “Malik Curve” of China Merchants Bank in the new era.


    “One who stands on tiptoes can’t stand firm, and one who strides can’t walk far.” We adhere to the general tune
    of making steady progress, and do not make progress blindly and do not rush for quick but short-term success. In 2021,
    we took a solid step towards the strategic vision of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and achieved a breakthrough in
    the “3.0 model”, assuming a good start. We adhere to the principle of “customer-centric” and focus on both assets and
    liabilities of the customer’s balance sheet to promote the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management. As of the end
    of 2021, the retail customer base exceeded 170 million, and total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers
    exceeded 10 trillion with an increment of more than RMB1 trillion again. The scale of assets under custody increased to
    nearly RMB20 trillion with the scale of assets under management exceeding RMB4 trillion1. We are highly open to the
    outside world and highly integrated internally. We vigorously promoted the construction of an open wealth management
    platform, built an ecosystem of wealth management, attracted 87 asset management institutions, and introduced high-
    quality products from the wealth management subsidiaries of 8 peer banks. We insisted on investing in Fintech, and
    continued to promote host cloud and application cloud, and our technical capabilities are among the best in the domestic
    financial industry in terms of natural language processing, knowledge graph and human-computer dialogue. We relied on
    technological capabilities to enhance service efficiency, leveraged on corporate digital services to achieve the rapid growth
    of corporate customer base, so as to highlight the characteristics and enhance the competitiveness of corporate business.
    At the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022, the digital RMB was successfully launched, and CMB officially became a
    digital RMB operating agency recognised by the central bank.

    1
           The scale of assets under management includes the total of asset management businesses of CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund, CMB
           International Capital and CIGNA & CMAM as of the end of the reporting period.
China Merchants Bank   Chairman’s Statement                  5
Annual Report 2021




                                              Miao Jianmin
                                              Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2021


    “Be well prepared to benefit all the people”. We are not only seeking business opportunities, but also planning
    for the nation. In 2021, we integrated into the overall situation of the development of the nation, thoroughly
    implemented ESG concepts, and actively fulfilled our corporate social responsibilities. We built the CMB Sunflower
    Sustainable Development Model, practiced financial charity, responded to climate changes, broadened the career platform
    for our employees, enhanced people’s well-being, elevated customer experience, and promoted sound governance. We
    supported the technological innovation of the whole society, served the technological self-reliance of the nation with
    finance, and nourished “specialised, competitive, distinguished, and innovative (專精特新)” enterprises with financial
    innovation as the “running water”. We actively assisted the implementation of national and regional major strategies
    and regional coordinated development strategies, and accelerated the creation of a “cross-border wealth management”
    service system. Adhering to the principle of inclusiveness, we served the development of the economy and the people’s
    livelihood, and used digital technology to improve the efficiency and coverage of financial services. As at the end of 2021,
    the balance of SME inclusive finance loans amounted to RMB601.1 billion, representing a faster growth rate than that of
    loans in general. We continuously improved and perfected the modern corporate system, and strived to promote quality
    development with high-quality corporate governance. We promoted and accelerated the development of green finance,
    clarified the strategic goal and implementation path of green finance, and increased efforts to promote innovation in
    the services and products of green finance. As at the end of 2021, the balance of green loans was RMB263.8 billion,
    representing an increase of 26.49% as compared with the beginning of the year. In 2021, China Merchants Bank’s MSCI
    ESG rating was upgraded to A. We assisted in the prevention and control of the pandemic and vigorously fulfilled our
    social responsibilities. In the election of the 11th China Charity Award of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, the Company won
    the “China Charity Award” for its outstanding contributions to the fighting against the pandemic. Yongren and Wuding,
    the two counties we helped with poverty alleviation, have been lifted out of poverty as scheduled. Nevertheless, we will
    continue to devote ourselves to effectively supporting the comprehensive revitalisation of the two counties.


    “Taking actions after well planning, and knowing our objectives and goals, we will thus know the direction and
    expectation of work, and will achieve perfection.” Under the impact of the pandemic unseen in a century, the changes
    unseen in a century have evolved at an accelerated pace, and the external environment has become more complicated,
    severe and uncertain. The domestic economic development faced triple pressures of shrinking demand, disrupted supply and
    weakening expectations. Under the changing circumstances, we had strong strategic confidence and strategic determination
    to deal with the situations calmly, and have always adhered to the “three constants” principles of the President assuming
    full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, the market-oriented incentive and restraint mechanism,
    and the stability of the management team and talents. We will continue to strengthen the implementation of strategies,
    take the enhancement of the “three capabilities in wealth management, Fintech and risk management” and building the
    3.0 model as major tasks in implementing the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and uphold quality development which integrates
    innovation, coordination, green finance, openness and shared development. We will grasp the dialectical relationship
    between “stability” and “advancement” by promoting “advancement” with “stability” and consolidating “stability” with
    “advancement”. We will continue to catch up with and outpace peers in the industry dispersion trend. We will handle the
    evolutionary relationship between “light” and “heavy” properly, strengthen the capital-heavy credit business and expand
    the capital-light wealth management business, and accelerate the transformation of the business model.


    – Insist on model transformation and focus on building wealth management capabilities. We will continue to
    expand our customer base, enhance our asset allocation for customers and product portfolio management, and become
    the “preferred” bank for clients’ wealth management. We will further push ahead with the “Original Aspiration Plan (初心
    計劃)”, focus on improving the experience of customers and employees, and systematically upgrade wealth management
    capabilities.


    – Insist on business transformation and focus on building Fintech capabilities. We will accelerate the full application
    of Fintech to support business transformation. We will as always support investment in Fintech, constantly adhere to the
    concept of fault tolerance, and encourage and support major, cutting-edge and disruptive Fintech innovations. And we will
    continue to carry out “independent innovation” and master “core technologies”.


    – Insist on quality development and focus on building risk management capabilities. We will build a cyclic extensive
    wealth management value chain in a light-capital way, and reasonably control the growth rate of risk-weighted assets. We
    will further improve our capability to asset allocation, strengthen the Group-wide unified risk management, continuously
    improve anti-money laundering and internal control compliance management, and increase efforts in the management and
    treatment of risky accounts.
China Merchants Bank        Chairman’s Statement                                                                             7
Annual Report 2021


– Insist on sustainable development and focus on fulfilling social responsibilities. We will implement the central
government’s policies to deal with the impact of the pandemic, improve the quality and efficiency of serving the real
economy, increase efforts to cultivate and support the “specialised, competitive, distinguished and innovative (專精特新)”
enterprises, and vigorously promote the development of inclusive finance by fully leveraging our Fintech advantages. We
will also focus on and support the development of green finance, optimise the risk management system of green finance,
and assist in the implementation of the State’s “peaking carbon dioxide emissions” and “carbon neutral” goals.


2022 is the year for the 20th National People’s Congress of the Party, and in which CMB will also celebrate its 35th
anniversary. Those who share common aspirations will win, and those who overcome challenges together will
prosper. We will unswervingly deepen model transformation and business transformation, and unremittingly enhance the
construction of “three capabilities” to create more value for customers, employees, partners, shareholders and society. We
will construct our own “Malik Curve” of model transformation, cross over the economic cycles to build a well-known brand
for a century and realise a long-lasting business.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Chairman




18 March 2022
8   China Merchants Bank              President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2021



    President’s Statement

    In 2021, China Merchants Bank strived to implement the new development concept, and once again paid tribute to the
    historical intersection of the “two centennial goals” by delivering quality development. ROAA and ROAE of the Group
    increased to 1.36% and 16.96%, respectively, asset quality was further improved, and the non-performing loan ratio
    returned to below 1%. More customers chose CMB as the principal bank for wealth management and corporate services.
    Total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers exceeded RMB10 trillion, and aggregate financing products to
    corporate customers (FPA) increased to nearly RMB5 trillion.


    2021 was the first year of CMB’s extensive wealth management, and the dream that “wealth management could knock on
    the door of every ordinary Chinese household” was gradually coming true. “Zhao Zhao Bao (朝朝寶)” linked up the main
    payment accounts and wealth management accounts, and lowered the threshold for wealth management so that young
    customers may get their first experience with wealth management. The open wealth management platform redefined the
    industry ecology and the logic of competitive and cooperative relationship. Our cyclic value chain of “wealth management –
    asset management – investment banking” operated efficiently, with the size of assets under management exceeding RMB4
    trillion, and the size of assets under custody increasing to nearly RMB20 trillion. The extensive wealth management income2
    for the year accounted for nearly 16% of the net operating income, becoming the key minority in our exploration of a new
    business model.


    Since the second half of the “Light-model Bank” transformation, we have been making unprecedented efforts to build a
    Digital Bank, enabling customers to enjoy the convenience of digitalisation in every process of customer services. We led
    organisational evolution with openness and integration and staged a “quiet revolution”. Hundreds of integration teams
    were active across organisational boundaries, breaking the walls between business lines as well as departments. Technology
    and culture are becoming two “wings” for the extensive wealth management, invisible but powerful.


    The 3.0 model was still an obscure concept three years ago when we proposed the exploration. After three years of hard
    work, we now see in front of us an increasingly clear outline – “extensive wealth management business model + digital
    operational model + open and integrated organisational model”, which is also the closest thing to what our ideal “Light-
    model Bank” would look like.


    The higher we climb, the more we see the greatness of mountains and the insignificance of ourselves. We can
    only address the uncertainties of global changes unseen in a century with the certainties of our own progress. China is
    undergoing “the grandest and most unique practice and innovation in human history”. Economic transformation and
    upgrading have converged with people’s desire for a better life. The cross-boundary application of technology and capital
    has blurred industrial and regional boundaries, and direct financing is increasingly becoming the mainstream.... Facing such
    changes, we are aware that we have not been fully prepared. Over the years, commercial banks have been committed to
    building a financial statement based on accounting standards, and endeavored to strike a balance in managing “risk, capital
    and business”. However, this statement narrows our focus to operating results instead of more diverse customer needs or
    more subtle problems faced by customers. Only by changing from managing merely “the bank’s financial statement” to
    managing also “the customers’ financial statements”, can we achieve quality growth while bringing value to customers.
    This is the core essence of CMB’s exploration of the 3.0 model.


    Therefore, the essence of the 3.0 model is to uphold our original aspirations. “Being customer-centric and creating value
    for customers” is our unchanging original aspiration and our most authentic values. The deviation and wavering of the
    value propositions at any time are the biggest obstacles on our way forward. Value propositions are not vague concepts.
    They are reflected in every consideration of our operation and management, as well as every choice we make when faced
    with dilemmas.




    2
        The income from extensive wealth management includes the fees and commissions from wealth management, asset management and custody businesses.
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                              9
Annual Report 2021


For returning to our original aspirations, we must first be closer to our customers. Banks have been challenged by
“the impossible trinity” of “serving large numbers of customers while maintaining quality offerings at limited costs” for
many years. At present, 0.17 billion retail customers and 2.32 million corporate customers have selected China Merchants
Bank, but most of them still remain underserved. If things go on like this, customers will eventually become an abstract
concept on the financial statement. The more socially alienated the era becomes, the more precious the warmth of “we
are here” is. We shall give full play to the advantages of “people + digitalisation”, and establish a 24/7 service network
consisting of “relationship managers + remote services + APP”, so as to shorten reach time, expand service radius and
enable China Merchants Bank to respond to you anytime, anywhere.


Getting closer to customers is to better understand them. China’s economy is experiencing an unstoppable rising trend
and has become a crucial force in the reconstruction of the global industry chain. In face of the new economies and the
new growth engine entities, we are still fresh learners who should remain in awe of the complexity of the business world,
proactively improve our industry knowhow through specialised operation and industry self-organisation, and seek to speak
the same language with more customers we serve, so as to achieve synergy. Likewise, under the “filter” of traditional asset
stratification, our observation of retail customers’ risk-return preferences is far from concrete. Responding to different
expectations of segmented customer groups will surely be the future of wealth management. We will attempt to perceive
customer preferences from more dimensions, to understand customers with not just big data, but also a human touch.


Creating value for customers requires a broader perspective on our professional capabilities. A large number of
rivals have emerged on the track of wealth management. Whoever leads in pivoting from “self-centric product sales”
to “customer-centric asset allocation” will be able to occupy the dominant position and build a real “moat” for wealth
management. From the standpoints of running businesses, it is increasingly difficult to regard multi-dimensional scenarios as
separate cases, namely sales, procurement, capital operation, digital transformation, industrial chain and investment chain
arrangements, retail banking needs of executives and employees, etc. We will put together our knowhow in investment
banking, commercial banking, private banking, technology, and research (“ICPT”) as a combined offering for customers,
creating an integrated and comprehensive service capacity that only CMB can deliver.


Today, the barriers between departments within banks have made it increasingly difficult to meet the needs of
customers for comprehensive services. The traditional bureaucratic system and regional profit centers of banks form
a “grid-like (井字狀)” block structure. Each business unit is confined in its own block with little understanding of the
bigger picture. Interests of different blocks, which make perfect sense in their separate ways, often become conflicted
and unreasonable when integrated at the customer level. Culture determines the success or failure of an organisation in a
subtle but real way. We took openness and integration as the methodology, attempted to address complex demands for
comprehensive services with a more flexible organisational formation, fix customers’ extended pain points on their industry
chain and investment chain, and offer the experience of “One CMB” to meet group customers’ needs with different CMB
branches across the country. We believe that this may be a key to solving the problem of “fallacy of composition (合成謬
誤)”.


Creating value for customers calls for a workforce that places “values above KPIs”. Some of our staff have long
been accustomed to strong performance orientation, and can do nothing without KPIs, which breeds short-termism,
parochialism and commercial opportunism. If everything we do is based on the KPIs, all the numbers will only become the
basis of next year’s tasks. However, if we do things in a customer-centric manner, all the efforts will become the basis for
future development. We believe that all truly great and inspiring things are created by self-motivated individuals. We’ve
made clear that values are the primary criterion for evaluating cadres, and attempted to exempt “KPI” appraisals for some
units, so that employees could find the meaning of work in creating value for customers while realising their own value.
Performance appraisal of large enterprises has always been a difficult problem. However, we must confront and solve the
problem, because business models determine how well we can develop, and value propositions determine how far we can
go.


Today, the symbiotic relationship between enterprises and the outside world is closer than any previous historical period.
People’s well-being is the cause and purpose of all wealth creation. CMB has the obligation and ability to assume greater
social responsibilities. We will infiltrate the ESG concept into our daily operation and management with greater efforts and
more resources. CMB will insist on common prosperity, use wealth to improve the well-being of people, make contributions
and play its role in the fields of rural revitalisation, education, environmental protection, etc., and serve as a bridge
connecting customers, employees and partners, connecting charitable activities with financial innovation and technological
empowerment, as well as connecting the commercial world with humanistic spirit.
10   China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2021




                                                    Tian Huiyu
                                                    President
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                             11
Annual Report 2021


Immanuel Kant said, “Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me.” To “connect”
the transformation and upgrading of the national economy with the people’s desire for a better life, and to forge the
new model of quality development, are “the starry sky” above us and “being customer-centric and creating values for
customers” are “the moral law” within us. CMBers firmly believe that if we live up to our original aspirations, our future
will not fail us.


35 years ago, CMB was born following the simple desire of people pursuing a well-off life. Today, we are honored to serve
people’s yearn for an even better life. Just as Su Bingtian focuses on speeding up every 0.01 second, we are also willing to
unwaveringly help everyone grow stronger and move towards a bright future.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
President




18 March 2022
12   China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2021




                                                    Xiong Liangjun
                                                    Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
China Merchants Bank        Chapter I Company Information                                                                    13
Annual Report 2021



Company Information

1.1 Company Profile
      1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
            Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.


      1.1.2 Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
            Authorised Representatives: Tian Huiyu, Wang Liang
            Secretary of the Board of Directors: Wang Liang
            Joint Company Secretaries: Wang Liang, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
            Securities Representative: Xia Yangfang


      1.1.3 Registered and Office Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China


      1.1.4 Mailing Address:
            7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
            Postcode: 518040
            Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
            Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
            E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
            Website: www.cmbchina.com
            Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
            Credit card complaint hotline: 400 820 5555-7


      1.1.5   Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong: 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong


      1.1.6 Share Listing:
            A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                       Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                       Stock Code: 600036
            H Shares: SEHK
                       Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                       Stock Code: 03968
            Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                          Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)
                                          Stock Code: 360028
            Offshore Preference Shares: SEHK
                                          Abbreviated Name of Shares: CMB 17USDPREF
                                          Stock Code: 04614
14   China Merchants Bank        Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2021


           1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                    Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Center, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                                    Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Zhu Wei, Wu Lingzhi
                 International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                         Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong


           1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: Jun He Law Offices
                 Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills


           1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
                 Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
                                                                         Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                                                                         Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                 Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
                 Registrar and Transfer Agent for Offshore Preference Shares: The Bank of New York Mellon
                                                                                      SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch


           1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
                  Mainland China: “China Securities Journal ” (www.cs.com.cn), “Securities Times ” (www.stcn.com),
                                   “Shanghai Securities News ” (www.cnstock.com),
                                   website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn),
                                   website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
                  Hong Kong:       website of SEHK (www.hkex.com.hk), website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
                  Place for maintenance of periodic reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company



     1.2 Corporate Business Overview
           Founded in 1987 with its Head Office in Shenzhen, China, the Company is a commercial bank with distinctive
           operating features and market influence in China. The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The
           Company’s distribution network primarily covers major cities in mainland China, as well as international financial
           centers such as Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. The Company was listed on
           Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2002 and the SEHK in September 2006.
           The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
           treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services of
           the Company have been widely recognised by consumers in China. Retail banking services include “All-in-one Card”,
           a multi-function debit card, credit cards, the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services,
           “All-in-one Net”, a comprehensive online banking service platform, CMB APP and CMB Life APP. Wholesale banking
           services include payment and settlement, investment and financing, cash management, supply chain financing
           and cross-border financing services, asset management, asset custody and investment banking. The Company
           continues to tap further into the living and business circles of customers for opportunities, and provide customers
           with customised, intelligent and comprehensive solutions for their marketing chains, industry chains and investment
           chains.
           The Company continued to deepen the “Light-model Bank” strategy and actively explore the 3.0 business model
           transformation. During the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, with the completion of the building of a well-off society,
           the constant increase in the percentage of financial assets of ordinary households, accelerated pace of industrial
           restructuring, the Company keeps up with the trend by striving to build the cyclic extensive wealth management
           value chain, linking the assets and funds of the entire society, and setting up a 3.0 business model with “extensive
           wealth management business model + digital operation model + open and integrated organisational model” as the
           core, so as to serve as a connector that links the transformation and upgrade of the national economy with the
           better life of the people.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information                                                                     15
Annual Report 2021


      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the core value of “customer-centric and creating value
      for customers”, maintained its strategic determination, and actively explored and improved the 3.0 model. The
      advantages of the business model of extensive wealth management were highlighted, the digital operation
      model was increasingly improved, the open and integrated organisation model continued to evolve, and the core
      competitiveness was further strengthened. At the same time, the Company actively responded to the national call
      for “peaking carbon dioxide emissions” and “carbon neutral”, and for common prosperity by accelerating the
      construction of a new responsibility system of “environment, society and governance” with characteristics of China
      Merchants Bank.



1.3 Development Strategies
      Strategic vision:             Adhering to our “Light-model Bank” strategic direction and strategic positioning of
                                    “One Body with Two Wings”, we are strived to become the “Best Value Creation
                                    Bank” with innovation-driven development, leading model and distinguished features.
      Strategic direction:          Adhering to our “Light-model Bank” strategy, we will continue to explore the
                                    development path in the weak cycle by focusing on “light asset, light operation, light
                                    management and light culture”.
      Strategic positioning:        Adhering to our strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, we will build us
                                    into “a leading retail bank, a professional corporate bank, and an open interbank” to
                                    promote the comprehensive integration of “One Body with Two Wings”, with an aim
                                    to improve the integrated operation mechanism, and form the flywheel effect among
                                    various parties.
      Strategic objectives:         Relying on the 3.0 development model, we target to become the best wealth
                                    management bank, the best Fintech bank, the best risk management bank, the bank
                                    offering the best customer experience and the most socially responsible bank.
      Core Value:                   Being customer-centric and creating values for customers.


      Development Strategies:
      Promoting the transformation of the extensive wealth management business model with customers as the
      center. Firstly, we are to transform the business concept with the customer as the center, from the perspective of
      our own balance sheet operation to the perspective of customer balance sheet operation, from the line operation
      model to the integrated operation model, and from the independent system operation model to the open system
      operation model. Secondly, we are to innovate and develop the extensive wealth management business model. Base
      on a cyclic customer chain formed by the entire customer base, we will build a product portfolio chain based on all
      our products, consolidate the asset and capital organisation chain with the entire market as resources, and build
      a regional development chain with the goal of collaborative growth. Thirdly, we are to form a cyclic value chain
      of extensive wealth management of “wealth management – asset management – investment banking” through
      comprehensive business synergy and open operation to achieve the flywheel effect.
      Promoting the upgrade of the operational model with comprehensive digital development. Relying on
      Fintech, focusing on online, data, smart, platform and ecological development, we will comprehensively promote the
      digital reshaping of financial infrastructure and capability system, customers and channels, businesses and products,
      management and decision-making.
      Driving evolution of organisational model with openness and integration. Firstly, we are to consolidate
      the cultural foundation of a “Light-model Bank” to create a light culture system featuring openness, integration,
      equality and tolerance. Secondly, we are to build the organisational foundation of a “Light-model Bank” to set up
      an efficient team with strong professional ability, high degree of openness and integration, and good employee
      experience, thus forging the organisational competitiveness of the 3.0 development model.
      Building a comprehensive risk and compliance management system that adapts to the 3.0 development
      model. Adhering to the customer-centric risk management concept, using Fintech as the tool, and taking a prudent
      risk appetite as a guarantee, we will create a “six all” risk management system covering all customers, all assets, all
      risks, all institutions, all processes, and all elements.
16   China Merchants Bank       Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2021



     1.4 Honors and Awards
           In 2021, the Company received a number of honors and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
           including:
           •      On the list of “The Top 500 Banking Brands 2021” released by The Banker (UK) in February 2021, the
                  Company ranked 10th with a brand value of USD21.044 billion.
           •      In June 2021, the Company won “Overall Best National Private Bank”, “Best Private Bank for Inter-
                  generational Wealth Transfer”, “Best Private Bank for Product Development” and “Best Private Bank for
                  Family Offices” at the ceremony for the “Asia Private Banking Awards 2021 (China)” held by Asiamoney.
                  In the same month, the Company was awarded the “Transaction Bank of the Year” and “Best Transaction
                  Bank for International Cash Management” at the ceremony for the “Best Transaction Banks in China Awards
                  2021” held by Asiamoney.
           •      In June 2021, the Company ranked 14th, in terms of tier 1 capital, on the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks
                  2021” released by The Banker (UK), up by 3 places from the previous year and maintained in top 20 for four
                  consecutive years.
           •      In July 2021, the Company received the award of “Best Bank in China” at the “2021 Awards for Excellence”
                  ceremony staged by Euromoney for the third consecutive year, which marked the first “3 Consecutive
                  Championships” in its awarding history.
           •      In July 2021, the list of Fortune China 500 was announced, on which the Company ranked the 37th in terms
                  of operating income. The following month, the list of Fortune Global 500 was officially released, on which
                  the Company appeared for 10 consecutive years, ranking the 162nd in terms of operating income, up by 27
                  places from the previous year.
           •      In September 2021, in the “Outstanding Companies Poll” organised by Asiamoney, the Company was
                  honored as the “Best Listed Company in the Banking Industry in China”. In the same month, the Company
                  won the “Best Corporate and Investment Bank” in a row and the “Best Domestic M&A” awards in the
                  selection of the “China Corporate and Investment Banking Awards 2021” hosted by Asiamoney.
           •      In September 2021, in the selection of the 11th China Charity Award, the Company was selected in the
                  “Commendation List for Outstanding Contributions in Fighting against the COVID-19 Pandemic” under the
                  donating enterprise category.
           •      In September 2021, the US “Global Finance” magazine released the results of the 2021 Sustainable Finance
                  Awards, and the Company won the “Outstanding Leadership in Sustainable Bonds in the Asia-Pacific Region”
                  award.
           •      In October 2021, the Company won the “Best Retail Bank in China” in “Asia Trailblazer 2021” hosted by
                  Retail Banker International.
           •      In October 2021, in the selection of “Dimensity Award 2021” organised by Securities Times, the Company
                  won the “High-quality Development (Comprehensive Award)”, “Golden Wealth Management Brand (Zhao
                  Zhao Bao)” and “Outstanding Asset Custody” award.
           •      In December 2021, the Company won “Top Three Best Employers”, “Most Socially Responsible Employer”
                  and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony for the “Best Employer in China 2021”
                  jointly organised by Zhaopin.com and Institute of Social Science Survey, Peking University.
Opening wealth management
platform
Safeguarding wealth in life
18   China Merchants Bank               Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2021



     Summary of Accounting Data
     and Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                                                         Changes
           (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                                  2021                    2020                   +/-%
           Operating Results
           Net operating income(1)                                                                       331,407                 290,279                     14.17
           Profit before tax                                                                             148,173                 122,440                     21.02
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                           119,922                  97,342                     23.20
           Per Share (RMB)
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank(2)                                                                                   4.61                    3.79                   21.64
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank                                                                                      4.61                    3.79                   21.64



                                                                                                 31 December              31 December                    Changes
           (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                             2021                     2020                       +/-%
           Volume Indicators
           Total assets                                                                               9,249,021               8,361,448                      10.62
             of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                                       5,570,034               5,029,128                      10.76
           Total liabilities                                                                          8,383,340               7,631,094                       9.86
             of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                               6,347,078               5,628,336                      12.77
           Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                        858,745                 723,750                      18.65
           Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank (RMB)(2)                                                              29.01                   25.36                    14.39

           Notes:

           (1)      Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of joint
                    ventures and associates.

           (2)      The Company issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and issued perpetual bonds in July 2020 and December 2021, all of which
                    were classified as other equity instruments. In addition, the Company paid dividends on the preference shares and interests on perpetual bonds
                    in 2021. Therefore, when calculating the indicators such as basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, return on average
                    equity attributable to ordinary shareholders and net assets per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, dividends on the preference shares
                    and interests on perpetual bonds were deducted from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares and
                    perpetual bonds were deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net assets”.

           (3)      In accordance with the “Notice on the Revision and Issuance of the Format of the Financial Statements of the Financial Enterprise for 2018”
                    (
                    《關於修訂印發2018年度金融企業財務報表格式的通知》                              ) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the interest on financial instruments accrued
                    based on the effective interest rate method shall be included in the balance of the relevant financial instruments, and shall be reflected in the
                    relevant items of the financial reports, and the “interest receivable” or “interest payable” item shall no longer be listed separately. The balance
                    of “interest receivable” or “interest payable” listed in the “other assets” or “other liabilities” item is only the interest receivable or payable
                    where the relevant financial instruments have expired but the interest has not yet been received or paid at the balance sheet date. Since the
                    2018 annual report, the Group has adjusted the financial statements and its accompanying notes in accordance with the above requirements.
                    Unless otherwise stated, the balances of the relevant items herein and set out below do not include the above interest on financial instruments
                    accrued based on the effective interest method.
China Merchants Bank                Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                19
Annual Report 2021



2.2 Financial Ratios
      (%)                                                                                              2021                     2020                   Changes
      Profitability indicators
      Return on average assets attributable to shareholders                                            1.36                      1.23        Increased by 0.13
        of the Bank                                                                                                                           percentage point
      Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                               16.96                    15.73         Increased by 1.23
        shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                            percentage points
      Net interest spread(1)                                                                           2.39                      2.40       Decreased by 0.01
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      Net interest margin(2)                                                                           2.48                      2.49       Decreased by 0.01
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      As percentage of net operating income
        – Net interest income                                                                         61.53                    63.74        Decreased by 2.21
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
            – Net non-interest income                                                                 38.47                    36.26         Increased by 2.21
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
      Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                         33.11                    33.33        Decreased by 0.22
                                                                                                                                              percentage point

                                                                                          31 December                31 December                  Changes over
      (%)                                                                                        2021                       2020                 2020 year-end
      Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach(4)
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                              12.66                    12.29         Increased by 0.37
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                   14.94                    13.98         Increased by 0.96
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                                          17.48                    16.54         Increased by 0.94
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      Equity to total assets                                                                           9.36                      8.73        Increased by 0.63
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
      Asset quality indicators
      Non-performing loan ratio                                                                        0.91                      1.07       Decreased by 0.16
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
      Allowance coverage ratio(5)                                                                   483.87                   437.68        Increased by 46.19
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
      Allowance-to-loan ratio(6)                                                                       4.42                      4.67       Decreased by 0.25
                                                                                                                                             percentage point

                                                                                                       2021                     2020                   Changes
                                                                                                                                            Decreased by 0.28
      Credit cost ratio(7)                                                                             0.70                      0.98        percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)       Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

      (2)       Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

      (3)       Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for
                insurance claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties and others.

      (4)       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio
                under the Weighted Approach were 11.17%, 13.19% and 14.71% respectively.

      (5)       Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

      (6)       Allowance-to-loan ratio = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.

      (7)       Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers × 100%,
                the average of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans
                and advances to customers at the end of the period)/2.
20   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2021



     2.3 Five-year Financial Summary
           (in millions of RMB)                               2021          2020          2019         2018        2017
           Results for the year
           Net operating income                            331,407       290,279       269,788      248,444     221,037
           Operating expenses                              116,879       102,814        91,497       81,110      70,431
           Impairment losses                                66,355        65,025        61,159       60,837      59,926
           Profit before tax                               148,173       122,440       117,132      106,497      90,680
           Net profit attributable to shareholders
             of the Bank                                   119,922        97,342        92,867       80,560      70,150
           (RMB)
           Per Share
           Dividend (tax inclusive)                           1.522        1.253          1.20          0.94        0.84
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                          4.61          3.79         3.62          3.13        2.78
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                          4.61          3.79         3.62          3.13        2.78
           Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                         29.01        25.36         22.89        20.07       17.69
           (in millions of RMB)
           Year end
           Share capital                                     25,220       25,220        25,220        25,220      25,220
           Total shareholders’ equity                       865,681      730,354       617,707       543,605     483,392
           Total liabilities                              8,383,340    7,631,094     6,799,533     6,202,124   5,814,246
           Deposits from customers                        6,347,078    5,628,336     4,844,422     4,400,674   4,064,345
           Total assets                                   9,249,021    8,361,448     7,417,240     6,745,729   6,297,638
           Total loans and advances to customers          5,570,034    5,029,128     4,490,650     3,933,034   3,565,044
           (%)
           Key Financial Ratios
           Return on average assets attributable to
             shareholders of the Bank                          1.36          1.23         1.31          1.24        1.15
           Return on average equity attributable to
             ordinary shareholders of the Bank                16.96        15.73         16.84        16.57       16.54
           Cost-to-income ratio                               33.11        33.33         32.08        31.04       30.21
           Non-performing loan ratio                           0.91         1.07          1.16         1.36        1.61
           Credit cost ratio                                   0.70         0.98          1.29         1.58        1.76
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
             the Advanced Measurement Approach                12.66        12.29         11.95        11.78       12.06
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
             the Advanced Measurement Approach                14.94        13.98         12.69        12.62       13.02
           Capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach                             17.48        16.54         15.54        15.68       15.48
21   China Merchants Bank   Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021



     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Consolidating corporate finance
     Assisting the development of
     real economy
     Enhancing the integrated services of ICPT to satisfy the
     diversified needs of enterprises
22   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021



     Management Discussion and Analysis

     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
           In 2021, the Group adhered to the concept of dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and
           Scale”, and continued to implement its strategic direction of “Light-model Bank” and the strategic positioning of
           “One Body with Two Wings” by carrying out various businesses in a sound manner. Both the net operating income
           and profit grew relatively rapidly, structure of assets and liabilities continued to be optimised, and asset quality was
           further improved.
           During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB331.407 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 14.17%; realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB119.922
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.20%; realised the net interest income of RMB203.919 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 10.21%; and realised the net non-interest income of RMB127.488 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 21.13%. The return on average asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of
           the Bank and return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.36% and
           16.96%, up by 0.13 percentage point and 1.23 percentage points year-on-year, respectively.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB9,249.021 billion, representing
           an increase of 10.62% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
           amounted to RMB5,570.034 billion, representing an increase of 10.76% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB8,383.340 billion, representing an increase of 9.86% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB6,347.078 billion, representing an
           increase of 12.77% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of non-performing loans of RMB50.862 billion,
           representing an decrease of RMB2.753 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
           loan ratio was 0.91%, down by 0.16 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           allowance coverage ratio was 483.87%, representing an increase of 46.19 percentage points as compared with the
           end of the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.42%, representing a decrease of 0.25 percentage point
           as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
     3.2.1 Financial highlights
           During the reporting period, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB148.173 billion, representing a year-on
           year increase of 21.02%. The effective income tax rate was 18.45%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.54
           percentage points. The following table sets out the changes in major income/loss items of the Group during the
           reporting period.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                       2021               2020           Changes
           Net interest income                                                     203,919            185,031             18,888
           Net fee and commission income                                            94,447             79,486             14,961
           Other net income                                                         29,011             22,881              6,130
           Operating expenses                                                     (116,879)          (102,814)           (14,065)
           Expected credit losses                                                  (65,962)           (64,871)            (1,091)
           Impairment losses on other assets                                          (393)              (154)              (239)
           Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                         4,030              2,881              1,149
           Profit before tax                                                       148,173            122,440             25,733
           Income tax                                                              (27,339)           (24,481)            (2,858)
           Net profit                                                              120,834             97,959             22,875
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                     119,922             97,342             22,580
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              23
Annual Report 2021


3.2.2 Net operating income
      During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB331.407 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 14.17 %. The net interest income accounted for 61.53% of the net operating income,
      and the net non-interest income accounted for 38.47% of the net operating income, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 2.21 percentage points.



3.2.3 Interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB327.056 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 6.39%, mainly due to the increase in interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and
      advances to customers continued to be the biggest component of the interest income of the Group.
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      In 2021, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was RMB250.662 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 6.17%.
      The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
      average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                  2021                                2020
                                                      Average    Interest    Average       Average    Interest    Average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance     income    yield (%)      balance    income     yield (%)
      Corporate loans                                2,095,664    80,575           3.84   2,024,891    80,575        3.98
      Retail loans                                   2,869,358   159,124           5.55   2,506,828   147,704        5.89
      Discounted bills                                 399,173    10,963           2.75     291,660     7,825        2.68
      Loans and advances to customers                5,364,195   250,662           4.67   4,823,379   236,104        4.89

      During the reporting period, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers
      of the Company, the average balance of short-term loans was RMB1,940.917 billion with the interest income
      amounting to RMB100.850 billion, and the average yield reached 5.20%; the average balance of medium-to-long
      term loans was RMB3,423.278 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB149.812 billion, and the average
      yield reached 4.38%. The average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium-to-long term loans,
      which was mainly attributable to the higher yield of credit card loans and micro-finance loans in short-term loans
      and the higher proportion of these loans.
      Interest income from investments
      During the reporting period, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB56.059 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 8.13%. The average yield of investments was 3.35%, representing a year-
      on-year decrease of 7 basis points, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the falling market interest rates.
      Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      During the reporting period, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and
      other financial institutions was RMB12.543 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.50%, and the average
      yield of balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions was 1.93%, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 2 basis points, which was primarily attributable to the year-on-year falling yield of balances and
      placements with banks and other financial institutions denominated in foreign currencies.
24   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.2.4 Interest expense
           During the reporting period, the interest expense of the Group was RMB123.137 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 0.61%.
           Interest expense on deposits from customers
           During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB84.332 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 1.30%. Under the circumstance where the deposits from customers grew
           rapidly, the Group continued to optimise its structure of deposits and imposed effective control on pricing, which
           contributed to a substantial decrease in the cost ratio of deposit.
           The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expenses and average cost ratios of the deposits from
           corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                       2021                                2020
                                                                                  Average                              Average
                                                           Average    Interest   cost ratio     Average    Interest   cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance    expense          (%)      balance    expense          (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
             Demand                                       2,396,802     21,873          0.91   1,964,687    17,052         0.87
             Time                                         1,485,640     39,854          2.68   1,496,594    42,746         2.86
             Subtotal                                     3,882,442     61,727          1.59   3,461,281    59,798         1.73
           Deposits from retail customers
             Demand                                       1,453,378      5,110          0.35   1,261,244     4,377         0.35
             Time                                           637,653     17,495          2.74     654,057    19,077         2.92
             Subtotal                                     2,091,031     22,605          1.08   1,915,301    23,454         1.22
           Total                                          5,973,473     84,332          1.41   5,376,582    83,252         1.55

           Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial
           institutions of the Group amounted to RMB18.083 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.81%, which
           was primarily due to the increase in the deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions.
           Interest expense on debt securities issued
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB12.532
           billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.47%, which was mainly due to the decrease in both daily average
           scale and cost ratio of interbank certificates of deposits issued.



     3.2.5 Net interest income
           During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB203.919 billion, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 10.21%.
           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
           assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                       2021                                2020
                                                           Average    Interest    Average       Average    Interest    Average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance     income    yield (%)      balance    income     yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                5,364,195   250,662           4.67   4,823,379   236,104         4.89
           Investments                                    1,672,594    56,059           3.35   1,513,824    51,843         3.42
           Balances with the central bank                   533,863     7,792           1.46     490,092     7,475         1.53
           Balances and placements with banks
             and other financial institutions              649,046      12,543          1.93    615,316     12,003         1.95
           Total                                          8,219,698   327,056           3.98   7,442,611   307,425         4.13
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    25
Annual Report 2021


                                                                             Average                                    Average
                                                      Average    Interest   cost ratio        Average       Interest   cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance    expense          (%)         balance       expense          (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                        5,973,473     84,332          1.41      5,376,582       83,252         1.55
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions             1,076,618     18,083          1.68       941,182        15,481         1.64
      Debt securities issued                           410,711     12,532          3.05       453,885        14,652         3.23
      Borrowings from the central bank                 276,773      7,635          2.76       282,976         8,413         2.97
      Lease liabilities                                 13,977        555          3.97        14,582           596         4.09
      Total                                          7,751,552   123,137           1.59      7,069,207      122,394         1.73
      Net interest income                                    /   203,919              /              /      185,031            /
      Net interest spread                                    /         /           2.39              /            /         2.40
      Net interest margin                                    /         /           2.48              /            /         2.49

      During the reporting period, the average yield of our interest-earning assets of the Group was 3.98%, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 15 basis points; the average cost ratio of our interest-bearing liabilities was 1.59%,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 14 basis points; the net interest spread and the net interest margin were
      2.39% and 2.48%, respectively, both representing a year-on-year decrease of 1 basis point.
      The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes
      in volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volume were measured by changes
      in average balances, while changes in interest rates were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
      changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in both volumes and interest rates have been
      included in the amount of changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in volume.
                                                                                       2021 compared to 2020
                                                                            Increase (decrease) due to             Net increase
      (in millions of RMB)                                                      Volume      Interest rate            (decrease)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                                              25,169            (10,611)            14,558
      Investments                                                                   5,276             (1,060)             4,216
      Balances with the central bank                                                  660               (343)               317
      Balances and placements with banks and
        other financial institutions                                                 663                  (123)             540
      Changes in interest income                                                   31,768            (12,137)            19,631

      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                                                       8,607                (7,527)          1,080
      Deposits and placements from banks and
        other financial institutions                                                2,226                  376             2,602
      Debt securities issued                                                       (1,303)                (817)           (2,120)
      Borrowings from the central bank                                               (184)                (594)             (778)
      Lease liabilities                                                               (24)                 (17)              (41)
      Changes in interest expense                                                   9,322                (8,579)            743

      Changes in net interest income                                               22,446                (3,558)         18,888
26   China Merchants Bank                Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expenses and annualised average yields/
           cost ratios of assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                               October to December 2021                July to September 2021
                                                                                    Annualised                            Annualised
                                                            Average      Interest     average      Average     Interest     average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)     balance       income     yield (%)     balance      income     yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                 5,549,219      64,921          4.64    5,400,330     63,204          4.64
           Investments                                     1,777,841      14,902          3.33    1,702,824     14,357          3.35
           Balances with the central bank                    545,610       1,979          1.44      518,982      1,919          1.47
           Balances and placements with banks
             and other financial institutions                639,506       3,348          2.08     631,111       3,183          2.00
           Total                                           8,512,176      85,150          3.97    8,253,247     82,663          3.97

                                                                                Annualised                            Annualised
                                                                                  average                               average
                                                            Average     Interest cost ratio        Average    Interest cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)     balance     expense        (%)         balance    expense        (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                         6,209,004      22,560          1.44    5,945,087     21,389          1.43
           Deposits and placements from banks
             and other financial institutions              1,044,468       4,396          1.67    1,101,292      4,693          1.69
           Debt securities issued                            437,500       3,302          2.99      426,539      3,183          2.96
           Borrowings from the central bank                  217,919       1,474          2.68      282,004      1,974          2.78
           Lease liabilities                                  13,932         137          3.90       13,249        127          3.80
           Total                                           7,922,823      31,869          1.60    7,768,171     31,366          1.60
           Net interest income                                      /     53,281              /           /     51,297             /
           Net interest spread                                      /          /          2.37            /          /          2.37
           Net interest margin                                      /          /          2.48            /          /          2.47

           In the fourth quarter of 2021, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.48%, up by 1 basis point; and its net
           interest spread was 2.37%, substantially the same, as compared to the previous quarter.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                 27
Annual Report 2021


3.2.6 Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB127.488 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 21.13%. The components are as follows:
      Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB94.447 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.82%.
      Among the fee and commission income, fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to
      RMB35.841 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.00%; fee and commission income from asset
      management amounted to RMB10.856 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 57.52%; income from bank
      card fees amounted to RMB19.377 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.89%; income from settlement
      and clearing fees amounted to RMB13.902 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.89%; the commissions
      from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB6.321 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      2.10%; commission income from custody businesses amounted to RMB5.433 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 27.75%; and income from others amounted to RMB10.588 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
      of 13.08%. For analysis of the reasons for changes in fee and commission income, please refer to “Net non-interest
      income” in 3.9 under this chapter.
      Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB33.041 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.25%,
      of which, net investment income amounted to RMB17.822 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.47%,
      mainly due to the increase in dividend of investments in non-monetary funds; net profit from fair value change
      amounted to RMB92 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1.752 billion, mainly due to the increase
      in profit of fair value change of investments in non-monetary funds; the net exchange gain amounted to RMB3.351
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 52.18%, mainly due to the increase in exchange gains arising from
      the foreign currency-denominated monetary items; and other income amounted to RMB7.746 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 27.86%, mainly due to the increase in income generated from operating leasing business of
      CMB Financial Leasing.
      In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB62.173 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 17.43% and accounting for 48.77% of the Group’s net non-interest income;
      the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB45.750 billion, representing a year-on-
      year increase of 15.12% and accounting for 35.89% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net non-interest
      income from other businesses amounted to RMB19.565 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 55.74% and
      accounting for 15.34% of the Group’s net non-interest income.
                                                                                                                                               Changes
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                           2021                   2020                  +/-%
      Fee and commission income(note)                                                           102,318                   86,684                   18.04
        Fees and commissions from wealth management                                              35,841                   27,783                   29.00
        Fees and commissions from asset management                                               10,856                    6,892                   57.52
        Bank card fees                                                                           19,377                   19,551                   –0.89
        Settlement and clearing fees                                                             13,902                   12,651                    9.89
        Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                      6,321                    6,191                    2.10
        Commissions from custody businesses                                                       5,433                    4,253                   27.75
        Others                                                                                   10,588                    9,363                   13.08
      Fee and commission expense                                                                 (7,871)                  (7,198)                   9.35
      Net fee and commission income                                                               94,447                  79,486                   18.82
      Other net non-interest income                                                               33,041                  25,762                   28.25
        Other net income                                                                          29,011                  22,881                   26.79
          Net investment income                                                                   17,822                  16,281                    9.47
          Net profit/(loss)from fair value change                                                     92                  (1,660)                    N/A
          Net exchange gain                                                                        3,351                   2,202                   52.18
          Other income                                                                             7,746                   6,058                   27.86
        Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                          4,030                   2,881                   39.88
      Total net non-interest income                                                             127,488                 105,248                    21.13

      Note:    Since the Annual Report 2021, the Group has adjusted the breakdown of fee and commission income. Among which, fees and commissions
               from wealth management include income from agency distribution of funds, income from agency distribution of insurance policies, income
               from agency distribution of trust schemes, income from agency sales of wealth management services, income from securities brokerage and
               income from agency distribution of precious metals. Fees and commissions from asset management mainly include the income from the
               issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds, wealth management and asset management plans of our
               subsidiaries, China Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management and CIGNA & CMAM. Commissions from custody
               businesses include income from basic asset custody services and value-added services. Others mainly include income from underwriting of debt
               and equity, income from service fees from securitisation of credit assets, income from consultancy and advisory services and income from other
               intermediate businesses.
28   China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.2.7 Operating expenses
           During the reporting period, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB116.879 billion, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 13.68%, among which staff costs amounted to RMB66.028 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 15.76%. Other operating expenses3 amounted to RMB50.851 billion, represent a year-on-year increase
           of 11.09%. The Group adhered to technology-enabled strategy, continuously increased its investments in Fintech,
           constantly reinforced its basic infrastructures, and dramatically forged ahead with the development of its digital
           operation model and capabilities. At the same time, the Group focused on refined cost management. On one hand,
           the Group continued to promote technology innovation to save traditional costs while strengthening the monitoring
           for input and output to continuously improve its resources efficiency; on the other hand, the Group took the
           initiatives to optimise costs and expenses to reduce traditional fixed expenses including office leasing and operating
           expenses, which refined the allocation of expenses and resources. During the reporting period, the Group’s cost-to-
           income ratio was 33.11%, representing a decrease of 0.22 percentage point as compared with the previous year.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                      2021                      2020
           Staff costs                                                                                            66,028                    57,040
           Depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                                                         14,519                    13,611
           Other general and administrative expenses                                                              33,249                    29,389
           Allowances for insurance claims                                                                           311                       296
           Taxes and surcharges                                                                                    2,772                     2,478
           Total operating expenses                                                                              116,879                   102,814



     3.2.8 Expected credit losses
           During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB65.962 billion, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 1.68%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                      2021                      2020
           Loans and advances to customers                                                                        37,020                    46,882
           Financial investments                                                                                  15,848                    15,367
           Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                 6,110                       307
           Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
              loan commitments                                                                                      5,639                     2,147
           Other                                                                                                    1,345                       168
           Total expected credit losses                                                                           65,962                    64,871

           The Group adopted the Financial Instruments Standards to make adequate allowances for credit risk losses by using
           the expected credit loss model and the risk quantification parameters such as the probability of customer defaults
           and the loss given defaults, after taking into consideration the adjustments in macro perceptiveness. During the
           reporting period, expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers of the Group were RMB37.020 billion.
           The expected credit losses of other assets other than loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB28.942
           billion. The expected credit losses of certain assets increased year-on-year, which was mainly because the Group,
           based on its judgments over the overall risk situation after taking into consideration the global pandemic and the
           uncertain and unstable economic situation at home and abroad, had made forward-looking and prudent provisions
           for the expected credit losses on businesses including inter-bank asset transactions and off-balance sheet contingent
           business to corporate customers to enhance its ability to withstand risks. In addition, during the reporting period,
           the Group had made allowances for credit losses of the back-to-balance sheet wealth management assets based on
           their risk profiles. For details of the back-to-balance sheet arrangement of wealth management assets, please refer
           to “The formation and disposal of non-performing assets” in 3.9 under this chapter.




     3
           Other operating expenses include depreciation, amortisation, leases, taxes and surcharges, allowances for insurance claims and various other
           administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                               29
Annual Report 2021



3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
3.3.1 Assets
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB9,249.021 billion, up by
      10.62% from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to
      customers and bond investments of the Group.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group. To
      maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.1 Assets” were still analysed on the
      statistical calibre excluding interest receivable, except for the following table, in which interest receivable calculated
      using the effective interest method was included.
                                                                                 31 December 2021                               31 December 2020
                                                                                        Percentage of                                         Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               Amount the total (%)                           Amount         the total (%)
      Total loans and advances to customers                                    5,580,885                    60.34            5,038,883                60.26
      Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)                              (245,494)                   (2.65)            (234,522)               (2.80)
      Net loans and advances to customers                                      5,335,391                    57.69            4,804,361                57.46
      Investment securities and other financial assets                         2,224,041                    24.05            2,130,889                25.48
      Cash, precious metals and balances with
         the central bank                                                         571,847                     6.18             546,416                 6.53
      Inter-bank transactions(2)                                                  799,372                     8.64             616,516                 7.37
      Goodwill                                                                      9,954                     0.11               9,954                 0.12
      Other assets(3)                                                             308,416                     3.33             253,312                 3.04
      Total assets                                                             9,249,021                  100.00             8,361,448              100.00

      Notes:

      (1)      The “allowances for impairment losses on loans” as at the end of the reporting period include the allowances for impairment losses of
               the principal and interest of the loans and advances to customers measured at amortised cost. The allowances for impairment losses of
               RMB1.581 billion were not deducted from the carrying values of the loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other
               comprehensive income. For details, please refer to Note 22(a) to the financial statements.

      (2)      Including deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts purchased under resale agreements.

      (3)      Including fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets and other assets.



3.3.1.1 Loans and advances to customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
      RMB5,570.034 billion, representing an increase of 10.76% as compared with the end of the previous year; total
      loans and advances to customers accounted for 60.22% of the total assets, representing an increase of 0.07
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers
      of the Group, please refer to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
30   China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.3.1.2 Investment securities and other financial assets
            The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
            denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
            The following table sets forth the components of investment securities and other financial assets of the Group by
            line items.
                                                                                    31 December 2021                           31 December 2020
                                                                                                 Percentage of                                Percentage of
            (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                           Amount         the total (%)                Amount          the total (%)
            Derivative financial assets                                               23,390                  1.06               47,272                  2.24
            Financial investments at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                      348,123                   15.82            495,723                   23.50
               – Bond investments                                                  176,764                    8.03            177,760                    8.43
               – Non-standardised credit asset investments                               –                       –            175,303                    8.31
               – Others(note)                                                      171,359                    7.79            142,660                    6.76
            Debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,169,652                   53.16          1,034,269                   49.02
               – Bond investments                                                1,078,888                   49.03            911,409                   43.20
               – Non-standardised credit asset investments                         129,851                    5.90            148,386                    7.03
               – Others                                                                620                    0.03                592                    0.03
               – Less: allowances for impairment losses                            (39,707)                  (1.80)           (26,118)                  (1.24)
            Debt investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                           628,355                  28.56             510,307                  24.19
            Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                      6,995                  0.32                7,139                  0.34
            Investments in joint ventures and associates                              23,654                  1.08               14,922                  0.71
            Total investment securities and
              other financial assets                                             2,200,169                 100.00           2,109,632                 100.00

            Note:    Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     31
Annual Report 2021


      Derivative financial instruments
      As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
      the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                   31 December 2021                           31 December 2020
                                                               Fair value                                 Fair value
                                           Notional                                   Notional
      (in millions of RMB)                  amount          Assets    Liabilities     amount           Assets     Liabilities
      Interest rate derivatives           2,641,846        11,877        (11,991)   3,303,805         12,568       (12,389)
      Currency derivatives                1,186,030        10,041        (14,054)   1,266,675         33,166       (36,221)
      Other derivatives                     139,931         1,472         (1,237)     145,190          1,538        (1,451)
      Total                               3,967,807        23,390        (27,282)   4,715,670         47,272       (50,061)

      The above table shows the notional value and fair value of the Group’s derivatives by their remaining maturity on
      each balance sheet date. The notional value refers only to the transaction volumes that have not yet been due or
      completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
      During the reporting period, RMB exchange rate experienced bilateral fluctuations with a slight appreciation against
      US Dollar. Being an inter-bank general market maker in the foreign exchange market, the Group was committed to
      improving the pricing level of foreign exchange derivative transactions, proactively providing liquidity to the market.
      At the same time, by continuously leveraging its expertise in derivative transactions in the financial market, the
      Group actively popularised and promoted the concepts and methods of neutral management of exchange rate risk
      to corporate customers with incomes and expenses denominated in foreign currencies and helped customers use
      derivative instruments to manage various market risks, as a result of which the Group achieved continuous growth
      in the number of customers served and the transaction volumes.
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      amounted to RMB348.123 billion, with bond and fund investments etc. being the major categories. The investments
      were made by the Group through an analysis of factors such as the macroeconomic, monetary and fiscal policies,
      the industrial policies and the market supply and demand, so as to obtain investment income by capturing trading
      opportunities in the market. During the reporting period, the funds remained stable and the yield of the bond
      market decreased with fluctuations. The Group proactively increased its positions in government bonds issued by the
      PRC government in early 2021 and held until the end of the year, resulting in satisfactory returns. For details, please
      refer to Note 23(a) to the financial statements.
      Debt investments at amortised cost
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments measured at amortised cost
      amounted to RMB1,169.652 billion. Among them, the bond investments were made mainly in the bonds issued by
      the PRC government and policy banks. This category of investments was held on a long-term basis for the strategic
      allocation of assets and liabilities of the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of bank
      accounts and liquidity management, while taking into account the benefits and risks. For details, please refer to
      Note 23(b) to the financial statements.
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
      income amounted to RMB628.355 billion, with interest rate bonds such as government bonds and policy bank bonds
      and medium-to-high rating quality credit bonds being the major categories. This category of investments was made
      by the Group through an analysis of the bond market, so as to obtain investment income by capturing investment
      and allocation opportunities in the market. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB6.995 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
      equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
      significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
32   China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
                                                                                                                        31 December                     31 December
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                2021                            2020
           Official authorities                                                                                               1,205,718                        943,029
           Policy banks                                                                                                         390,387                        347,814
           Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                                    168,483                        167,553
           Others                                                                                                               119,419                        141,080
           Total Bond investments                                                                                             1,884,007                     1,599,476

           Note:    “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the Central Bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                    enterprises.



           Investments in joint ventures and associates
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates amounted to
           RMB23.654 billion, up by 58.52% from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase
           in the investment of Taizhou Bank Co., Ltd. during this period and it was converted to be accounted as investments
           in associates, and the increase in profits of MUCFC, a joint venture of the Company. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group
           was zero. For details, please refer to Notes 25 and 26 to the financial statements.
     3.3.1.3 Goodwill
           In compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, at the end of the reporting period, the Group
           conducted an impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China
           Merchants Fund and other companies and determined that provision for impairment was not necessary for the
           reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment
           losses on goodwill of RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.



     3.3.2 Liabilities
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB8,383.340 billion,
           representing an increase of 9.86% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
           to the rapid growth in deposits from customers.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group. To
           maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.2 Liabilities” were still analysed on the
           statistical calibre excluding interest payable, except for the following table, in which interest payable calculated
           using the effective interest method was included.
                                                                                        31 December 2021                                31 December 2020
                                                                                                       Percentage of                                   Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 Amount          the total (%)                   Amount          the total (%)
           Deposits from customers                                                    6,385,154                    76.16             5,664,135                    74.22
           Inter-bank transactions(1)                                                 1,081,328                    12.90             1,009,846                    13.23
           Borrowings from the central bank                                             159,987                     1.91               331,622                     4.35
           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
              or loss and derivative financial liabilities                               91,043                      1.09              110,412                      1.45
           Debt securities issued                                                       446,645                      5.33              346,141                      4.54
           Others(2)                                                                    219,183                      2.61              168,938                      2.21
           Total liabilities                                                          8,383,340                   100.00             7,631,094                   100.00

           Notes:

           (1)      Including deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and amounts sold under repurchase agreements.

           (2)      Including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and
                    other liabilities.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                             33
Annual Report 2021


      Deposits from customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB6,347.078
      billion, representing an increase of 12.77% as compared with the end of the previous year. Deposits from
      customers, accounting for 75.71% of the total liabilities of the Group, were the major funding source of the Group.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
      and customer type.
                                                                  31 December 2021             31 December 2020
                                                                         Percentage of                    Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                Amount the total (%)         Amount      the total (%)
      Corporate customer deposits
        Demand                                                  2,652,817           41.80    2,306,134            40.98
        Time                                                    1,406,107           22.15    1,289,556            22.91
        Subtotal                                                4,058,924           63.95    3,595,690            63.89
      Deposits from retail customers
       Demand                                                   1,557,861           24.54    1,400,520            24.88
       Time                                                       730,293           11.51      632,126            11.23
        Subtotal                                                2,288,154           36.05    2,032,646            36.11
      Total deposits from customers                             6,347,078          100.00    5,628,336           100.00

      In 2021, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to that of the total deposits from
      customers of the Group was 64.45%, representing an increase of 4.45 percentage points as compared with the
      previous year. Of these, the daily average balance of corporate demand deposits accounted for 61.73% of that of
      the corporate deposits, representing an increase of 4.97 percentage points as compared with the previous year; the
      daily average balance of retail demand deposits accounted for 69.51% of that of the retail deposits, representing an
      increase of 3.66 percentage points as compared with the previous year.



3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was RMB858.745
      billion, representing an increase of 18.65% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which retained
      profits amounted to RMB428.592 billion, representing an increase of 15.75% as compared with the end of the
      previous year; investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB15.047 billion, representing an increase of 83.34%
      as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the valuation of financial assets
      measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as compared to the end of the previous year; foreign
      currency translation differences amounted to RMB-2.144 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.451 billion as
      compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in RMB exchange rate.
34   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021



     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
     3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
           The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                             31 December 2021                       31 December 2020
                                                                                                    Percentage of                                 Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      Amount the total (%)                   Amount         the total (%)
           Normal                                                                           5,472,563              98.25         4,934,797               98.12
           Special mention                                                                     46,609               0.84            40,716                0.81
           Substandard                                                                         17,490               0.31            14,760                0.29
           Doubtful                                                                            20,755               0.37            22,000                0.44
           Loss                                                                                12,617               0.23            16,855                0.34
           Total loans and advances to customers                                            5,570,034             100.00         5,029,128              100.00
           Non-performing loans                                                                50,862               0.91            53,615                1.07

           Note:        Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss
                        loans.


           During the reporting period, the quality of assets of the Group was generally stable. As at the end of the reporting
           period, both the balance and percentage of the Group’s non-performing loans decreased from the end of the
           previous year. Of these, the balance of the non-performing loans amounted to RMB50.862 billion, representing a
           decrease of RMB2.753 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio of
           0.91%, a decrease of 0.16 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of the
           special-mentioned loans amounted to RMB46.609 billion, representing an increase of RMB5.893 billion as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the percentage of special-mentioned loans was 0.84%, representing an increase
           of 0.03 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of the special-mentioned loans
           and the percentage of special-mentioned loans both increased were mainly because the timing of recognising credit
           card loans as overdue loans was set earlier by the Company from the next billing date to the repayment deadline
           for this bill, and the Company further adjusted all its loans granted to retail borrowers with overdue or other risk
           indicators inside and outside the Bank to special-mentioned loans in strict accordance with regulatory requirements.



     3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                                         31 December 2021                                      31 December 2020
                                                                                                       Non-                                                   Non-
                                                          Loan and    Percentage          Non-   Performing     Loan and    Percentage           Non-   Performing
                                                           advance         of the   performing    loan ratio     advance         of the    performing    loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan         (%)(1)    balance      total (%)          loan         (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                                2,150,938        38.62        26,732          1.24    2,017,232        40.11        31,858           1.58
             Working capital loans                          729,999        13.11        16,755          2.30      744,220        14.80        22,333           3.00
             Fixed asset loans                              821,259        14.74         7,267          0.88      702,892        13.98         5,412           0.77
             Trade finance                                  257,428         4.63           397          0.15      212,786         4.23         1,010           0.47
             Others(2)                                      342,252         6.14         2,313          0.68      357,334         7.10         3,103           0.87
           Discounted bills(3)                              431,305         7.74             –             –      330,736         6.58             –              –
           Retail loans                                   2,987,791        53.64        24,130          0.81    2,681,160        53.31        21,757           0.81
             Micro-finance loans                            561,871        10.09         3,500          0.62      475,728         9.46         3,026           0.64
             Residential mortgage loans                   1,374,406        24.68         3,821          0.28    1,274,815        25.35         3,759           0.29
             Credit card loans                              840,371        15.09        13,846          1.65      746,687        14.85        12,424           1.66
             Others(4)                                      211,143         3.78         2,963          1.40      183,930         3.65         2,548           1.39
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                    5,570,034       100.00        50,862          0.91    5,029,128       100.00        53,615           1.07

           Notes:

           (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)          Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

           (3)          The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

           (4)          Consists primarily of general consumer loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other
                        personal loans secured by monetary assets.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                        35
Annual Report 2021


      With regard to corporate loans, the Group steadily advanced the development of business such as project financing,
      supply chain financing and trade financing, maintaining the general stability of asset quality. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the percentage of corporate loans was 38.62%, representing a decrease of 1.49 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the decrease in the proportion of working capital
      loans. The non-performing corporate loans amounted to RMB26.732 billion, down by RMB5.126 billion as compared
      with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing ratio of corporate loans was 1.24%, down by 0.34
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      With regard to retail loans, the Group actively improved the quality and efficiency of financial services for small-
      and micro-sized enterprises to ensure credit support for them; strictly implemented the national and regional
      supervision policies on mortgage loan business, focused on meeting the housing mortgage needs of customers
      with rigid housing demand and upgraders; strengthened the management of consumer loans, strictly abided by the
      bottom line of loan usage, and focused on supporting the legitimate comprehensive consumption and upgrading
      consumption of individuals or families; and prudently promoted the development of the credit card business and
      highlighted value-based customer operations. As at the end of the reporting period, the proportion of retail loans
      was 53.64%, representing an increase of 0.33 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the
      balance of non-performing loans amounted to RMB24.130 billion, up by RMB2.373 billion as compared with the
      end of the previous year, mainly due to the adjustment to timing of recognising the Company’s credit card loans as
      overdue loans and downgrading adverse effect of the Company’s retail loans with more than 60 days overdue; and
      the non-performing loan ratio was 0.81%, which was flat as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
      which, the balance of non-performing credit card loans amounted to RMB13.846 billion, up by RMB1.422 billion as
      compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing ratio of credit card loans was 1.65%, down by
      0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.



3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                    31 December 2021                                        31 December 2020
                                                                                                   Non-                                                     Non-
                                                     Loan and    Percentage          Non-    Performing     Loan and      Percentage          Non-    Performing
                                                      advance         of the   performing     loan ratio     advance           of the   performing     loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan          (%)(1)    balance        total (%)         loan          (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                                2,150,938        38.62        26,732           1.24    2,017,232          40.11        31,858           1.58
        Transportation, storage and
           postal services                            445,603          8.00         2,945           0.66     412,424            8.20         3,489           0.85
        Property development                          401,704          7.21         5,655           1.41     390,792            7.77         1,190           0.30
        Manufacturing                                 333,398          5.99         6,871           2.06     283,135            5.63        10,057           3.55
        Production and supply of
           electric power, heat,
           gas and water                              194,688          3.50           658           0.34     170,413            3.39           842           0.49
        Leasing and commercial services               174,758          3.14         4,054           2.32     155,028            3.08         6,227           4.02
        Wholesale and retail                          147,272          2.64         3,726           2.53     149,775            2.98         6,361           4.25
        Finance                                        95,333          1.71            90           0.09     114,294            2.27           239           0.21
        Construction                                  120,934          2.17           569           0.47     103,619            2.06           890           0.86
        Information transmission,
           software and IT service                     65,994          1.18            235          0.36      64,135            1.28           824           1.28
        Water conservancy,
           environment and
           public utilities                             65,248         1.17           175           0.27       55,294           1.10           145           0.26
        Mining                                          34,505         0.62           786           2.28       40,676           0.81           783           1.92
        Others(2)                                       71,501         1.29           968           1.35       77,647           1.54           811           1.04
      Discounted bills                                 431,305         7.74             –              –      330,736           6.58             –              –
      Retail loans                                   2,987,791        53.64        24,130           0.81    2,681,160          53.31        21,757           0.81
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    5,570,034       100.00        50,862           0.91    5,029,128         100.00        53,615           1.07

      Notes:

      (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)          Consists primarily of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.
36   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           The Group adhered to the principle of “financial institutions serving the real economy”, kept abreast with the
           development trend of national economic transformation, resolutely implemented the requirements of national
           policies, and invested credit resources in new growth engines, high-quality manufacturing, regional competitive
           industries and self-controllable industries to further accelerate the restructuring of customers and assets. At the same
           time, the Group closely tracked changes in internal and external situations, and strengthened risk prevention and
           control in key areas such as property development, local government financing platforms and industries under close
           surveillance. During the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of industries such as mining, culture, sports
           and entertainment, and property development increased due to the risk exposures of some small- and medium-sized
           companies with poor development prospects and high-debt real estate enterprises.



     3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                         31 December 2021                                      31 December 2020
                                                                                                       Non-                                                   Non-
                                                          Loan and    Percentage          Non-   Performing     Loan and    Percentage           Non-   Performing
                                                           advance         of the   performing    loan ratio     advance         of the    performing    loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan         (%)(1)    balance      total (%)          loan         (%)(1)
           Head Office(2)                                   910,281        16.35        17,862          1.96      858,197        17.06        17,325           2.02
           Yangtze River Delta                            1,200,571        21.55         7,436          0.62    1,037,683        20.63         7,634           0.74
           Bohai Rim                                        719,187        12.91         4,479          0.62      633,008        12.59         6,942           1.10
           Pearl River Delta and West Side
             of Taiwan Strait                             1,007,513        18.09         6,358          0.63     882,726         17.56         6,555           0.74
           North-eastern China                              168,974         3.03         2,354          1.39     166,632          3.31         3,772           2.26
           Central China                                    569,787        10.23         5,766          1.01     510,537         10.15         4,247           0.83
           Western China                                    581,820        10.45         4,275          0.73     512,103         10.18         4,640           0.91
           Overseas                                          94,153         1.69           218          0.23     129,020          2.57           342           0.27
           Subsidiaries                                     317,748         5.70         2,114          0.67     299,222          5.95         2,158           0.72
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                    5,570,034       100.00        50,862          0.91    5,029,128       100.00        53,615           1.07

           Notes:

           (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)          The Head Office includes Credit Card Center.


           During the reporting period, closely following the key directions of the State’s regional planning outline, taking
           into account the actual situation and characteristics of the regions, and featuring differentiation, the Group made
           research and formulated differentiated credit policies for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area and
           Yangtze River Delta to promote the high-quality asset allocation of branches in key regions and intensify support-
           oriented efforts. At the same time, on the basis of controllable risks, the branches were authorised and equipped
           with corresponding monitoring mechanisms to implement differentiated management and control and cautiously
           prevent regional systemic risks. As at the end of the reporting period, there has been an increase in the proportion
           of the balance of loans extended to Yangtze River Delta, Bohai Rim, Pearl River Delta and West Side of Taiwan
           Strait, and Western China increased. Due to the formation of non-performing loans in certain large-sized corporate
           customers, the non-performing loan ratio of Central China increased by 0.18 percentage point as compared with
           the end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio of other regions decreased as compared with the
           end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            37
Annual Report 2021


3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                    31 December 2021                                             31 December 2020
                                                                                                   Non                                                         Non-
                                                     Loan and    Percentage          Non-   Performing          Loan and      Percentage          Non-   Performing
                                                      advance         of the   performing    loan ratio          advance           of the   performing    loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan       (%)(note)        balance        total (%)         loan       (%)(note)
      Credit loans                                   1,977,014        35.51        19,861           1.00       1,758,502           34.97       18,725           1.06
      Guaranteed loans                                 752,744        13.51        13,272           1.76         696,634           13.85       16,201           2.33
      Collateralised loans                           2,075,639        37.26        12,684           0.61       1,914,658           38.07       13,544           0.71
      Pledged loans                                    333,332         5.98         5,045           1.51         328,598            6.53        5,145           1.57
      Discounted bills                                 431,305         7.74             –              –         330,736            6.58            –              –
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    5,570,034       100.00        50,862           0.91       5,029,128         100.00        53,615           1.07

      Note:        Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s collateralised and pledged loans increased by 7.39% as compared
      with the end of the previous year; guaranteed loans increased by 8.05% as compared with the end of the previous
      year, and the credit loans increased by 12.43% as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
      ratio of loans with all types of guarantee decreased as compared with the end of the previous year.



3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                            of net capital
                                                                                                Loan balance                   (under the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                      as at                   Advanced         Percentage of
      Top ten                                                                                   31 December                 Measurement         total loans and
      borrowers               Industry                                                                  2021               Approach) (%)          advances (%)
      A                       Transportation, storage and postal services                                    19,809                     2.04                  0.36
      B                       Finance                                                                        19,118                     1.96                  0.34
      C                       Property development                                                           14,890                     1.53                  0.27
      D                       Transportation, storage and postal services                                    12,904                     1.33                  0.23
      E                       Transportation, storage and postal services                                    12,000                     1.23                  0.22
      F                       Transportation, storage and postal services                                    11,336                     1.16                  0.20
      G                       Property development                                                           10,756                     1.11                  0.19
      H                       Production and supply of electric power,                                        9,000                     0.92                  0.16
                                 heating power, gas and water
      I                       Manufacturing industry                                                          8,635                     0.89                  0.16
      J                       Transportation, storage and postal services                                     8,425                     0.87                  0.15
      Total                                                                                                 126,873                    13.04                  2.28

      As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
      RMB19.809 billion, representing 2.04% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
      The loan balance of the top ten single borrowers totalled RMB126.873 billion, representing 13.04% of the Group’s
      net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 13.68% of the Group’s net capital under the Weighted
      Approach, and 2.28% of the Group’s total loan balance, respectively.
38   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                            31 December 2021              31 December 2020
                                                                           Loan and    Percentage        Loan and    Percentage
                                                                            advance       of total        advance       of total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                     balance     loans (%)         balance     loans (%)
           Overdue within 3 months                                            22,327         0.40          15,584         0.31
           Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                 16,339         0.29          20,112         0.40
           Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                  10,849         0.19          15,473         0.31
           Overdue more than 3 years                                           7,911         0.14           5,399         0.10
           Total overdue loans                                                57,426         1.02          56,568         1.12
           Total loans and advances to customers                           5,570,034       100.00       5,029,128       100.00

           As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB57.426 billion, up by RMB858
           million from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.02% of its total loans, representing a decrease
           of 0.10 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Due to the adjustment to timing of
           recognising credit card loans as overdue loans, the balance of loans overdue within 3 months increased by
           RMB6.743 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and its percentage of total loans increased by
           0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among the overdue loans, collateralised and
           pledged loans accounted for 28.69%; guaranteed loans accounted for 15.10%; credit loans accounted for 56.21%
           (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent classification criteria for
           overdue loans, and the ratio of its non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 90 days was 1.45.



     3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                            31 December 2021              31 December 2020
                                                                                       Percentage                    Percentage
                                                                                          of total                      of total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                 Loan balance    loans (%)     Loan balance    loans (%)
           Restructured loans (note)                                          16,517           0.30        24,878            0.49
           Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
             90 days                                                          10,406           0.19        15,169            0.30

           Note:    Represents the restructured non-performing loans.


           The Group imposed strict and prudent control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.30%, down by 0.19 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                           39
Annual Report 2021


3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
      the Group amounted to RMB654 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB141 million, the
      net carrying value amounted to RMB513 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
      RMB1.956 billion.



3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
      The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances of the
      Group.
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                                               2021                     2020
      Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                     234,664                    223,097
      Charge/release for the period                                                                                   37,020                     46,882
      Unwinding of discount on impaired loans and advances(note)                                                        (247)                      (186)
      Recovery of loans and advances previously written off                                                            9,893                      8,781
      Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                             (35,105)                   (43,734)
      Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                   (121)                      (176)
      Balance as at the end of the period                                                                            246,104                    234,664

      Note:    Represents the amortised cost on impaired loans as a result of the increase in their present value due to the passage of time.


      The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB246.104
      billion, representing an increase of RMB11.440 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
      coverage ratio was 483.87%, representing an increase of 46.19 percentage points as compared with the end of
      the previous year; and the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.42%, representing a decrease of 0.25 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
40   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021



     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy
     3.5.1 Capital adequacy ratio
           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 12.66%, 14.94% and
           17.48% respectively, representing an increase of 0.37, 0.96 and 0.94 percentage point respectively as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                      Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                    the end of the current
                                                                                                                                         year as compared
                                                                                     31 December               31 December             with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                     2021                      2020               previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Advanced Measurement Approach(1)
           Net core tier-1 capital                                                           704,337                 610,092                              15.45
           Net tier-1 capital                                                                831,380                 694,184                              19.76
           Net capital                                                                       972,606                 821,290                              18.42
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements during
             the parallel run period)                                                     5,037,500               4,298,888                               17.18
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                        4,441,186               3,731,603                               19.02
                         Market risk weighted assets                                         60,296                  75,595                              -20.24
                         Operational risk weighted assets                                   536,018                 491,690                                9.02
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
             floor requirements during the parallel run period)                           5,563,724               4,964,542                          12.07
           Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                               12.66%                  12.29%                Increased by 0.37
                                                                                                                                           percentage point
           Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                     14.94%                  13.98%               Increased by 0.96
                                                                                                                                           percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                            17.48%                  16.54%               Increased by 0.94
                                                                                                                                           percentage point
           Information on leverage ratio(2)
           Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and
             off-balance sheet assets                                                    10,394,899               9,395,026                          10.64
                                                                                                                                          Increased by 0.61
           Leverage ratio                                                                      8.00%                   7.39%               percentage point

           Notes:

           (1)      The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
                    (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement
                    Approach, the scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries.
                    The scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and
                    subbranches of China Merchants Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy
                    ratio included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund,
                    CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Europe S.A. During the parallel run period when the advanced capital measurement approaches were implemented,
                    a commercial bank shall use the capital floor adjustment coefficients to adjust the amount of its risk-weighted assets multiplying the sum
                    of its minimum capital requirement and reserve capital requirement, total amount of capital deductions and the provision for excessive loan
                    loss which can be included into capital. The capital floor adjustment coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively in the first year,
                    the second year, and the third and subsequent years during the parallel run period. 2021 is the seventh year since the implementation of the
                    parallel run period.

           (2)      Since 2015, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks
                    (Revised)” promulgated by the former CBRC on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 7.42%, 7.15% and 7.40% respectively
                    as at the end of the third quarter of 2021, the end of the first half of 2021 and the end of the first quarter of 2021.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                         41
Annual Report 2021


      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 12.15%, 14.59% and
      17.23% respectively, representing an increase of 0.34, 0.97 and 0.94 percentage point respectively as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                                          Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                        the end of the current
                                                                                                                             year as compared
                                                                            31 December             31 December            with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 2021                    2020              previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Advanced Measurement Approach
      Net core tier-1 capital                                                      617,403                532,209                            16.01
      Net tier-1 capital                                                           741,627                613,444                            20.90
      Net capital                                                                  875,859                734,022                            19.32
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
        consideration the floor requirements
        during the parallel run period)                                          4,530,952              3,848,927                            17.72
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                    4,002,933              3,336,234                            19.98
                    Market risk weighted assets                                     39,049                 62,535                           -37.56
                    Operational risk weighted assets                               488,970                450,158                             8.62
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
        floor requirements during the parallel run period)                       5,082,896              4,505,299                        12.82
      Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                           12.15%                 11.81%              Increased by 0.34
                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 14.59%                13.62%              Increased by 0.97
                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                        17.23%                16.29%              Increased by 0.94
                                                                                                                               percentage point



      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
      and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 11.17%, 13.19% and 14.71%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.49, 1.03 and 0.92 percentage point respectively as compared with the
      end of the previous year.
      The Group
                                                                                                                          Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                        the end of the current
                                                                                                                             year as compared
                                                                            31 December             31 December            with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 2021                    2020              previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Weighted Approach (note)
      Net core tier-1 capital                                                      704,337                610,092                        15.45
      Net tier-1 capital                                                           831,380                694,184                        19.76
      Net capital                                                                  927,277                787,438                        17.76
      Risk-weighted assets                                                       6,303,544              5,710,544                        10.38
      Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                           11.17%                 10.68%              Increased by 0.49
                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 13.19%                12.16%              Increased by 1.03
                                                                                                                              percentage points
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                        14.71%                13.79%              Increased by 0.92
                                                                                                                               percentage point

      Note:    The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Measurement Approach for market risk and
               the Basic Indicator Approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
               (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
42   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 10.60%, 12.73% and 14.26%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.48, 1.06 and 0.95 percentage point respectively as compared with the
           end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                               Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                             the end of the current
                                                                                                                  year as compared
                                                                               31 December     31 December      with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               2021            2020        previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Weighted Approach
           Net core tier-1 capital                                                   617,403       532,209                    16.01
           Net tier-1 capital                                                        741,627       613,444                    20.90
           Net capital                                                               830,529       700,171                    18.62
           Risk-weighted assets                                                    5,824,290     5,258,694                    10.76
           Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                        10.60%        10.12%          Increased by 0.48
                                                                                                                    percentage point
           Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                              12.73%       11.67%          Increased by 1.06
                                                                                                                   percentage points
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                     14.26%       13.31%          Increased by 0.95
                                                                                                                    percentage point



     3.5.2 Balance of credit risk exposures
           During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the Internal Ratings-based Approach (IRB
           approach) was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail,
           shareholding and others. As at the end of the reporting period, the balances of various risk exposures are as follows.
                                                                                                         31 December 2021
           (in millions of RMB)                  Type of risk exposure                              Legal person             Group
           Portion covered by                    Financial institution                                 1,378,969          1,378,969
             the IRB approach                    Corporate                                             2,127,347          2,127,347
                                                 Retail                                                3,789,714          3,789,714
                                                    Of which: Residential mortgage                     1,368,280          1,368,280
                                                               Qualified revolving retail              1,860,320          1,860,320
                                                               Other retail                              561,114            561,114
           Portion not covered by                On-balance sheet                                      3,303,130          3,723,921
             the IRB approach                    Off-balance sheet                                       149,821            163,170
                                                 Counterparty                                             13,886             14,631



     3.5.3 Measurement of market risk capital
           The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital requirement. Specifically, it uses the Internal
           Model-based Approach to calculate the general market risk capital requirement of the Company (excluding
           overseas branches), and uses the Standardised Measurement Approach to calculate the general market risk capital
           requirement of overseas branches and subsidiaries of the Company as well as the specific market risk capital
           requirement of the Company and its subsidiaries. As at the end of the reporting period, the market risk-weighted
           assets of the Group were RMB60.296 billion, and market risk capital requirement was RMB4.824 billion, of which
           the general market risk capital requirement calculated under the Internal Model-based Approach was RMB2.384
           billion, and the market risk capital requirement calculated under the Standardised Measurement Approach was
           RMB2.440 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  43
Annual Report 2021


      The Group’s market risk capital requirement under the Internal Model-based Approach was calculated using the
      market risk value based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding
      period of 10 days. The following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the
      reporting period.
                                                                                              31 December 2021
                                                                                             Distressed           General
                                                                                           market risk        market risk
                                                                                          value during       value during
      (in millions of RMB)                                                               the reporting      the reporting
      No.                          Items                                                         period            period
      1                            Average value                                                   547                423
      2                            Maximum value                                                   823                677
      3                            Minimum value                                                   370                151
      4                            Value at the end of the period                                  437                168



3.6 Results of Operating Segments
      The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
      summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                     2021                                 2020
      Items                                                    Profit Net operating               Profit     Net operating
      (in millions of RMB)                                 before tax       income            before tax           income
      Retail finance                                           77,709          179,014           63,834           156,288
      Wholesale finance                                        63,588          133,895           55,437           122,029
      Other businesses                                          6,876           18,498            3,169            11,962
      Total                                                   148,173          331,407          122,440           290,279

      During the reporting period, the profit before tax of retail finance of the Group amounted to RMB77.709 billion, up
      by 21.74% year-on-year, accounting for 52.44% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 0.31 percentage point; the net operating income amounted to RMB179.014 billion, up by 14.54% year-
      on-year, accounting for 54.02% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a year-on-year increase
      of 0.18 percentage point. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance was 33.43%,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.22 percentage points.
      For details of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial statements.



3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
      financial position and operating results and the related information
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent
      liabilities. Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, operating leasing commitments,
      capital expenditure commitments, securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments,
      pending litigations and disputes and other contingent liabilities. Among which, the credit commitment is the
      primary component. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was
      RMB2,229.694 billion. For details of the contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the
      financial statements.



3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.
44   China Merchants Bank           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021



     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
           Since 2014, the Company has proposed and implemented the strategic transformation of “Light-model Bank”.
           Since 2018, the Company has entered into the second half of its transformation into “Light-model Bank” and
           started to explore the 3.0 model of the digital era. In 2021, we proposed to create a 3.0 model of “business model
           of extensive wealth management + digital operation model + organisation model of openness and integration”,
           achieving a good start of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.



     1.    Prominent advantages of the business model of extensive wealth management
           Firstly, the Company expanded the “vast clientele”. In response to the national call for common prosperity, the
           retail finance segment gave full play to its advantages of digital customer acquisition and service, and made wealth
           management accessible to ordinary people. We carried out various forms of investor education activities and created
           a series of scenario tools catering to the needs of online traffic customers. The Company lowered the threshold for
           wealth management and launched “Zhao Zhao Bao (朝朝寶)”, a wealth management service featured for pocket
           money and can be subscribed with one cent, to meet customers’ demands for daily payment and value-added
           wealth management. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers subscribing “Zhao Zhao
           Bao” reached 15,403,000, with a position amount of RMB135.442 billion at the end of the period. Among them,
           the percentage of customers who purchased wealth management products for the first time in two years reached
           51.70%. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 173 million retail customers (including debit and
           credit card customers), among which, the number of customers holding wealth products4 increased by 29.68% as
           compared with the end of the previous year, and the number of Sunflower-level and above customers increased by
           18.38% as compared with the end of the previous year. The aggregate number of CMB APP users was 170 million,
           and the aggregate number of CMB Life APP users was 127 million. The wholesale finance segment followed the
           transformation and upgrading of the national economy, focusing on the directions of new growth engines, green
           economy, high-quality track manufacturing industries, regional advantageous and characteristic industries, as well as
           self-controllable industries to solidly improve the quality of customer base and build ecological customer acquisition
           and operation capabilities around customers from core enterprises and their industrial chains and investment chains.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers of the Company reached 2,317,100.
           Among them, the number of corporate customers with a daily average deposit of more than RMB500,000 reached
           229,800, representing an increase of over 15%.
           Secondly, the Company built the “comprehensive platform”. The retail finance segment built an open
           product platform and an operation platform. We initiated the “Zhaoyang Plan (招陽計劃)”, built a growth
           platform for potential fund managers, and incubated and targeted excellent fund managers. The Bank introduced
           asset management institutions to settle on the “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)” open platform through market-oriented
           screening, working with external partners to meet the diversified demands of customers, thereby improving their
           investment experience. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 87 asset management institutions were
           introduced, with a total of 2,097,400 monthly active customers, providing 140 million wealth information services
           to 9,512,900 retail customers of the Company during the reporting period. We introduced the wealth management
           products of the peer banks into the retail product system. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 8
           wealth management subsidiaries of peer banks were introduced. The wholesale finance segment established
           institutional peer circles such as brokerages, funds and PE, which played an important role in enriching the sources
           and service methods of customers and projects. The Company built the “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” interbank online
           service platform. As at the end of the reporting period, the “Zhao Ying Tong” platform had connected 94 asset
           management institutions including funds, securities companies and insurance companies, and provided customers
           with 4,865 third-party asset management products. During the reporting period, the trading value of the Company’s
           third-party asset management products of our financial institution clients on the “Zhao Ying Tong” platform reached
           RMB634.269 billion. In terms of risk management, we strengthened the governance of the platform ecology.
           Facing the multi-level and complexity of risks under the extensive wealth management model, we created a “six all”
           risk management system featuring “all clients, all assets, all risks, all institutions, all processes and all elements”,
           strictly controlled the access of products and cooperative institutions, and implemented the whole-process
           management from access to exit. We unified the risk management framework for on-balance and off-balance sheet
           businesses and enhanced the risk exposure management for a single customer. The Company strengthened the
           division of labor and cooperation among the three lines of defense against risks and jointly fulfilled the duties of
           “customer value guardian”.




           4
                  Refers to customers holding wealth products (including wealth management, mutual funds, private equity funds, insurance policies, precious
                  metals, large-denomination certificates of deposit and other products) at the end of the reporting period.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       45
Annual Report 2021


      Thirdly, the Company built the “diverse ecology”. Through business integration, we realised the “flywheel
      effect” of mutual promotion between business lines and business units to create rich ecological scenarios for
      customers. In terms of retail “One Body” flywheel, the Company thoroughly promoted the integration of debit
      card and credit card in respect of customer acquisition and operation. Among the credit card customers, those who
      also held debit cards of the Company accounted for 62.61%, representing an increase of 1.91 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of “One Body with Two Wings (一體兩翼)” flywheel,
      the wholesale and retail business lines collaborated to facilitate the expansion of payroll services, with 148,100
      new payroll enterprises, representing an increase of 16.42%. The Bank explored a new model of private banking
      services integrating wholesale finance and private banking to open up the service demands of private banking
      customers and the enterprises behind them, which achieved certain results in the integrated service of “investment
      banking, commercial banking and private banking” for key customers of new growth engine enterprises. By fully
      leveraging retail advantages to expand the scale of custody business, we had 253 newly issued mutual funds under
      custody with a custody scale of RMB406.8 billion as at the end of the reporting period, ranking first in the market
      in terms of custody number and scale of newly issued mutual funds. We built a one-stop enterprise digital service
      comprehensive platform —— Xin Fu Tong (薪福通) 3.0 integrating the forces of technology, retail and wholesale to
      achieve customer acquisition and financial service transformation based on the customers’ management demands.
      As at the end of the reporting period, Xin Fu Tong 3.0 had 339,000 newly registered and certified enterprises
      in the year. In terms of the Group’s flywheel, during the reporting period, the Company recommended bond
      assets of RMB198.397 billion for CMB Wealth Management, while all subsidiaries in aggregate contributed AUM
      of RMB2.48 trillion and FPA of RMB780.445 billion to the Company. CMB International Capital launched 122 new
      projects linked to the Company, representing a year-on-year increase of 23%, with an account opening rate of
      100% for lead investment projects and 77% for co-investment projects. The Company and China Merchants Fund
      further strengthened the cooperation on agency distribution of funds. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      management scale of China Merchants Fund’s non-monetary mutual funds leaped to the seventh in the industry
      ranking (WIND data). Among the fund companies that the Company cooperated with on agency distribution of
      funds, the scale of China Merchants Fund took up the highest percentage of existing mutual funds distributed by
      the Company.



2.    More improvement of digital operation model
      In terms of retail customer service, we continued to improve the “talent + digitalisation” capability, and upgraded
      the operation model from mainly focusing on account management by account manager to the dual model of
      “account management + traffic”. During the reporting period, the number of monthly active users (MAU) of CMB
      APP and CMB Life APP reached 111 million, and the number of MAU in 28 scenarios exceeded ten million. We
      promoted the organic integration of monthly active users (MAU) and total assets under management (AUM) to
      enable more customers to enjoy wealth management services on the Bank’s platforms, and enhanced the digital
      service capability of private banking business, which shortened the approval cycle of family trusts by 92% to as short
      as 3 working days, with 89% of orders placed online.
      In terms of cooperate customer service, we integrated the customer demand scenarios in the whole process,
      realising that only a one-time visit to the counter for account opening is required and the regular business can be
      handled online in a one-stop manner subsequently. The active rate of basic customers increased by 5.27 percentage
      points from the beginning of the year. We actively promoted the construction of the intelligent risk control platform
      and improved the online migration rate of the whole process of corporate finance business. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the online migration rate reached 67.26%, representing an increase of 28.41 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of business transactions for products such as working
      capital loans, financial guarantees, bills, domestic letter of credit completed online surpassed the traditional offline
      process.
      In terms of risk management, the Company continued to push forward the application of Fintech in the field of “all
      risk” to support the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management. The intelligent risk control platform named
      “Libra” enhanced transaction risk management and control capabilities. During the reporting period, the percentage
      of fraud and account takeover amounts by non-cardholders was lowered to 0.90 in ten millionths, with a compound
      drop of 62.46% in the recent three years; the corporate intelligent early-warning system had an early-warning
      accuracy rate of 75.68% for potentially risky corporate customers. The Company established an early-warning
      platform for default risk in the debenture bond, with an accuracy rate of 86% for early warning of significant credit
      events.
46   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           In terms of cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, the remarkable results have been achieved for AI simulating,
           assisting and substituting human, and smart AI customer service, voice quality inspection, intelligent reviewing and
           other services have achieved a total of more than 6,000 staff replacement. The Company has established cooperative
           relations with 62 provident fund centers in respect of smart AI customer service, provided smart customer service
           for 26 provident fund centers, and introduced 41 various service interfaces of provident fund. Through measures
           such as technological improvement, resource management and reuse of old equipments, the Company saved cost
           exceeding RMB100 million in respect of IT infrastructure during the year. The Company systematically promoted the
           efficiency improvement of the science and technological team, which led to the increase of the scale of R&D output
           by more than 30% year-on-year. The Conch RPA (robotic process automation) platform independently developed by
           the Company has achieved a comprehensive replacement for foreign mature products, with a total of 2,000 scenario
           applications developed. The Company built the “Huidian Privacy (慧點隱私) Computing Platform” and realised the
           interconnection with leading privacy computing manufacturers. This platform has been applied in multiple business
           scenarios and provided users with more comprehensive privacy protection services.
           In terms of underlying technology capabilities, we continued to promote the host and application cloud, laying
           a solid foundation for agile business development. As at the end of the reporting period, the project’s progress
           exceeded 75%. Based on the six-level structure of data, analysis, products, services, operation and traffic, we
           systematically built technological support to empower extensive wealth management. The Company has obtained
           the qualification of digital RMB operation institution, and the digital RMB was officially launched on 4 January 2022
           to provide customers with digital wallet services.



     3.    Continuous evolution of the organisational model of openness and integration
           The Company built a “customer-centric” organisation and team. During the reporting period, the retail finance and
           corporate finance business lines were restructured to further rationalise the business logic and internal processes,
           thereby strengthening the customer acquisition and business cooperation. We continued to explore an integrated
           team, timely summarised the integration paradigm in key integration scenarios and kept iterating.
           In the retail business line, we piloted the system of enlarged job profiles to lift the job duties barriers among
           marketing, wealth management, retail loan business, credit card and other positions, which widened the career
           paths for employees while improving service efficiency. In the wholesale business line, we piloted a project-based
           operation and established a “virtual department” centering on core customers and the investment chain and
           industrial chain enterprises behind them, where members from customers, products, risk departments and different
           branches were jointly responsible for solving the core requirements of customers. We continued to deepen the
           communication mechanism between cadres and employees, promoted communication of cadres across business lines
           and institutions, and strengthened the process management of openness and integration of cadres.
           We continued to build a light-model culture and introduced the “Simple Work Management Tips (清風管理錦囊)” to
           provide a methodology for grassroots managers to practice the “Simple Work Style (清風公約)” and help managers
           improve their “Simple Work Leadership (清風領導力)”. We also carried out the “Simple Work 100 (清風100)”
           activity to set an example for grassroot management for all employees as well as the “Simple Work Inspection (清
           風問診)” action to help the organisation in self-inspection and self-correction. The continuous cultural promotion
           enhanced cadres and employees’ sense of recognition and willingness to practice the CMB culture. During the
           reporting period, the views of the internal forum “Egg Shell” exceeded 24 million times, and the employees put
           forward 3,624 suggestions, some of which have been embraced by the Company, and have been used to optimise
           our work and processes, so as to promote the rectification of problems and management improvement.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        47
Annual Report 2021



3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
1.    Net interest margin
      In 2021, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.48%, representing a decrease of 1 basis point year-on-year;
      and the net interest margin of the Company was 2.53%, representing a decrease of 3 basis points year-on-year.
      Such decrease was mainly due to a decline in loan yields resulting from the cumulative impact of multiple cuts in
      the Loan Prime Rate (LPR) in the previous year. In order to maintain a stable net interest margin, the Group, on the
      one hand, continued to optimise the structure of both assets and liabilities and improve the efficiency of capital
      use on the asset side, resulting in a steady increase in the proportion of high-yield assets, while the low-cost core
      deposits on the liability side maintained a good growth momentum, and its proportion in interest-bearing liabilities
      increased further. On the other hand, the Group insisted on refined management of the cost of liabilities, including
      the year-on-year decrease in cost ratio of customer deposits, financial institution demand deposits and interbank
      certificates of deposits. The continued optimisation of the structure of both assets and liabilities, as well as the
      decline in the cost of liabilities, to a certain extent, had made up for the impact of the decline in loan yields.
      Looking forward to 2022, the Group will face greater challenges in maintaining a stable net interest margin. On the
      one hand, the downward adjustment of LPR in late 2021 and early 2022 and the policy stance in 2022 will continue
      to drive further reductions in financing costs for real economy, with downward pressure on loan pricing, while
      falling market interest rates will drive down non-credit asset yields. On the other hand, rising customer demand
      for higher deposit returns and the growing wealth attributes of deposits have resulted in intense competition for
      deposits, with subsequent costs expected to increase and remain rigid, squeezing the net interest margin. However,
      there are also some favorable factors. Firstly, the central bank lowered the deposit reserve ratios at the end of
      2021, which will further optimise the Group’s asset and liability structure. Secondly, competitive market practice will
      be further regulated, allowing the Group to fully leverage its strength in comprehensive customer operations and
      services to boost deposit growth.
      In view of the above, the Group will adopt the following measures to maintain a relatively good level of net interest
      margin in the industry. As for assets, the Group will continue to optimise the credit asset structure, strengthen
      loan pricing management, and further improve the risk pricing capability. Meanwhile, the Group will strengthen
      forward-looking judgments on market interest rates, improve the efficiency of capital use, and appropriately
      increase the allocation of bonds and high-yield financial institution assets. As for liabilities, the Group will continue
      to promote high-quality growth of deposits, prioritise the growth of low-cost core deposits, and consolidate the
      advantage of deposit costs. Meanwhile, the Group will flexibly arrange marketised funding sources and promote the
      steady growth in low-cost financial institution demand deposits.



2.    Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, driven by the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management, the total customer
      assets under management by the Group maintained rapid growth, which had propelled the simultaneous operations
      of asset management, asset custody, investment banking and other businesses. As a result, the Group realised the
      generation of income from multiple sources such as wealth management, asset management and asset custody,
      demonstrating the coordinated development of various businesses. In addition, the further deepening of layered
      management of wholesale customers and the integrated transformation of investment banking and commercial
      banking business had also brought new growth opportunities for wholesale cash management, trade finance,
      cross-border business and supply chain finance. During the reporting period, the Group achieved net non-interest
      income of RMB127.488 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.13% and accounting for 38.47% of net
      operating income, up by 2.21 percentage points year-on-year. Among the Group’s net non-interest income, net fee
      and commission income was RMB94.447 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.82% and accounting for
      74.08% of net non-interest income; other net non-interest income amounted to RMB33.041 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 28.25%.
48   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           The following is an analysis of the Group’s net fee and commission income during the reporting period from the
           perspective of major items. Fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB35.841
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.00%, of which income from agency distribution of funds
           amounted to RMB12.315 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 36.20%, which was mainly attributable
           to the Company’s long-term layout and various allocation measures in mutual fund business, leading to the further
           expansion of business advantages and growth in both trading and retention income, as well as the gradual increase
           in the share of retention income contribution thanks to the stable increase in existing scale; income from agency
           distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB8.215 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 42.80%,
           which was mainly attributable to the fact that the Company proactively responded to regulatory calls, promoted
           the return of agency distribution of insurance policies to the origin of protection, and focused on the development
           of protection insurance business; income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB7.542 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.10%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in existing business
           against the backdrop of suppression of financing trusts and control of real estate trusts business; income from
           agency sales of wealth management products5 amounted to RMB6.292 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 53.69%, which was mainly attributable to the expansion in advantages of CMB Wealth Management’s products,
           construction of an open platform to offer products, as well as the admirable expansion in the sales scale of retail
           wealth management products; income from securities brokerage amounted to RMB1.281 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 22.73%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in securities brokerage income of
           CMB International Capital and CMB Wing Lung Bank along with the rising trading volumes of the robust Hong
           Kong capital market during the first half of 2021; income from agency distribution of precious metals amounted
           to RMB196 million. Fee and commission income from asset management amounted to RMB10.856 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 57.52%, which was mainly attributable to the growth in the income from
           fund management fees of China Merchants Fund and CMB International Capital and the fee income from wealth
           management products of CMB Wealth Management, all being subsidiaries of the Group. Commission income from
           custody businesses amounted to RMB5.433 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.75%, which was
           mainly attributable to the scale expansion and continuous structural optimisation of custody businesses. Income
           from bank card fees amounted to RMB19.377 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.89%, which was
           mainly attributable to the decrease in offline transaction volumes of credit cards. Income from settlement and
           clearing fees amounted to RMB13.902 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.89%, which was mainly
           attributable to the increase in the income of online payment.
           Looking forward to 2022, the Group will continue to focus on customer demands and promote the quality
           development of net non-interest income. The first is to continuously promote the overall planning of cyclic extensive
           wealth management value chain to accelerate digital transformation, platform transformation and ecological
           transformation, and truly gain insight into the wealth needs throughout the customers’ full-life cycle from the
           perspective of maximising their income, so as to achieve the growth of and add value to their assets, and on this
           basis, promote the flywheel operations of the comprehensive integration of various businesses under the cyclic
           extensive wealth management value chain of “wealth management-asset management-investment banking”, thus
           increasing the contribution of extensive wealth management income to the Group’s income. The second is to
           synergise the development of traditional non-interest income by, on the one hand, making use of digital means and
           collaborative integration measures to increase the efforts in retail customer acquisition and promotion and promote
           the stabilisation and rebounding of the increase of both credit card income and debit card settlement income; on
           the other hand, taking the improvement of online level as an important starting point for wholesale business, deeply
           grasping the all-round basic financial needs of high-quality customers and penetrating into their various key sections
           such as payment collection, transaction, cash management, international settlement and trade financing, driving the
           growth of trading banking business and cross-border business income. The third is to strengthen market research
           and judgment, improve trading capability, and achieve a relatively stable and healthy growth in the income from
           financial market proprietary business during the volatile economic and policy cycles.




           5
                  Income from agency sales of wealth management products refers to the income related to sales services provided for wealth management
                  products of banks by the Group.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      49
Annual Report 2021


3.    Risk management and control for real estate sector
      The State currently continues to adhere to the positioning of “housing is for living in, not for speculation” in the
      real estate industry and the guidance of stabilising land price, housing price and market expectations, accelerate
      the development of long-term rental housing market, promote the construction of affordable housing, uphold
      the combination of renting and purchasing and step up the establishment and improvement of a comprehensive
      long-term mechanism for real estate industry. In terms of actively preventing and resolving potential risks in the
      real estate industry, it emphasises “assigning the responsibilities to the local, financial regulatory and industry
      competent authorities, and asserting the primary responsibilities of enterprises for self-rescue”. While supporting the
      commercial housing market to better satisfy the reasonable housing needs of homebuyers, the government adopts
      city-specific policy to promote the virtuous cycle and healthy development of the real estate market.
      The Group emphasised the risk prevention in the real estate sector. The Group optimised its internal credit policy in
      a dynamic manner according to the macro policies to the real estate industry, regulatory requirements and industrial
      developments in active response to the guidance of national policy in accordance with the overall strategy of “total
      volume control, focus on customers and regions, adjustment of structure, and strict management”, and maintained
      a stable and orderly granting of credit loans to real estate industry. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      total balance of the businesses relating to real estate of which the Group assumed credit risks, such as actual and
      contingent credit, proprietary bond investments, and proprietary investment of non-standardised assets amounted
      to RMB511.489 billion, representing an increase of 3.48% as compared with the end of the previous year, of which
      the Company’s corporate real estate loan balance was RMB355.977 billion, representing an increase of RMB13.657
      billion as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 6.78% of the Company’s total loans and
      advances to customers, representing a decrease of 0.46 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year, which was mainly granted to quality strategic customers; the total balance of the businesses of which the
      Group did not assume credit risks, such as wealth management funds, entrusted loans, agency distribution of trust
      schemes under the active management by cooperative institutions, and debt financing instruments with the Group
      as the lead underwriter, amounted to RMB412.078 billion, representing a decrease of 20.61% as compared with
      the end of the previous year. Affected by factors such as industry policy control and decline in the prosperity of real
      estate industry, the debt risk of some “high-debt, high-leverage and high-turnover” real estate enterprises increased
      during the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s non-performing loan ratio of
      corporate real estate loans was 1.39%, representing an increase of 1.16 percentage points as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The customer structure of real estate business, of which the Company assumed credit risks,
      has remained sound. Among which, the balance with customers featuring high credit rating accounted for 86.62%.
      In the future, the Group will continue to firmly implement relevant national policies on the real estate industry. With
      respect to the real estate credit business of which the Group assumes credit risks, the Group will continue to carry
      out total volume control and customer credit limit management, focus on central cities and strategic customers,
      constantly adjust the customer and region structure of real estate sector, further enhance the post-investment and
      post-loan management, strictly implement closed management requirements for real estate loans and strengthen the
      project risks monitoring and analysis. With respect to the real estate business of which the Group does not assume
      credit risks, the Group will adhere to the regulatory requirements to strengthen investor suitability management,
      disclose key risk information of products, and earnestly perform its corresponding supervision responsibilities. The
      Group will closely follow the macro policies on real estate sector and reinforce the research and judgment of the
      real estate risks. It is expected that against the backdrop of the current macro environment and industry policies, the
      quality of real estate assets of the Group will remain stable as a whole.
50   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     4.    Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s deposits from customers amounted to
           RMB6,112.677 billion, representing an increase of RMB704.750 billion or 13.03% as compared with the end of the
           previous year, which was mainly driven by the increase of low-cost core deposits 6. The growth rate of the Company’s
           customer deposits decreased as compared with the previous year, mainly due to the following reasons: firstly, the
           M2 growth rate declined, which was 9.0% in 2021, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage points as compared
           with the previous year, and the increment in deposits from financial institutions was less than the same period of
           the previous year; secondly, the uncertainty of economic growth increased as the profitability of enterprises had not
           yet fully recovered. The insufficiently activated corporate funds and weak growth of demand deposits, as well as
           the weakened corporate investment willingness and the declined financing demand resulted in a decrease in deposit
           derivation; thirdly, fiscal expenditures and bonds issuance of local governments generally lagged behind, leading to
           a slowdown in capital flow.
           Faced with the challenges of a changing external environment for deposits, the Company responded to the pressure
           of slowing deposit growth and promoted the continuous optimisation of deposit structure through measures such
           as deposit classification management, assessment guidance and increased efforts in customer expansion. During the
           reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of core deposits was RMB5,003.180 billion, representing an
           increase of 18.35% as compared with the previous year, and accounting for 87.26% of the average daily balance
           of customer deposits, representing an increase of 5.13 percentage points as compared with the previous year;
           the average daily balance of demand deposits was RMB3,725.347 billion, representing an increase of 18.92% as
           compared with the previous year, and accounting for 64.98% of the average daily balance of customer deposits,
           representing an increase of 4.11 percentage points as compared with the previous year. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of structured deposits of the Company amounted to RMB266.317 billion, representing
           a decrease of 0.27% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the proportion of structured deposits was
           4.36%, representing a decrease of 0.58 percentage point as compared with the end of previous year.
           Looking forward to 2022, with the basic macroeconomic stance of “prioritising stability” and “making steady
           progress”, the role of prudent monetary policy and proactive fiscal policy will become more prominent. It is
           expected that the external environment for the growth of commercial bank deposits will be improved marginally.
           However, the trend of deposit concentration to the leading banks is expected to continue and the competition
           will remain fierce. The Company will still face pressure from both scale growth and cost control. To cope with the
           above challenges and maintain high-quality growth of deposits, the Company intends to start from the following
           aspects: firstly, grasp the external opportunities, seize the investment and financing capital operation chain and
           enhance deposit derivation of real economy; secondly, ensure the operations of deposit growth in terms of quantity
           and quality through internal management initiatives, and adhere to the leading position of core deposit growth
           while continuing to strengthen the quantity and price control on high cost deposits such as structured deposits and
           large-denomination certificates of deposit to maintain a higher proportion of demand deposits, so as to maintain the
           advantage of relatively low deposits costs; thirdly, count on the ongoing growth of customer base to expand deposit
           funding sources.




           6
                  The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of
                  deposit, structured deposits and other high-cost deposits.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                51
Annual Report 2021


5.    Loan business
      In 2021, the Company recorded an overall steady growth in its loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      Company’s total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB5,252.286 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB521.903 billion or 11.03% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which, retail loans amounted
      to RMB2,941.020 billion, representing an increase of RMB297.067 billion or 11.24% as compared with the end of
      the previous year. The growth of residential mortgage loans slowed down, but the growth of micro-finance loans,
      consumer loans and credit card loans contributed to the continuous and steady growth of the Company’s retail
      loans. Corporate loans amounted to RMB1,882.161 billion, representing an increase of RMB123.210 billion or 7.00%
      as compared with the end of the previous year. The slowdown in the year-on-year growth rate was mainly due to
      the decline in the financing demand from corporate customers. To respond to the challenge of insufficient effective
      credit demand, the Company actively promoted the structural adjustment of corporate customers, supported the real
      economy development, and increased the loan granting to key areas such as new growth engine, green economy
      and high-quality manufacturing industries.
      In 2021, the Company earnestly implemented the decisions and arrangements of Central Committee of the CPC
      and the State Council on supporting the small- and micro-sized enterprises, fully supported the relief of enterprises,
      effectively strengthened the credit support for enterprises in key areas of fighting against the pandemic and
      safeguarding supply and resumption of work and production, as well as small- and micro-sized enterprises and
      private industrial and commercial businesses greatly affected by the pandemic, and continued to carry out the policy
      for periodical deferment of repayment of the principal and interest. From 2020 to 2021, the Company handled
      a cumulative amount of RMB195.683 billion in the loans granted to the customers who applied for deferment
      of repayment of the principal and interest, of which RMB43.111 billion took place in the loans granted to the
      customers who applied for deferment of repayment of the principal and interest in 2021. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of the loans granted to the customers who applied for deferment of repayment of the
      principal and interest amounted to RMB1.570 billion and asset quality was stable. It is expected that the borrower
      may repay the principal and interest normally in the future. In 2022, the People’s Bank of China converted the
      extension facility for SME inclusive finance loans into the supporting facility for SME inclusive finance loans, and
      incorporated the credit loan support plan of SME inclusive finance loans into the refinancing scheme for agriculture
      business and SMEs. The Company will implement relevant requirements, make good use of two successive converted
      tools, and continue to strengthen its support for small- and micro-sized enterprises on the premise of risk prevention
      and control.
      In terms of inclusive finance, the Company actively supported the development of small- and micro-sized enterprise.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of SME inclusive finance loans of the Company amounted to
      RMB601.100 billion7, representing an increase of RMB92.639 billion or 18.22% as compared with the beginning
      of the year, which was 7.19 percentage points higher than the growth rate of overall loans of the Company. The
      number of accounts with SME inclusive finance loan balance were 913,300, representing an increase of 443,800
      as compared with the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the newly granted SME inclusive finance
      loans amounted to RMB435.426 billion and had an average interest rate of 5.28%.
      Looking ahead to 2022, in view of macroeconomic uncertainties with challenges in granting of loans, the Company
      will adhere to its strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” and the strategic direction of “Light-model
      Bank” to strive for stable growth of credit assets by taking into account both the change in macroeconomic situation
      and its internal development needs. Specifically, retail loans are expected to maintain steady growth. The Company
      will continue to implement the regulatory policies and actively optimise the credit asset structure. The growth rate
      of residential mortgage loans will decrease while the micro-finance loans, consumer loans and credit card loans are
      expected to maintain a rapid growth, with further increase in the proportion of non-housing mortgage loans. The
      growth rate of corporate loans is expected to be the same as that in 2021.The Company will focus on the structural
      adjustment of corporate customers, driving credit investment in the industries and sectors of new growth engine,
      green economy, high-quality track manufacturing, regional advantageous and characteristic industries and self-
      controllable industries for ongoing optimisation of the structure of corporate credit.




      7
             Refers to the small- and micro-sized enterprise loans + private industrial and commercial business operating loans + small- and micro-sized
             enterprise operating loans with a single account credit limit of RMB10 million, according to the appraisal caliber of the CBIRC, which is the
             full-scale RMB domestic caliber, excluding bill financing for the current period as compared with the caliber of the previous periods, with
             corresponding adjustments made to the comparable figures at the beginning of the period.
52   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     6.    The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           During the reporting period, the Company recorded newly formed non-performing loans of RMB47.319 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB8.824 billion, with a non-performing loan formation ratio of 0.95%,
           down by 0.31 percentage point year-on-year. In terms of major business categories, the amount of newly formed
           non-performing corporate loans was RMB10.976 billion, representing a decrease of RMB4.105 billion year-on-year;
           the amount of newly formed non-performing retail loans (excluding credit cards) was RMB7.137 billion, representing
           a decrease of RMB1.484 billion year-on-year; the amount of newly formed non-performing loans of credit cards was
           RMB29.206 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.235 billion year-on-year. As for regions, the non-performing
           loans were mainly formed in Central China, Yangtze River Delta and Bohai Rim, but both the formation amounts
           and formation ratios of non-performing loans in various regions decreased year-on-year. As for industries, the
           formation of non-performing loans was mainly distributed in real estate industry, manufacturing industry, wholesale
           and retail industry, of which the formation amounts and formation ratios of non-performing loans to the industries
           such as real estate, mining, culture, sports and entertainment, accommodation and catering, and education
           increased year-on-year. From the perspective of customer base, formation of most of the non-performing loans were
           due from large-sized enterprises but both formation amounts and formation ratios of non-performing loans to the
           large-, medium- and small-sized enterprises decreased year-on-year.
           The Company has always adhered to prudent and stable customer selection and asset allocation, spurred by its
           sufficient risk compensation and strong capabilities of guarding against risks. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Company amounted to RMB239.185 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB10.969 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
           coverage ratio was 490.66%, representing an increase of 47.15 percentage points as compared with the end of
           the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.55%, representing a decrease of 0.27 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year; the credit cost ratio was 0.73%, representing a year-on-year decrease
           of 0.30 percentage point during the reporting period.
           During the reporting period, the Company played an active role in the disposal of non-performing loans, taking
           various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. During the reporting period, the Company disposed of
           non-performing loans amounting to RMB50.034 billion, of which RMB23.580 billion was written off; RMB13.163
           billion was recovered by collection and RMB10.601 billion was securitised; and RMB2.690 billion was disposed of by
           repossession, transfer, restructuring, upward migration, remission and other means.
           During the reporting period, the Company steadily pushed forward the rectification of wealth management business
           and the disposal of existing assets according to the regulatory policies regarding the adjustments of the transitional
           period under the New Regulation on Asset Management. In 2021, the Company disposed of the eligible risky assets
           associated with its wealth management business by back-to-balance sheet arrangement and including such assets
           under the financial investments, completed the disposal of wealth management assets by back-to-balance sheet
           arrangement with a total principal amount of RMB11.004 billion and made asset loss provision of RMB11.004 billion
           based on the expected credit loss model. For the assets that have been restated in the balance sheet, the Company
           worked with CMB Wealth Management for active collection and disposal. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of the principal amount of wealth management assets by back-to-balance sheet arrangement amounted to
           RMB20.976 billion, with asset loss provision of RMB20.750 billion.
           In 2022, the Company will continue to conduct in-depth research on the internal and external risk situation, enhance
           the ability of industry research and customer awareness, adjust the customer structure and business structure,
           reinforce the post-investment and post-loan management, constantly conduct early-warning screening in key areas
           and penetrating risk monitoring with control measures, strictly implement asset classification management to fully
           expose risks, make full loss provision, and standardise the disposal of non-performing assets by various methods and
           apply them in an active way such as recovery by collection, write-off and transfer, so as to strive to maintain overall
           stability of asset quality.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                           53
Annual Report 2021


7.    Asset quality in key areas
      During the reporting period, the Company strengthened the control of its risks associated with key areas such as
      consumer financing business, local government financing platforms, and other industries under close surveillance.
      The overall asset quality was stable. In 2022, in active response to changes in external macro-economic situation, the
      Company will enhance the research and judgment on risk management and control in areas such as micro-finance
      loans, local government financing platforms and the industries under close surveillance for better risk prevention and
      control in key areas.
      The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
      indicated.
                                                                                                       31 December 2021
                                                                           Balance of          Non-       Balance of      Percentage                   Percentage
                                                             Balance of          non-    performing          special-      of special-   Balance of    of overdue
                                                             Loans and    performing      loan ratio      mentioned       mentioned        overdue          loans
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)            advances          loans           (%)            loans        loans (%)         loans           (%)
      Corporate loans                                         1,882,161       24,666            1.31          10,456             0.56       18,912            1.00
      Discounted bills                                          429,105            –               –               9                –            –               –
      Retail loans(1)                                         2,941,020       24,082            0.82          33,075             1.12       36,761            1.25
        Micro-finance loans                                     560,565        3,488            0.62           1,792             0.32        3,076            0.55
        Residential mortgage loans                            1,364,518        3,806            0.28           4,928             0.36        3,782            0.28
        Credit card loans                                       840,253       13,844            1.65          25,700             3.06       26,818            3.19
        Consumer loans(2)                                       155,984        1,595            1.02             502             0.32        1,727            1.11
        Others(3)                                                19,700        1,349            6.85             153             0.78        1,358            6.89
      Total loans and advances to customers                   5,252,286       48,748            0.93          43,540             0.83       55,673            1.06



                                                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                           Balance of          Non-       Balance of      Percentage                   Percentage
                                                             Balance of          non-    performing          special-      of special-   Balance of    of overdue
                                                             Loans and    performing      loan ratio      mentioned       mentioned        overdue          loans
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)            advances          loans           (%)            loans        loans (%)         loans           (%)
      Corporate loans                                         1,758,951       29,767            1.69          11,389             0.65       25,096            1.43
      Discounted bills                                          327,479            –               –             459             0.14            –               –
      Retail loans                                            2,643,953       21,690            0.82          25,710             0.97       29,562            1.12
        Micro-finance loans                                     474,528        3,013            0.63           1,014             0.21        2,836            0.60
        Residential mortgage loans                            1,264,388        3,736            0.30           1,516             0.12        3,833            0.30
        Credit card loans                                       746,559       12,421            1.66          22,554             3.02       20,059            2.69
        Consumer loans(2)                                       118,945        1,458            1.23             385             0.32        1,702            1.43
        Others(3)                                                39,533        1,062            2.69             241             0.61        1,132            2.86
      Total loans and advances to customers                   4,730,383       51,457            1.09          37,558             0.79       54,658            1.16


      Notes:

      (1)          In view of the severe and complex external market environment, the Company further strengthened the post-loan management and heightened
                   the asset classification standards. Firstly, loans overdue for more than 60 days were downgraded to non-performing loans. Secondly, the timing
                   of recognising credit card loans as overdue loans was adjusted according to regulatory requirements. Thirdly, for retail borrowers with overdue
                   or other risk signals of the Bank and other banks, all their loans in the Company were further adjusted to special-mentioned loans in strict
                   accordance with regulatory requirements. Affected by the above factors, the amount of non-performing retail loans and the special-mentioned
                   rate and overdue rate of retail loans increased.
      (2)          Following the further specification on the requirements of regulatory authorities for internet joint consumer loans and changes in the external
                   environment, the Company took the initiative to make structural optimisation of consumer loans, actively adjusted the pilot internet joint
                   consumer loan business on a small scale at the early stage, focused on high-quality consumer group with higher comprehensive contributions
                   and superior asset quality performance, and vigorously developed proprietary consumer loans. During the reporting period, the Company
                   included internet joint consumer loans under the statistical caliber of other retail loans, and the data at the beginning of the year were
                   adjusted in accordance with the same statistical caliber.
      (3)          Consists primarily of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans, internet joint consumer loans
                   and other personal loans secured by monetary assets, and the data at the beginning of the year were adjusted in accordance with the
                   same statistical caliber. The increase in the non-performing ratio of other retail loans from the beginning of the year was mainly due to the
                   suppressing in the scale of internet joint consumer loans. At the same time, the Company strictly identified the classification standards for this
                   type of loans to strengthen credit risk management.
54   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Risk management and control for consumer financing business
           During the reporting period, the Company consistently focused on high-quality customers to deeply explore the
           upgrading consumption scenarios and the real comprehensive consumption scenarios of individuals or families
           encouraged by national policies for a steady development of consumer financing business. Benefiting from the
           continued domestic economic recovery, the optimisation and adjustment of the customer base structure of consumer
           financing and the asset structure of the Company, as well as the enhancement of the risk management and control
           ability of joint debts, the key risk indicators of consumer financing of the Company have improved as compared with
           the end of the previous year while the scale and proportion of the Company’s consumer financing business under
           collection procedure have recovered to the level prior to the pandemic with overall risk situation being stable and
           positive. As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s consumer financing
           business (including credit cards) was 1.55%, down by 0.05 percentage point as compared with the end of the
           previous year; the percentage of special-mentioned loans was 2.63%, down by 0.02 percentage point as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the percentage of overdue loans was 2.87%, up by 0.36 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year, which was mainly due to the adjustment to timing of recognising credit
           card loans as overdue loans. Looking forward to 2022, given that the evolving pandemic at home and abroad will
           still have short-term impact to the employment, income and consumption of residents, in addition to factors such as
           further speeding up of the identification and mitigation of risks associated with joint debts by financial institutions,
           it is expected that the short-term risk management and control of consumer financing business will be under certain
           pressure. The Company will closely follow the changes in the external environment, adhere to a prudent and sound
           risk preference, focus on value-based customer operations, continuously optimise customer base and asset structure,
           reinforce the risk prevention and control at the product promotion end, strictly control the usage of consumption
           loans, proactively dispose of the non-performing assets, and strive to maintain a relative stability in asset quality of
           consumer financing business.
           Risk management and control for local government financing platform business
           The Company resolutely implemented the State’s requirements to continue strengthening local governments’
           debts management, while preventing and defusing the risks on local governments’ implicit debts and further
           regulating the financing platforms as well as the relevant requirements of investments and financing activities
           conducted by local state-owned enterprises. The Company strictly performed legal procedures, and was committed
           to operating in compliance. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of risk exposure of our businesses
           with local government financing platforms of the Company (calculated on the broad statistical caliber) amounted
           to RMB261.681 billion (including businesses such as actual and contingent credit, bond investments, proprietary
           investments and fund investments of wealth management products), representing an increase of RMB13.384
           billion as compared with the end of the previous year. Among which, the balance of loans to domestic companies
           amounted to RMB123.526 billion, representing an increase of RMB8.624 billion as compared with the end of
           the previous year, and accounted for 2.35% of the total loans and advances granted by the Company, down by
           0.08 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           non-performing loan ratio of the local government financing platform business was 0.63%, up by 0.08 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year. In 2022, the Company will continue to adhere to commercial
           principles, resolutely get rid of the mindset that the government will guarantee the fallback, correctly understand
           the government’s role and responsibilities to enterprises and projects, strictly implement various regulatory policies,
           carefully select its business based on the coverage of its debts by the projects and operating cash flow of customers
           in accordance with the overall principle of “supporting preferential clients in selective areas in compliance with
           regulatory requirements and through credit limit management, emphasising self-compensation and through
           city-specific policies”. Besides, for the general bond financing of local government, the Company will select the
           regional issuers with more developed economy and stronger debt bearing capacity; for the special bonds of local
           government, the Company will choose the projects listed in the national key planning and construction to carry
           out the bond investment business on the premise of full risk assessment. For local governments’ implicit debts
           management, the Company will continue to improve the supporting management mechanism for implicit debts,
           strictly implement the management and control requirements of the relevant policies with rigorous frequent
           investigations on the risk of implicit debts, and require all operating institutions to strictly prohibit the addition of
           local government implicit debts or participate in the false mitigation of local government implicit debts. Against the
           backdrop that the national fiscal and financial policies remain stable, it is expected that the quality of the Company’s
           assets granted to local government financing platforms is expected to remain stable.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                              55
Annual Report 2021


      Risk management and control for industries under close surveillance
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to classify the customers and cap the total number by the
      principle of categorising them into three types, namely whitelist customers, maintained customers and controlled
      customers from 15 industries8 under close surveillance that were greatly affected by supply-side structural reforms,
      overcapacity or the “dual carbon”policy. Among which, for the “whitelist” customers such as leading enterprises in
      the industries and regional quality enterprises, appropriate credit increase support would be given on the premise
      of controllable risk; for the “maintained” customers with relatively stable risks and acceptable operations, we will
      focus on listed entities, core enterprises within the group and companies with sound performances, maintaining the
      current customer base and iterating gradually, and the optimal allocation of customers and asset structure would
      be realised by means of total amount control and elimination of the inferior and selection of the superior; for the
      “control” customers such as zombie enterprises and zombie-like enterprises, enterprises with high leverage and high
      debts, single account quota management strategy would be implemented. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      business financing exposure to the industries under close surveillance conducted by the Company (calculated on the
      full statistical caliber) amounted to RMB142.027 billion, representing an increase of RMB19.405 billion9 as compared
      with the beginning of the year, which was mainly granted to the quality strategic customers and customers on
      the whitelist at Head Office and branches. The non-performing loan ratio of industries under close surveillance
      was 4.35%, down by 1.83 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by the risk
      exposure and constant shrinking business scale of individual existing customers, the non-performing loan ratios
      of industries including coal, iron and steel, and coal trade increased as compared with the beginning of the year,
      while the non-performing loan ratios of other industries decreased as compared with the beginning of the year. In
      light of the basic customer groups falling into the industries under close surveillance of the Company are mainly
      strategic customers and customers on the whitelist at Head Office and branches, with clear advantages in scale,
      cost and market as well as relatively strong ability to resist external risks, it is expected that the risks associated
      with the industries will be generally controllable in 2022. Subsequently, the Company will dynamically adjust the
      credit policy in related fields, taking into consideration national strategies such as the “dual carbon” target planning
      and implementation, industrial policies such as energy “dual control”, financial regulatory policies and the actual
      operation of the market.



8.    Capital management
      The Company continued to optimise its business structure and to enhance capital management. During the reporting
      period, the Company satisfied the various capital requirements imposed by the CBIRC, with relatively adequate
      capital buffer.
      The Company adhered to the principle of prudence and stability, and maintained steady growth of risk-weighted
      assets subject to maintaining the risks under control. As at the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of
      risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the
      Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company was 12.82%; the ratio of the Company’s risk-weighted assets
      (taking into consideration the floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach to total assets was 58.42%. During the reporting period, the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC,
      before tax) under the Advanced Measurement Approach was 26.52%, significantly higher than the cost of capital.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced
      Measurement Approach and the Weighted Approach increased as compared with the end of the previous year, thus
      achieving the endogenous growth of capital.
      With the approval of the PBOC and the CBIRC, the Company issued Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds in
      China’s national inter-bank bond market with an issue size of RMB43 billion on 7 December 2021. The funds raised,
      after deducting the necessary issuance fees, have been used to supplement the Company’s additional Tier 1 capital
      based on applicable laws and regulatory approvals. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published
      on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The Company will
      continuously improve the level of shareholder returns through various methods such as improving the efficiency of
      capital utilisation and optimising the structure of assets and liabilities.




      8
             The 15 industries include coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical, commonly used metal ore mining,
             nonferrous metal smelting and calendaring, shipbuilding, plain glass, ocean freight, textile and chemical fiber, fertilizer manufacturing,
             machine tool and synthetic material manufacturing.
      9
             The statistical caliber of the industries under close surveillance has been changed, and the figures at the beginning of the year have been
             adjusted with the same caliber.
56   China Merchants Bank           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           The Company adhered to the development strategies of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, and
           constantly promoted the innovation and development of assets securitisation business to provide room for capital
           saving. During the reporting period, the Company issued a total of 13 asset securitisation projects through the
           interbank market with a total issue size of RMB62.128 billion. The underlying assets included credit card loans, auto
           installment loans, residential mortgage loans and non-performing loans.
           Following the issuance of the “Assessment Methods for Systemically Important Banks (        《系統重要性銀行評估辦
           法》  )”, the PBOC and the CBIRC jointly published the first list of domestic banks of systematic importance in China
           in October 2021, and simultaneously issued the “Ancillary Regulatory Provision for Systematically Important Banks
           (Trial) (
                   《系統重要性銀行附加監管規定(試行)》                    )”. The Company is in the third group on the list, facing additional
           regulatory requirements such as 0.75% of supplementary capital and 0.375% of supplementary leverage ratio.
           Currently, the Company’s capital adequacy ratio, leverage ratio, liquidity and other operating indicators at all levels
           are maintained at a high level, and shall satisfy the additional regulatory requirements.
           In recent years, the regulatory documents on systemically important domestic banks and in specific areas such as
           the “Provisional Measures for the Implementation of the Recovery and Disposal Plan of Banking and Insurance
           Institutions (
                        《銀行保險機構恢復和處置計劃實施暫行辦法》                        )” have been issued in succession. The international
           regulatory reform has continued to advance, and the final reform plan of Basel III will be fully implemented. Against
           such backdrop, the Company will continue to uphold the strategic direction of “Light-model Bank”, and focus on
           the construction of the cyclic extensive wealth management value chain while constantly optimising capital allocation
           strategy to strengthen asset-liability portfolio management, as well as improving capital return management
           mechanism with the application of the economic value added (EVA) and the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC)
           and other valuation indicators to enhance the efficiency of capital use, tracing the progress of international capital
           regulatory reform, continuing to implement the internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (ICAAP), keeping
           a dynamic balance of supply and demand of capital, sticking to the principles in capital supplement that fund
           generation and accumulation shall be mainly from internal resources, with capital replenishment through external
           resources as additional assistance, comprehensively planning the use of various capital instruments and achieving
           fund-raising through various channels and ways to ensure the smooth operation of capital adequacy ratio.



     9.    Transformation of corporate customer services
           With adherence to focusing on customer needs, leveraging its own credit resources and multi-channel fund
           organisation ability, through linkage and cooperation with internal and external institutions of the Group,
           and starting from multiple dimensions such as bond underwriting, wealth management funds, cross-border
           coordination financing, proprietary investment and bill financing, the Company provided corporate customers with
           three-dimensional, comprehensive and multi-level financing support to cater to the indirect and direct financing
           demands of customers in whole balance sheet and full-life cycle.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of aggregate financing products to corporate
           customers (FPA) was RMB4,898.714 billion10, representing an increase of RMB691.594 billion over the beginning of
           the year, among which, the balance of traditional financing11 was RMB2,557.652 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB311.885 billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of non-traditional financing12 was RMB2,341.062
           billion, representing an increase of RMB379.709 billion over the beginning of the year. The balance of
           non-traditional financing accounted for 47.79% of the balance of FPA, representing an increase of 1.17 percentage
           points over the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the Company boosted the transformation
           of customer services, facilitated the development of the real economy with the service concept of “integrating
           investment banking and commercial banking” and made several achievements.
           In terms of debt financing instruments as the lead underwriter, starting from the needs of strategic customers, the
           Company accurately captured the financing pain points of customers to give full play to the advantages of direct
           financing services for setting up a comprehensive bond underwriting service system. During the reporting period, the
           Company historically broke through the RMB500 billion benchmark in the underwriting of non-financial corporate
           debt financing instruments, outperforming the market growth rate by 16 percentage points and ranking third in the
           banking industry for the first time (WIND data).



           10
                  Some financing wealth management businesses were eliminated during the period because they ceased to meet the scope of FPA, resulting in
                  the same-caliber adjustment to the data at the beginning of the period with the balance of the adjusted FPA at the beginning of the period of
                  RMB4,207.120 billion, of which amount of traditional financing amounted to RMB2,245.767 billion and amount of non-traditional financing
                  amounted to RMB1,961.353 billion.
           11
                  Traditional financing comprises of general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills),
                  acceptance, letters of credit, financial guarantees and non-financial guarantees.
           12
                  The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing
                  wealth management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing, cross-
                  border coordination financing and leading syndicated loans.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     57
Annual Report 2021


      In terms of matched deals, centering on the complex and diversified investment and financing needs of customers,
      the Company took this as a starting point to continuously enhance our capability for multi-channel capital and
      asset organisation and introduce customers’ financing demands to various capital parties in market transactions, so
      as to open up complete and reliable institutional investment and financing channels and strive to achieve efficient
      matching between investing and financing on the market. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of
      matched deals included in FPA exceeded RMB300 billion.
      In terms of bill financing, the Company helped micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises address the difficulty of
      high financing cost by leveraging advantages of integrating the whole bill products such as settlement, acceptance,
      discount, bills pool, pledge, transfer discount and rediscount. During the reporting period, the Company vigorously
      promoted the development of commercial acceptance bill business. The commercial acceptance bill discounting
      business significantly increased by 76.10% throughout the year and jumped to the first in the banking industry (data
      from the Commercial Bank Bill Business Association). In the meantime, the Company actively drove the supply chain
      bill business, advanced accounts receivable securitisation from the source through optimising products and systems
      with constant iteration to support the development of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises. During the
      reporting period, the bill business of the Company served more than 140 thousand customers.
      During the reporting period, the Company upgraded its supply chain business model featuring “providing services by
      all branches in a collaborative manner to one enterprise and its industrial chain (全國做一家)”, to a model featuring
      “providing services to one enterprise and its industrial chain through national layout (全國服務一家)”, which aims to
      address the difficulty of financing for core enterprises and their upstream and downstream segments along industrial
      chains while integrating the Company’s resources across branches and business lines with a further focus on
      customers to form a bank-wide customer service network that meets customer needs. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Company served 222 core enterprises through such business mode, covering 16,149 suppliers, among
      which 13,314 suppliers were granted the financing support, with the amount of granting loans of RMB159.8 billion.
      In addition, leveraging the advantages of Fintech, the Company realised the online migration of the whole process
      of the accounts receivable of dual factoring business, which greatly improved the efficiency of settlement and
      factoring facility and shortened the duration for granting loans from days to hours, while adopting differentiated
      service schemes for manufacturing, retail and wholesale, logistics and other industries for significant breakthroughs
      in the operation depth of core enterprises and the coverage of upstream and downstream enterprises. As at the
      end of the reporting period, the number of core enterprise customers increased by 29.74% year-on-year, and the
      number of upstream and downstream customers increased by 58.39% year-on-year.



10.   Fintech
      Focusing on the mainstay of building the cyclic extensive wealth management value chain, the Company deeply
      promoted the digital transformation and development of the Bank and the upgrade of the 3.0 business model.
      During the reporting period, the information technology expenses amounted to RMB13.291 billion, up by 11.58%
      year-on-year, and the ratio of the information technology expenses to the Company’s net operating income was
      4.37%.
      Increase Fintech investment and strive to build Digital Bank. The Fintech Innovation Project Fund focused on
      the six major directions of C side ecological construction, B side ecological construction, digital operation, digital
      management, technological infrastructure, and innovation and incubation. It continued to support the acquisition
      of new capabilities and exploration of new models, and actively created an innovation atmosphere of openness
      and inclusiveness. During the reporting period, 559 new Fintech innovation projects were launched, and 587 new
      projects were put into operation. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of Bank’s Fintech innovation
      projects launched and put into operation reached an aggregate of 2,665 and 1,961, respectively. The Fintech
      Innovation Project Fund has become an incubator and propeller for the new models of the Bank.
      Transform the talent structure to adapt to Digital Bank. The Company continued to increase efforts to
      introduce Fintech talents, set up Fintech elite training camps and attract students from STEM (science, technology,
      engineering, mathematics) majors to join through open and experiential recruitment, laying a solid foundation for
      the reserve of Fintech talents. At the same time, the Company established an internal training and cultivation system
      for Fintech talents, driving for the building of personnel teams such as product managers, operation managers, data
      analysts and R&D engineers for a coordinated and smooth talent structure with reasonable echelons, and constantly
      strengthening the Fintech awareness of all employees of the Bank to foster their digital thinking. As at the end
      of the reporting period, the number of R&D personnel of the Group reached 10,043, representing an increase of
      13.07% as compared with the end of the previous year.
58   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Upgrade customer service continuously based on “people + digitalisation” and explore intelligent service
           mode for the future banking industry. Taking the needs of users as the starting point, the Company built a
           wealth brain and created intelligent wealth management consulting services with ongoing enhancement in the
           personalised services. During the reporting period, “AI Xiao Zhao (AI 小招)”, an intelligent wealth assistant, was
           launched for 24/7 wealth accompanying service. “AI Xiao Zhao” was designed based on big data technology, which
           can better understand customers and products through knowledge precipitation and machine training, providing
           customers with a brand-new experience of comprehensive wealth management services such as income enquiry,
           rise and fall analysis, interpretation of market hotspots, product recommendation and asset allocation suggestions.
           During the reporting period, the Company’s relationship managers established online business relationships with
           Golden Card Holder customers, Sunflower customers and other customers through the accessing functions of the
           APPs, serving 12,640,000 customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.52%. The transaction amounts were
           RMB561.190 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.76%.
           Enhance digital operation continuously and improve the efficiency of operation and management. The
           Company constantly promoted the online credit operations. It replaced the original offline manual operations
           through system construction in various steps such as pre-loan due diligence, in-loan approval and post-loan
           management. The online migration rate of the whole process of credit operations of the Company increased to
           89.46%, representing a year-on-year increase of 17 percentage points. It reduced the manual entry operations
           of staff by means of automatic assigning by the system in the information filling process. The automation rate of
           filling in and approving basic customer information increased to 88.47%, representing a year-on-year increase of
           28 percentage points. It built an intelligent analysis report generating system for operational risk. The generation
           efficiency of monthly analysis reports increased by 42.86% year-on-year and the operational efficiency of risk line
           personnel greatly improved. The Company built an intelligent financial management system to further optimise
           the intelligent budget system, continuously drove the construction of the “3+1” intermediate business intelligent
           management system13 and the three-tier manager views14, and set up a full-perspective customer comprehensive
           operation evaluation system and a full-level institutional operation monitoring system, which empowered the refined
           management throughout the Bank. While actively promoting machine audit to replace manual audit, the Company
           explored and promoted the “three noes (三無)” financial reimbursement mode of “no paper invoices, no manual
           audit and no trouble reimbursement (無紙單據、無人審核、無感報銷)”, which improved the efficiency by 52% as
           compared with the traditional paper invoice reimbursement mode. Moreover, the Company accelerated the digital
           construction of cloud taxation to realise tax declaration with one click by making use of direct linkage between
           our Shenzhen institutions and tax authorities, along with continuous expansion of the application of Invoice Cloud.
           Financial integrated service platforms were established to strengthen financial management while enhancing
           staff experience, building an integrated new ecosystem for win-win cooperation among “business, finance and
           customers”.
           Deepen the transformation of technology structure and build digital technology system that adapts to
           the cyclic extensive wealth management value chain. On the one hand, the Company continuously built
           an open infrastructure of a “CMB Cloud (招行雲)” and two middle-offices (data middle-office and technology
           middle-office) to break the system and data silos for constant advancement in enterprise-level capabilities in order
           to maximise data value. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 2,811 shared components15 of technology
           middle-office in the Company, of which 1,962 shared components were released during the reporting period. The
           bank-wide threshold for data usage was further lowered, and the number of personnel using big data accounted
           for about 40% of total number of employees of the Company. On the other hand, the Company continuously
           reinforced the construction and promotion of RPA (Robotic Process Automation), applet platform, low code platform
           and other tools to reduce the threshold of using technical tools for business personnel and empower staff for higher
           working efficiency in a digital way, thereby raising their sense of gain. The Company launched Conch RPA, a tool
           platform that supports users’ rapid development and deployment, which can replace manual work to complete
           tasks with clear rules and high repeatability all year round unceasingly. It significantly enhanced business processing
           efficiency and staff happiness because they can invest the saved time in more creative and valuable work whilst
           it also effectively reduced the operational risk and operating cost. At present, Conch RPA has covered numerous
           business scenarios of the Head Office and branches and subsidiaries, such as daily office, foreign exchange business,
           payroll service and identification of counterfeit currencies. Nearly 60% of the personnel who use Conch RPA for
           self-development are business personnel.




           13
                  Refers to the three-level management structure comprising the bottom standard system, middle-level process specification and top-level
                  decision-making analysis, and one-stop intermediate business management platform.
           14
                  Refers to a visual business analysis platform that serves managers at all levels.
           15
                  Refers to the technical units that can be reused.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  59
Annual Report 2021



3.10 Business Operation
3.10.1 Retail finance business
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted to
      RMB76.949 billion, representing an increase of 21.07% as compared with the previous year. Net operating income
      from the retail finance business amounted to RMB177.318 billion, representing an increase of 14.34% as compared
      with the previous year and accounting for 58.33% of the net operating income of the Company. Among the income
      from retail finance, the net interest income amounted to RMB115.991 billion, representing an increase of 12.75%
      as compared with the previous year and accounting for 65.41% of the net operating income from retail finance;
      the net non-interest income amounted to RMB61.327 billion, representing an increase of 17.46% as compared with
      the previous year while accounting for 34.59% of the net operating income from retail finance and 57.68% of the
      net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting period, the fee and commission income from retail
      wealth management of the Company was RMB33.750 billion, representing an increase of 30.61% as compared
      with the previous year and accounting for 56.61% of the net fee and commission income from retail finance; the
      Company recorded a fee income of RMB19.228 billion from retail bank cards, representing a decrease of 0.85% as
      compared with the previous year.
      Retail customers and total assets under management from retail customers
      During the reporting period, the Company took “creating value for our customers” as its original aspiration,
      integrated online and offline operations, created an open wealth platform, and further enhanced its product
      innovation and refined management capabilities under the framework of the cyclic extensive wealth management
      value chain. While realising the unity of customer interests and bank interests, the Company constantly broadened
      service boundaries, which achieved good results in customer group expansion and operation. The balance of retail
      customers and total assets under management from retail customers maintained rapid growth.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 173 million retail customers (including debit and credit
      card customers), representing an increase of 9.49% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which,
      the number of Sunflower-level and above customers (those with minimum daily average total assets of RMB500,000
      for each month) reached 3,672,000, representing an increase of 18.38% as compared with the end of the previous
      year.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management from retail customers of the
      Company amounted to RMB10,759.170 billion, representing an increase of 20.33% as compared with the end of
      the previous year. Among which, the balance of total assets under management from the Sunflower-level and above
      customers amounted to RMB8,836.409 billion, representing an increase of 20.30% as compared with the end of the
      previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company
      amounted to RMB2,168.157 billion, representing an increase of 14.15% as compared with the end of the previous
      year and continuously ranking first among national small- and medium-sized banks according to data released by
      the PBOC. During the reporting period, the demand deposits accounted for 70.12% of the daily average balance
      of deposits from retail customers of the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 174,000,000
      All-in-one Cards had been issued by the Company for retail customers, up by 10.13% as compared with the end of
      the previous year.
60   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Wealth management
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 37,786,600 customers who held wealth products,
           representing an increase of 29.68% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period,
           under the background of market fluctuations throughout the year, the Company took the initiative to actively
           adjust the asset allocation structure and increase the supply of wealth management products according to the
           changes in customers’ risk appetite. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of retail wealth management
           products amounted to RMB3,003.852 billion, representing an increase of 35.48% as compared with the end of the
           previous year. The Company achieved the sales of non-monetary mutual funds of RMB608.035 billion, representing
           a decrease of 0.44% as compared with the previous year. The Company recorded RMB415.141 billion in agency
           distribution of trust schemes, representing a decrease of 11.51% as compared with the previous year mainly due to
           the fact that the Company took the initiative to adjust the business direction under heightened real estate supervision
           and the policy background of “Houses are for living in and not for speculative investment” and “Returning to the
           origin of finance”. The Company recorded RMB77.073 billion in premiums from agency distribution of insurance
           policies, representing a decrease of 8.26% as compared with the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the
           Company’s active response to regulatory policies, market trends and customer demand, furthering transformation
           of regular premiums, optimising product structure and increasing the promotion of regular premium business with
           high-value contribution, which has led to a slow-down in the single premium business with higher contribution in
           total premium. During the reporting period, the Company recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth
           management business of RMB33.750 billion, among which income from agency distribution of funds amounted to
           RMB12.795 billion, income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB7.976 billion, income
           from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB6.910 billion, income from agency sales of wealth
           management services amounted to RMB5.874 billion and income from agency distribution of precious metals
           amounted to RMB195 million. For details of the reasons of changes in fee and commission income from wealth
           management, please refer to 3.9 “Net non-interest income” in this chapter.
           During the reporting period, under the national goal of firmly promoting the “common prosperity” among all its
           people, the Company focused on the overall planning of constructing a cyclic extensive wealth management value
           chain, and gave full play to the advantages of its wealth management professional services and online services,
           actively promoted the platform of wealth management, assisted customers in achieving asset preservation and
           appreciation, and made wealth management accessible to ordinary people.
           Firstly, the Company enriched online education scenarios for investors by working with partners to enhance the
           width and depth of customer services, so as to create a new field for the operations of young customers. During the
           reporting period, 52.21% of the wealth trading customers16 on the CMB APP were under 35 years old.
           Secondly, the Company took the initiative to lower the threshold of wealth management and joined the new era of
           wealth management together with tens of millions of users. During the reporting period, the Company launched
           “Zhao Zhao Bao (朝朝寶)”, a wealth management service for pocket money that allows users to subscribe using
           one cent, taking into account the yield and liquidity needs. The Company also built a “Duobao Family (多寶家族)”
           product series including “Yue Yue Bao (月月寶)”, “Ji Ji Bao (季季寶)” and “Ban Nian Bao (半年寶)” to enrich the
           spectrum of duration varieties for retail customers to choose from.
           Thirdly, the Company developed the operation capabilities for hundreds of millions of customers by launching the
           intelligent wealth management assistant “AI Xiao Zhao (AI 小招)”, which aimed to create 24/7 wealth management
           services “being professional, friendly, intelligent as well as personalised”. At the same time, the Network Operation
           Service Center expanded the managing scope of relationship managers, established deep connection with more
           customers through traffic management, and upgraded the service experience with the “Advisor Xiao Zhao (小招
           顧問)”, the online wealth manager, which enhanced the efficiency and dimensions of online communication and
           interaction. “Advisor Xiao Zhao” provided 19,225,600 times of online consultations during the reporting period,
           representing an increase of 85.85% as compared with the previous year.




           16
                  Refers to the customer group of wealth products (including wealth management, mutual funds, private equity funds, insurance, precious
                  metals, large-denomination certificates of deposit and other products) traded on the CMB APP in the current year.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                     61
Annual Report 2021


      Fourthly, the Company provided tailor-made professional allocation solutions for customers in different wealth
      stages and with different risk appetites based on the actual needs of customers. During the reporting period, the
      Company constructed the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation System (招商銀行TREE資產配置體系)”, which divided retail
      wealth management products into four categories, namely active money management, security management,
      prudent investment and aggressive investment. Through analysing customers’ assets and investment behaviors, the
      Company formulated a scientific and reasonable “Zhaocai Points (招財分)” scoring system, which, combining with
      market conditions, provided professional wealth management advices for customers with different wealth attributes.
      Private banking
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 122,064 private banking customers (retail customers of
      the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
      22.09% as compared with the end of the previous year; total assets under management from private banking
      customers amounted to RMB3,393.904 billion, representing an increase of 22.32% as compared with the end of the
      previous year; total assets per account amounted to RMB27.8043 million, representing an increase of RMB51,600 as
      compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 168 private
      banking centers in 92 domestic cities and 6 overseas cities, and has established a three-dimensional service network
      for high-net-worth customers.
      Against the background of building the cyclic extensive wealth management value chain, the Company focused
      on the changes in the needs of private banking customers, and shifted to provide more diversified “individual,
      family, enterprise and society”17 comprehensive services to private banking customers and their enterprises, in
      contrast with providing retail services to high-net-worth customers which the Company originally emphasised on.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen the transformation and upgrading of the private
      banking business by utilising its rich resources with the adherence to the concept of “openness and integration”.
      On the basis of steadily promoting the chain-like customer acquisition, the Company further strengthened the
      business collaboration between departments within the Bank, strengthened business cooperation with subsidiaries
      and third-party partner institutions, guided public and private resources to continuously promote the development
      of integrated customer acquisition, and built a more open product platform satisfying the comprehensive and
      diversified financial needs of customers. In addition, the Company strengthened the management of full-life cycle
      of products, continuously promoted the construction of the online and digital capability system of private banking,
      and actively promoted the improvement of business operation efficiency, management efficiency and comprehensive
      customer service experience.
      Credit cards
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 102.4160 million active credit cards,
      representing an increase of 2.90% as compared with the end of the previous year, and there were 69.7394 million
      active credit card users, representing an increase of 4.54% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      balance of credit card loans was RMB840.301 billion, representing an increase of 12.55% as compared with the end
      of the previous year. The percentage of revolving balances of credit cards was 20.90%. During the reporting period,
      the credit card transactions of the Company amounted to RMB4,763.617 billion, representing an increase of 9.73%
      as compared with the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB59.645 billion, representing
      an increase of 5.87% as compared with the previous year. Non-interest income from credit cards amounted to
      RMB27.109 billion, representing an increase of 3.57% as compared with the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to optimise its customer base and asset structure of the
      credit card business, adhered to the principle of risk prudence, strictly implemented the asset classification policy
      which classified all credit card loans overdue for more than 60 days as non-performing loans. At the same time,
      the Company strengthened the collection efficiency and stabilised the risk level in 2021. During the reporting
      period, RMB29.206 billion of new non-performing loans were formed from credit cards, representing a decrease of
      RMB3.235 billion as compared with the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing
      ratio of credit card loans was 1.65%, down by 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year. During the reporting period, the Company’s credit card business was transformed into a “stable and
      low-volatility” business model. The proportion of low– and medium-risk assets continued to increase, forming a
      more reasonable and robust portfolio structure with assets in the range of high, medium and low interest rates
      so as to achieve double-digit growth in loan scale while maintaining asset quality. In the future, the Company
      will continue to deepen the transformation through constantly optimising the customer base structure and asset
      structure, consolidating its business foundation and strengthening the resilience of its portfolio, so as to realise the
      dynamic and balanced development of “quality, efficiency and scale” in the credit card business.




      17     “Individual, family, enterprise and society” specifically refers to the needs of individuals, families, enterprises and the society.
62   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           During the reporting period, the Company adhered to an innovation-driven and technology-driven approach, and
           promoted the upgrading of products and services from the perspective of customers. In particular, firstly, the
           Company continuously optimised the customer base structure, reconstructed the customer acquisition combination
           model of credit card business. At the same time, it constructed a young customer acquisition and operation system
           by gaining insight into the needs of young customers and launching the “FIRST Graduate Credit Card” for college
           graduates. Secondly, it continuously improved the customer payment experience by developing functions such
           as “One-click Binding (一鍵綁卡)” and “One-click Withdrawal (一鍵提額)”. At the same time, online transaction
           operation was intensified. Through activities such as “Cashback Rebate (筆筆返現)” and “10 Yuan Storm (十元風
           暴)”, the Company was able to mobilise a sizeable customer base in a continuous and efficient way. Thirdly, the
           Company promoted key behaviors of new customers such as card activation, binding and first payment with credit
           card based on the full-life cycle of users, and in combination with the scenarios of meal coupons and movie tickets,
           launched the “two-coupon gift (兩票見面禮)” product integrating customer acquisition and operation. Fourthly, the
           level of intelligent services was enhanced. The Company adhered to a decentralisation strategy of service interaction
           by taking technology as the driving force, to precisely match customer needs, flexibly connect service channels, and
           comprehensively improve service interaction efficiency, experience as well as value. In addition, the Company further
           deepened the operation of the CMB Life APP. For details of the CMB Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3 “Distribution
           channels” in this chapter.
           Retail loans
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB2,941.020 billion,
           representing an increase of 11.24% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 56.00%
           of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, up by 0.11 percentage point as compared with the end
           of the previous year. Among which, the total amount of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans)
           reached RMB2,100.767 billion, representing an increase of 10.72% as compared with the end of the previous year,
           accounting for 40.00% of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing a decrease of
           0.11 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As to business development, during the reporting period, the Company actively implemented the requirements of
           the national real estate loan concentration management and regional real estate control policies, supported the
           residents’ reasonable needs for their own homes, so as to realise the sound development of housing mortgage
           loan business. At the same time, while making efforts to control and manage risks and maintaining stable asset
           quality, the Company took the initiatives to adjust the business structure by increasing the loans to small- and
           micro-sized enterprises and consumer finance business. With respect to the micro-finance loans business, the
           Company relied on Fintech to explore product and service innovation, continuously improved the level and efficiency
           of financial services for small- and micro-sized enterprises for better financial support to the real economy. As to
           consumer loan business, the Company strictly controlled the use of capital, carefully identified quality customers
           and met the demand on consumer financing in a reasonable manner. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company recorded a balance of residential mortgage loans of RMB1,364.518 billion, representing an increase
           of 7.92% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of micro-finance loans amounted to
           RMB560.565 billion, representing an increase of 18.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           balance of consumer loans amounted to RMB155.984 billion, up by 31.14% as compared with the beginning of the
           year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 9,789,300 retail loan (excluding credit card loans)
           customers, representing an increase of 21.17% as compared with the end of the previous year. The rapid expansion
           of customer base was mainly attributable to the light model of customer acquisition through online platform.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     63
Annual Report 2021


      As to the quality of assets, during the reporting period, the Company managed to maintain a stable asset quality
      for retail loans by constantly optimising its strategies for risk management. In view of the severe and complex
      external market environment, the Company further strengthened the post-loan management and tightened the
      asset classification standards. Firstly, the loan overdue for more than 60 days was downgraded to non-performing
      loan. Secondly, for borrowers with overdue or other risk signals within and outside the Bank, all their loans in the
      Company were further adjusted to special-mentioned loans in strict accordance with regulatory requirements. As
      at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the special-mentioned retail loans (excluding credit card loans)
      of the Company amounted to RMB7.375 billion, of which the balance of non-overdue loans accounted for more
      than 70%. The increase in the amount of special-mentioned loans was mainly affected by the increase in the
      amount of non-overdue loans, while the downgrade rate of special-mentioned loans into non-performing loans
      remained in a downward trend. The special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.35%, up by 0.18 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of non-performing
      retail loans (excluding credit card loans) amounted to RMB10.238 billion, and the non-performing loan ratio was
      0.49%, which was basically the same as that at the end of the previous year. Among which, the non-performing
      ratio of micro-finance loans was 0.62%, down by 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year; the non-performing ratio of consumer loans was 1.02%, down by 0.21 percentage point as compared with
      the beginning of the year. Excluding credit cards, the mortgage and pledged loans accounted for 77.86% of the
      Company’s new non-performing retail loans formed during the reporting period, the mortgage and pledge rate of
      above mortgage and pledged loans as at the end of the reporting period was 31.69%. Given that the vast majority
      of such new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by collaterals, the risk was under control.
      As to risk management, the Company continued to strengthen the construction of risk control system, while taking
      into account of the differentiation of regional and industrial economic situation, so as to effectively improve risk
      management capabilities. Firstly, in terms of customer group selection, the Company insisted on standing in stable
      industries and preferentially selecting high-quality customers with a job and income as the major business targets and
      focused on areas with rapid economic development. Secondly, in terms of construction of quantitative risk control
      capability, the Company realised the rapid iteration of machine learning model through iterative decision-making
      platform and model platform, enhanced the application efficiency in business scenarios in order to promote the
      coverage of the risk models to all processes and all products. Thirdly, in terms of post-loan management capabilities,
      while constantly improving the level of digital post-loan management, the Company strictly controlled the fund flow
      of loans, implemented full-life cycle quantitative risk monitoring and classified management for customers, so as to
      ensure stable asset quality and compliance in the use of funds.

3.10.2 Wholesale finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB61.354 billion,
      representing an increase of 20.85% as compared with the previous year. The net operating income from wholesale
      finance of the Company was RMB131.140 billion, representing an increase of 12.35% as compared with the
      previous year, and accounting for 43.14% of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest
      income of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB87.397 billion, representing an increase of 7.80% as
      compared with the previous year, and accounting for 66.64% of the net operating income of wholesale finance; the
      net non-interest income of wholesale finance amounted to RMB43.743 billion, representing an increase of 22.71%
      as compared with the previous year, and accounting for 33.36% of the net operating income of wholesale finance
      business, and 41.15% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
      Wholesale customers
      The Company has established the corporate customer service system featuring segmentation and classification-based
      management, as well as professional and dedicated management in respect of strategic customers, institutional
      customers, financial institution customers, cross-border customers, Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼) customers and
      basic customers. During the reporting period, the Company continued to focus on professional operations of
      strategic customers of the Head Office and branches, acquisition of high-quality corporate customers and in-depth
      operations of existing customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers of
      the Company was 2,317,100. The number of newly acquired corporate customers during the reporting period was
      381,600, contributing daily average deposits of RMB200.514 billion, among them, 22,900 newly acquired corporate
      depositors contributed daily average deposit of more than RMB500,000, and such increase achieved a new high.
64   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           In terms of strategic customers under the Head Office, the Company optimised and upgraded the service model for
           strategic customers under the Head Office by mobilising resources across the Bank, deepening the overall awareness
           on customers and their industries through systematic operations of the enterprise itself, its industrial chain and
           investment chain, achieving breakthroughs in operations, and ultimately achieving the optimisation of customer
           structure of the Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of the strategic customers under the Head
           Office of the Company was 32618, increasing by 38 as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance
           of daily average proprietary deposits amounted to RMB979.145 billion, increasing by 19.71% as compared with
           the beginning of the year; the balance of general loans amounted to RMB832.539 billion, increasing by 15.58%
           as compared with the beginning of the year. As for branch-level strategic customers, the Company established an
           account management system and a supply chain business system to effectively acquire customers in batches and
           promote the in-depth operations of branch-level strategic customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company had 6,87419 branch-level strategic customers, increasing by 732 as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The daily average balance of the proprietary deposits amounted to RMB594.515 billion. The balance of general
           loans amounted to RMB274.589 billion.
           With regards to its institutional customers, the Company actively served national ministries and commissions
           such as finance, human resources and social security, housing and development, healthcare security, ecological
           environment and customs, participated in promoting the construction of information platforms, and strove for
           breakthroughs in the qualifications of Head Office-to-Head Office cooperation. In response to the needs of local
           governments, the Company provided comprehensive services of “financing of capital + financing of intelligence +
           financing of technology (融資+融智+融科技)”, assisted in solving practical problems such as government financing,
           housing security, labor security, low-carbon environmental protection and convenient household affairs, and
           seized the opportunity of low-cost financial capital retention and traffic acquisition. During the reporting period,
           among the special debts issued nationwide, projects served by the Company amounted to RMB1.42 trillion, with a
           coverage rate of 39.58%, the Company’s market share for special debts reached a new high, and retained deposits
           of RMB665.939 billion via capital for bond issuance. At the same time, taking the special debts service as an
           opportunity, the Company explored regional investment and financing planning and research consulting services for
           local governments, and participated in the implementation of major regional projects. It exported Fintech capabilities
           to industry authorities, solving technical pain points and improving user experience, and continued to deepen the
           construction and promotion of convenience service platforms, with branch coverage of social security, healthcare
           security and provident fund inquiry scenarios exceeding 50%. The Company has set up occupational annuity inquiry
           scenarios in four provinces, so as to “let the people run fewer errands (讓民眾少跑路)” while attracting more
           high-quality retail customers. Taking China Merchants Group’s “trillion pension platform (萬億養老金平台)” as an
           opportunity, the Company opened up the “client-side, asset-side and capital-side” of pension business, and helped
           speed up the positioning of “One Body with Two Wings (一體兩翼)” flywheel. Our entrusted annuity and annuity
           account management licenses have been reviewed by the national authority. As at the end of the reporting period,
           our entrusted enterprise and occupational annuities amounted to RMB138.234 billion, and the number of enterprise
           annuity accounts under management reached 2,088,800. During the reporting period, the Company had 43,100
           institutional customers, with an average daily deposit balance of RMB967.570 billion.
           With regards to its financial institution customers, on the basis of understanding the industry attributes and
           clarifying customer profiles, the Company included its financial institution customers into the Company’s ecosystem
           of cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management. While improving financial value, the Company focused more
           on the platform value of financial institution customers, made full use of the professional capabilities of financial
           institution customers to serve the Bank’s strategy, so as to more effectively support the development of retail and
           corporate businesses.
           With regards to its cross-border customers, returning to the origin of serving customers, the Company leveraged on
           our advantages of full licenses on providing services to NRA, FTN and OSA accounts, innovatively designed product
           portfolio from the perspective of customers, provided full life-cycle service plans for domestic and overseas markets,
           and further strengthened the flywheel linkage of internal and external ecological partners through the online
           product system covering settlement, trading and financing, with a view to creating a cross-border business service
           platform on the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management and improving the Company’s comprehensive
           service capabilities and differentiated competitive advantages. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
           had 74,553 corporate customers in respect of international settlement, representing a year-on-year increase of
           14.36%.




           18
                  The number of strategic customers under the Head Office is that of the group customers as the strategic customers under the Head Office
                  served by the Company.
           19
                  The number of branch-level strategic customers is that of the corporate customers as the branch-level strategic customers served by the
                  Company.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     65
Annual Report 2021


      With regards to its Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼) customers, focusing on customer needs, the Company integrated
      various service resources, upgraded the services for Qian Ying Zhan Yi customers, and provided customers with
      multi-dimensional services such as “talent management + capital support + industry integration” based on digital
      services, striving to improve the full life cycle, differentiated and comprehensive service capabilities for Qian Ying
      Zhan Yi customers, and continuously deepen the acquisition of Qian Ying Zhan Yi customers and operation. The
      Company participated in and supported the 10th China Innovation & Entrepreneurship Competition (第十屆中國創
      新創業大賽) by joining hands with the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology (科技部火炬中心),
      the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Beijing Stock Exchange to provide high-quality
      financial services for participating enterprises. At the same time, focusing on customers of to-be-listed enterprises,
      the Company worked with stock exchanges, governments, intermediaries, private equity and other listing service
      ecological partners to provide customers of to-be-listed enterprises with comprehensive service solutions covering
      ICPT from multiple dimensions such as “channel + product + service”. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      number of Qian Ying Zhan Yi customers of the Company reached 31,713.
      With regards to its basic customers, the Company created an online and offline integrated service model based on
      “AI + manual”, with the middle-office of the Head Office and branches as the main guide and data-driven as the
      core, to provide digital operation services for millions of small-, medium- and micro-sized enterprise customers.
      During the reporting period, the Company served 18,290,000 customers through various online channels, which
      effectively improved its efficiency of customer service. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had
      978,400 corporate customers for withholding transactions, representing an increase of 118,400 customers over the
      end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the transaction amount was RMB1.50 trillion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 42.83%.
      Corporate loans
      As at the end of the reporting period, total corporate loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,882.161 billion,
      representing an increase of 7.00% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 35.84%
      of total loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing a decrease of 1.34 percentage points as
      compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of the medium- and long-term loans to
      domestic enterprises amounted to RMB1,229.548 billion, representing an increase of 21.40% as compared with
      the end of the previous year and accounting for 68.68% of the total loans to domestic enterprises, representing an
      increase of 6.59 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio
      of our corporate loans was 1.31%, representing a decrease of 0.38 percentage point as compared with the end
      of the previous year; the weighted average default probability of the risk exposure of the domestic non-defaulting
      corporate customers was 0.72%, down by 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      The quality of corporate loan assets was stable.
      Since the underlying data is subject to adjustment or elimination as a result of change in classification of certain
      enterprises after they have grown larger in scale at the beginning of the year, the caliber of our large-, medium-
      and small-sized enterprises business at the beginning of the year was adjusted as compared to the end of the
      previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s loans granted to domestic
      large-sized enterprises amounted to RMB1,557.580 billion, representing an increase of 9.72% as compared with
      the beginning of the year, and accounting for 87.00% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, down
      by 0.02 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.28%,
      down by 0.37 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of the Company’s loans
      granted to domestic medium-sized enterprises amounted to RMB104.505 billion, representing a decrease of 21.51%
      as compared with the beginning of the year, and accounting for 5.84% of our total loans granted to domestic
      enterprises, down by 2.32 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan
      ratio was 3.44%, down by 0.07 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of
      the loans granted to domestic small-sized enterprises amounted to RMB128.135 billion, representing an increase
      of 63.09% as compared with the beginning of the year, and accounting for 7.16% of our total loans granted to
      domestic enterprises, up by 2.34 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing
      loan ratio was 0.74%, down by 0.94 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year.
66   China Merchants Bank           Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to the national policy orientation, steadily
           optimised the corporate loan structure, focused on strengthening financial support and investment in high-quality
           manufacturing, green economy, strategic emerging industries and other fields, and continued to pay attention
           to business opportunities such as mixed ownership reform of state-owned enterprises and refinancing of listed
           companies. At the same time, for key regulated and control areas such as real estate and local government financing
           platforms, the Company strictly implemented loan granting control in accordance with regulatory guidelines. As at
           the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to manufacturing of the Company was RMB320.060 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB45.380 billion as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting
           for 17.00% of the total corporate loans of the Company; the balance of green loans20 of the Company was
           RMB263.842 billion, representing an increase of RMB55.254 billion as compared with the beginning of the year and
           accounting for 14.02% of the total corporate loans of the Company; the balance of loans to strategic emerging
           industries was RMB219.154 billion, representing an increase of RMB47.739 billion as compared with the end of the
           previous year and accounting for 11.64% of the total corporate loans of the Company. For further details of loans
           extended to the sectors which are subject to the strict regulation of the nation, such as the real estate industry and
           the local government financing platforms, please refer to section 3.9.
           During the reporting period, focusing on the operation scenarios of strategic customers and institutional customers,
           the Company expanded the upstream and downstream ecosystem, built digital processes and intelligent risk control
           through data connection and risk modeling, improved online, automatic level and risk control capabilities of the
           entire product process, and created a digital financing product system for small- and medium-sized enterprises with
           “channel, scenario and online”. Going deep into the industry, we created a new model of vertical supply chain for
           the industry, and provided data financing innovation services for customers in the automobile industry supply chain
           through our “Zhang Quan Chi (賬權池)” product, realising digitisation of scenario interaction, online operation
           process and intelligent risk control. In the meantime, the Company provided data financing innovation services for
           customers in the new retail industrial chain through “Shang Chao Dai (商超貸)”, creating an easy-to-operate online
           business process which may grant loans on the day of account opening. Focusing on government procurement,
           export tax rebate, medical insurance settlement and other scenarios, the Company iteratively optimised our “Zheng
           Cai Dai (政採貸)” and “Tuishui Kuaidai (退稅快貸)” products, and developed medical insurance scenarios with “Yi
           Bao Dai (醫保貸)”. We continued to optimise the credit business process, and realised functions such as online
           credit authorisation, registration of companies and natural persons through mobiles, collateral and evaluation, and
           initiation of rating to improve customer experience.
           The main purpose of the Company’s syndicated loan business is to enhance interbank cooperation and information
           sharing, and to spread the risks associated with large-amount loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of syndicated loans of the Company amounted to RMB304.358 billion.
           Bill business
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to consolidate the customer base of bill business. Focusing on
           the key products of bill business, it optimised processes and innovated products with customer experience as the
           core, further strengthening its digital inclusive financial service capabilities.
           The first was to continuously consolidate the customer base, with the main business indicators ranking among the
           top in the market. During the reporting period, the Company had 140,878 customers of bill business, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 20.80%, and its bills direct discounting business amounted to RMB1,250.787 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 6.14%, ranking second in the market in terms of business volume (data
           from the China Banking Association). In particular, the Company had 18,036 customers of bills online discounting
           business, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.27%. Micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprise customers
           accounted for 94%. At the same time, the operations of supply chain customers of the Company were effective, and
           the commercial acceptance bill discounting business showed a good developing trend. During the reporting period,
           the volume of commercial acceptance bill discounting business of the Company amounted to RMB186.120 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 76.10%, with a market share of 15.28% (data from Shanghai Commercial
           Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd.), representing a year-on-year increase of 5.05 percentage points. Our volume of
           commercial acceptance bill discounting business ranked first in the market (data from the Commercial Bank Bill
           Business Association). As at the end of the reporting period, the bill discounting balance of the Company amounted
           to RMB429.105 billion, representing an increase of 31.03% from the end of the previous year.




           20
                  According to the statistics of the special statistical system for green loans of the PBOC, and with the figures at the beginning of the year
                  adjusted on the same basis.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     67
Annual Report 2021


      During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen the integrated trading and investment research
      mechanism of the Head Office and branches and transactions regarding discounted bills transferred to other
      financial institutions, which further enhanced the stickiness of our financial institution customers. The discounted
      bills transferred to other financial institutions amounted to RMB1,248.831 billion, representing a year-on-year
      growth of 28.07%, ranking second in the market in terms of business volume (data from the China Banking
      Association).
      The second was to continuously implement the bill rediscounting monetary policy of the PBOC, actively support
      corporate financing through rediscounting to accurately drive the real economy. Affected by the policy that the
      proportion of bill rediscounting conducted by the PBOC for local legal person financial institutions shall not be less
      than 50%, the business volume of bill rediscounting in various regions of the Company, being a national joint-stock
      bank, has been restricted. During the reporting period, the business volume of bill rediscounting amounted to
      RMB177.189 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.17%. As at the end of the reporting period, the bill
      rediscounting balance of the Company amounted to RMB65.413 billion, the market share of which ranked first in
      the industry (data from the China Banking Association).
      Corporate customer deposits
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on the capital opportunities of key businesses in the market
      to organise for the acquisition of high-quality customers emphasising on both quantity and quality, and realised
      stable growth in corporate deposits. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate customer
      deposits amounted to RMB3,944.520 billion, representing an increase of 12.43% as compared with the end of the
      previous year; the daily average balance amounted to RMB3,765.840 billion, representing an increase of 12.02% as
      compared with the previous year; the demand deposits accounted for 62.29% of the balance of the daily average
      deposits from our corporate customers, up by 4.89 percentage points as compared with the previous year. During
      the reporting period, the average cost ratio of deposits from corporate customers was 1.62%, down by 13 basis
      points as compared with the previous year.
      Transaction banking business
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on the full-cycle fund settlement management of enterprise
      operations, creating an operation model featuring segmentation and classification of customers and establishing a
      transaction banking product and service system from the perspective of customers.
      Focusing on the large-scale payment collection business, the Company served enterprises with whole-process fund
      settlement management. During the reporting period, the Company had 972,700 active customers for corporate
      collection, with a collection amount of RMB75.49 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.20% and
      21.50%, respectively. In order to enhance the Company’s competitiveness in fund settlement management and
      improve the unpleasant experience of repeated system connections, overlapping of product functions and repeated
      redirection due to the dispersion of traditional payment collection products, the Company integrated multiple key
      fund settlement channels such as aggregated collection, All-in-one Net Payment (一網通支付), Transaction Keeper (交
      易管家), CMB APP, CMB Corporate APP, Cloud Bill (雲賬單), etc., to create an omni-channel online and offline fund
      settlement product for sales management, B-end (business) and C-end (customer) payment collection management,
      fund management and payment management – “Corporate Cashier (企業收銀台)”. During the reporting period,
      the transaction amount of Corporate Cashier amounted to RMB2.13 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      130.61% as compared with the total transaction amount of various settlement channels before the integration.
      The Company continued to strengthen the export of financial technology, focused on the digital transformation
      and upgrading of industrial chain and enterprise customers, and created differentiated competitive advantages
      in the field of “enterprise service + financial service”. Based on its own experience in the process of digital
      transformation, the Company created corresponding products with its financial technology capabilities, thereby
      forming a competitive advantage of “offering our customised services and having edge over the peers to achieve
      the integration of business and finance (人無我有，人有我優，業財一體化)” in aspects such as corporate financial
      management, contract order management, employee connections, invoice management and account reconciliation.
      Based on “CBS+” treasury management open platform, the Company created a full ecological chain of enterprise
      services, improved the platform’s connectivity through super direct application, and created products such as Invoice
      Cloud (發票雲) and electronic contract signing (電子簽約), so as to serve the collaborative needs of upstream and
      downstream industries. At the same time, sales cloud (銷售雲), equity incentives, cloud reconciliation (雲對賬) and
      other products were used to solve the pain points of digital transformation for enterprises in key scenarios such as
      sales, employee incentives and reconciliation. During the reporting period, the Company provided “CBS+” treasury
      management open platform services to 3,815 group customers. The number of companies under the treasury
      management reached 144,900, representing a year-on-year increase of 41.78%. During the reporting period, the
      number of transactions of various accounts under the treasury management reached 42.1913 million, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 58.96%. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of contracted customers on
      Invoice Cloud was 106,457, increasing by 845.61% as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of
      customer invoices under management was 12.3560 million, increasing by 217.01% as compared with the end of the
      previous year.
68   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Through innovation of trade financing products and online basic financing products, the Company solved the
           pain points of enterprises while improving customer experience. Firstly, through the combined marketing plan
           of “factoring + bills”, we solved the problem regarding the difficulty in collecting payments from small- and
           medium-sized enterprises along the supply chain under the scenario of credit sales + bill settlement. During the
           reporting period, the volume of supply chain financing business amounted to RMB612.008 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 49.75%. Secondly, we launched “Shan Dian Yi Fu (閃電議付)” for domestic letter of credit
           to realise online automatic negotiated payment financing, and the business processing time was shortened from 2
           days to 15 minutes. Thirdly, we comprehensively improved the function of electronic letter of guarantee. Following
           the launch of the full-margin electronic letter of guarantee, the Company upgraded it and launched the 2.0 version
           of “Instant Issuance of Letter of Guarantee (保函閃電開)” to achieve online opening of bid guarantee under bank
           credit. During the reporting period, the business volume of domestic letter of guarantee amounted to RMB124.605
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.67%. Fourthly, relying on big data technology and advantages,
           we made use of enterprise transaction data such as transfer and remittance and invoice in the supply chain,
           combined them with credible data from the government regarding taxation and social security, etc., and launched
           data financing products to further solve financing difficulties of small- and medium-sized enterprises. During the
           reporting period, the business volume of the Company’s domestic trade financing amounted to RMB776.644 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 29.26%.
           Cross-border finance business
           During the reporting period, the Company integrated service resources, centralised the management of cross-border
           business and offshore business and other international financial businesses, and continued to build a comprehensive
           cross-border finance service system, providing customers operating globally with a “resident + non-resident”
           package of comprehensive finance services. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s corporate
           international settlement amounted to USD369.854 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.75%. The
           business volume of foreign exchange settlement and sales of corporate customers amounted to USD157.574 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 32.88%.
           The Company gave full play to the advantages of full-license service for three types of non-resident accounts, and
           innovatively design product solutions. Through the two-wheel drives of “residents + non-residents”, “online +
           personalisation”, “recurring projects + capital projects”, “investment banking + commercial banking” and others,
           the Company further strengthened the flywheel linkage of internal and external financial ecological partners, and
           formulated full life-cycle service plans covering domestic and overseas markets.
           The Company strove to build a cross-border product system, and continued to increase investment in order
           to improve the digital service capabilities of cross-border finance services, thereby forming an online product
           system covering settlement, transaction and financing. During the reporting period, the Company completed the
           optimisation of 47 function points such as outbound remittance for online corporate banking, full margin deposit
           online and capital project digitisation, and obtained the exclusive pilot qualification for digital services for capital
           projects. By conducting research and development and system construction for a number of deposit products in local
           and foreign currencies, the Company further improved its cross-border deposit product system.
           At the same time, the Company continued to strengthen the anti-money laundering compliance construction for
           cross-border finance, deeply practice the concept of compliance leading the healthy development of business, and
           establish and improve the “risk-oriented” management system. The Company focused on promoting the end-to-end
           process optimisation of anti-money laundering for international business from the two directions of “full-process
           online” and “comprehensive integration”, and emphasised on anti-money laundering system construction, money
           laundering risk assessment, anti-money laundering publicity and education, etc., thereby building a solid line of
           defense for compliance.
           Investment banking business
           During the reporting period, the Company focused on key customer groups, made every effort to build a
           systematic service capability for the capital market around the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management,
           strengthened the concept of “risk control first”, and emphasised on bond underwriting, M&A financing and various
           innovative businesses, with a view to building an investment banking business ecosystem and promoting the steady
           development of its investment banking business.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      69
Annual Report 2021


      With respect to its bond underwriting business, the Company strove to build an all-round service system for bond
      issuance enterprises to achieve growth in both quantity and quality of business. During the reporting period, the
      bonds with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to RMB746.416 billion, ranking third in the industry
      (data from the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors). At the same time, the Company
      actively responded to the national requirements for energy conservation and emission reduction, and supported rural
      development and construction. During the reporting period, the first batch of debt financing instruments involving
      various related fields were launched nationwide.
      With respect to its M&A financing business, the Company organised credit assets focusing on the needs of
      high-quality listed companies, state-owned enterprises and other key customers for industrial integration, mergers
      and acquisitions and restructuring. During the reporting period, the overall scale of the M&A market decreased
      year-on-year, but the Company’s M&A business continued to grow, with remarkable results in syndicated
      distribution, that the Company achieved M&A financing of RMB203.636 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 28.53%. Focusing on the complex business needs of the capital market, the Company implemented 200
      M&A financing projects throughout the year, including a series of high-profile M&A projects, which enhanced the
      influence of the Company in the M&A market.
      With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company has built a comprehensive service system
      including asset allocation and investment advisory for “cash cow (現金牛)” enterprises. In response to the needs of
      wealth management corporate customers, the Company has created a full-chain service system covering pre-sale
      service, in-sale service and after-sale service. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of
      corporate wealth management products was RMB425.286 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.09%.
      The number of customers was 70,400, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.48%.
      With respect to its market transactions (matching services) business, leveraging the respective strengths of various
      licensed financial institutions in the market, the Company strove to build a circle of friends for market transaction
      funding parties, continued to create an open and integrated investment and financing matching model, and
      provided integrated and multi-channel solutions for the diversified and complex business needs of its customers.
      During the reporting period, the business scale of market transactions (matching services) of the Company amounted
      to RMB307.629 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.65%.
      Financial institution business
      With respect to its financial institution asset and liability business, the Company continued to deepen the operations
      of financial institution customers, and actively expanded low-cost high-quality financial institution liabilities based
      on the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management and the needs of liquidity management of the Bank.
      During the reporting period, the daily average balance of financial institution deposits of the Company amounted
      to RMB748.460 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.41%. Among them, the daily average balance
      of financial institution demand deposits from fund clearing, settlement and depository service amounted to
      RMB618.904 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.72%.
      With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository services were in stable
      operation, with third-party depository services extending to 104 securities companies and 14,235,900 customers
      secured at the end of the reporting period. In addition, the Company entered into cooperation with 88 securities
      companies on margin trading and short selling business, securing 513,100 customers at the end of the reporting
      period. Also, the Company entered into cooperation with 58 securities companies on stock options business,
      securing 40,800 customers at the end of the reporting period, and entered into cooperation with 138 future
      companies on fund transfer, securing 301,900 customers at the end of the reporting period.
70   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           With respect to interbank clearing, as at the end of the reporting period, there were 255 customers which
           participated indirectly through the Company in the RMB Cross-border Interbank Payment System (CIPS), ranking first
           among all small- and medium-sized banks in China and second in the industry (according to the data released by the
           CIPS).
           With respect to the businesses on interbank online service platform, through the interbank online service platform
           “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)”, the Company provided financial institutions with online sales and trading services of
           various products and assets throughout the market, creating a cooperation ecosystem among financial institutions.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the number of financial institution clients on the “Zhao Ying Tong” platform
           of the Company reached 2,973, and during the reporting period, the online business volume amounted to
           RMB1,588.691 billion, increasing by 43.45% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Asset management business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China
           Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital and CIGNA & CMAM, all being subsidiaries of the Company, amounted
           to RMB4.31 trillion21, representing an increase of 14.92% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
           which the balance of wealth management products under management by CMB Wealth Management amounted
           to RMB2.78 trillion22, representing an increase of 13.47% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale
           of asset management business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.35 trillion, representing an increase
           of 16.70% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of asset management business of CMB
           International Capital amounted to RMB97.4 billion, representing an increase of 11.76% as compared with the end
           of the previous year; the scale of asset management business of CIGNA & CMAM amounted to RMB85.3 billion,
           representing an increase of 41.35% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           During the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management solidly advanced various tasks. In terms of promoting
           business transformation, firstly, it complied with regulatory requirements to complete the rectification plan for the
           transition period of the New Regulation on Asset Management. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of
           new products23 was RMB2.60 trillion, representing an increase of 56.63% as compared with the end of the previous
           year, and accounting for 93.53% of the balance of wealth management products, up by 25.77 percentage points
           as compared with the end of the previous year. The remaining old products were used to take up case assets that
           had been approved by the regulatory authorities. In the future, CMB Wealth Management will monitor the assets in
           accordance with the disposal plan and complete the disposal of case assets in a steady and orderly manner through
           various methods. Secondly, in accordance with the requirements of the Notice on Standardising the Management
           of Cash Management Wealth Management Products (the “New Cash Regulations”), CMB Wealth Management
           carried out the transformation of cash products. The average duration of assets was reasonably reduced, and
           customers were guided to increase the allocation of non-cash products. It is expected that cash products will achieve
           steady transformation after the transition period of the New Cash Regulations. In terms of improving its risk
           management, CMB Wealth Management strengthened the review of key industries and large customers, improved
           the concentration risk control of single credit entity, strengthened the compliance risk assessment of new products
           and new business strategies, formulated market risk emergency plans for wealth management products, and
           improved its efficiency and capability to respond to market risk emergencies. In terms of enriching its product
           system, CMB Wealth Management focused on customer needs to create wealth management products with
           distinctive features. The scale of fixed income+, multi-asset and equity products grew steadily. At the same time,
           it continued to deepen the cooperation with JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited. Leveraging their
           respective advantages in fixed income and global equity investment, both parties jointly issued four products.




           21
                  The total asset management business of China Merchants Fund and CMB International Capital include the data of their subsidiaries.
           22
                  The balance is the sum of customers’ principal in the off-balance sheet wealth management products and the changes in net value of net-
                  value products as at the end of the reporting period.
           23
                  New products are wealth management products in compliance with the relevant provisions of the New Regulation on Asset Management.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       71
Annual Report 2021


      During the reporting period, China Merchants Fund further improved its investment and research capabilities,
      deepened customer operations, enriched product layout, and strengthened risk compliance protection. Its business
      development achieved “steady progress”, and its scale of asset management increased rapidly. Among which,
      the scale of its non-monetary mutual funds reached RMB548.345 billion, representing an increase of 55.40% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. In respect of strengthening the construction of its investment and
      research system, China Merchants Fund established the investment and research value of “duty, dedication and
      openness” and set up an industrial chain team to promote the transformation from in-depth research to investment.
      In respect of serving customers through multiple channels, during the reporting period, the scale of newly
      issued products of China Merchants Fund exceeded RMB a hundred billion. China Merchants Fund created the “Rui
      (瑞)” series funds of fixed income + brand, and cultivated tens of millions of customers of China Merchants Fund
      by strengthening the operational advantages of its Internet platform. While strengthening the professional service
      capabilities of its institutional business, its pension business continued to develop well. In respect of improving the
      layout of products, China Merchants Fund took into account market demand, characteristic tracks and balanced
      strategies in order to improve the layout of its mutual fund products, launching the first batch of innovative products
      such as STAR & CHINEXT 50 (科創創業 50), Public MOM (公募 MOM) and Enhanced ETF (增強型 ETF). At the same
      time, China Merchants Fund focused on promoting its public REITs business, and won 5 new projects during the
      reporting period. At the same time, it actively carried out pilot fund investment advisory business and obtained the
      qualification for pilot investment advisory business in June 2021. In respect of strengthening its risk control and
      compliance protection, China Merchants Fund continued to sort out risk indicators in key areas, carried out risk
      map construction, while improved its risk identification and early warning capabilities, and strengthened liquidity risk
      monitoring of key funds. There were no major risk compliance incidents occurred during the reporting period.
      During the reporting period, CMB International Capital actively gave full play to its professional ability of asset
      organisation, proactively integrated into the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management, upgraded the
      linkage mechanism of investment banking and commercial banking, and further broadened the access channels for
      high-quality projects and investors, continuously expanding the brand effect among different types of customers
      at home and abroad. In respect of domestic equity investment fund business, the investment efficiency and
      industry influence continued to improve. During the year, there are 7 new domestic and overseas listed projects,
      and the investor structure continued to be optimised. CMB International Capital was ranked 5th in the “2021 Top
      100 Private Equity Investment Institutions in China (2021年中國私募股權投資機構100強)” by Zero2IPO. In respect
      of the overseas asset management business, the medical innovation series funds, fixed-income FOF funds, debt
      series funds and other products of CMB International Capital all realised gains against the market volatility in Hong
      Kong’s capital market. Bond grading funds, Fintech funds, consumer equity funds, special opportunity funds, new
      growth driver funds and other diversified products have improved the service ability to comprehensively allocate
      assets for customers, driving the further optimisation of customer structure.
      Since its commencement on 18 October 2020, CIGNA & CMAM has taken into account the characteristics of
      insurance asset management business and the resource endowment of its shareholders to seize the strategic
      opportunities of the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management and determine the company’s position
      as a stable long-term capital management institution. The two core capabilities of “large-scale asset allocation
      and comprehensive risk management” gave full play to the advantages of long-term capital investment and the
      creation of differentiated insurance bond investment banking products, fully integrating into the Group’s flywheel.
      During the reporting period, firstly, it carried out the entrusted management by focusing on the main business of
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, achieved the investment objectives, and helped CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance improve
      investment returns with professional investment, thereby feeding back to the product creation. Secondly, it centered
      around the asset allocation demand for insurance funds and pension funds, focused on promoting long-term asset
      organisation, and proactively carried out investment and financing business cooperation with the Head Office and
      branches of the Company and other subsidiaries of the CMB, thereby driving the flywheel of asset organisation with
      long-term capital investment.
72   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Asset custody business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB19.46 trillion,
           representing an increase of 21.25% compared to the end of the previous year, and maintained second in the
           domestic custody industry in terms of scale of custody and ranked first in terms of increment according to the data
           released by the China Banking Association. During the reporting period, the Company realised a custodian fee
           income of RMB5.396 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.02%.
           During the reporting period, the Company’s custody business achieved both the scale of operation and quality of
           income. While continuing to optimise the business structure and making key breakthroughs in innovative products,
           the Company continued to deepen the operations of custody customers, improve the capability of custody customer
           acquisition and comprehensive service and improve its custody risk management system, thereby operating the
           custody business of the Bank in a safe and stable manner.
           Firstly, the Company continued to optimise its business structure, and improve the proportion of key businesses as
           well as its industry rankings. As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of custody of mutual fund amounted
           to RMB1.97 trillion, representing an increase of 44.27% as compared with the end of the previous year, and its
           proportion in the custody business of the Bank increased by 1.61 percentage points as compared with the end of
           the previous year. The scale of custody of mutual fund ranked fifth in the industry, up by two places (data from the
           China Banking Association). Commission income from mutual fund custody business amounted to RMB2.662 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 84.86% and accounting for 49.33% of commission income from the Bank’s
           custody business, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.17 percentage points. Among the mutual funds newly
           issued during the year, the Company managed a total of 253 funds with a total size of RMB406.765 billion, ranking
           first in the industry in terms of both number and size (WIND data). As at the end of the reporting period, the scale
           of insurance custody amounted to RMB1.66 trillion, representing an increase of 46.42% as compared with the end
           of the previous year. In addition, as at the end of the reporting period, the Company ranked first in the industry in
           terms of the scale of bank wealth management, trust, asset management of securities companies and custody of
           special fund accounts (data from the China Banking Association).
           Secondly, our market share in key innovative businesses was high, forming competitive advantages in custody
           business with CMB’s characteristics. As the Company continued to improve its research capabilities and quick
           response capabilities for innovative businesses, giving full play to its professional advantages and providing
           professional and all-round comprehensive service support for custody customers, it actively supported the supply-side
           structural reform of the State. During the year, the Company managed 7 of the first batch of 9 public REITs projects
           in China, accounting for 77.78% of the market share, which initially formed a leading advantage in the public
           REITs field. In addition, the Company maintained its leading position in the industry in terms of market share in the
           sub-custody businesses of newly approved innovative index mutual funds, MOM and FOF funds throughout the year.
           At the same time, the Company actively participated in the pilot program of pension wealth management, launched
           the first batch of exclusive commercial pension insurance products under custody, thereby practicing inclusive
           finance and contributing to the construction of the third pillar of China’s pension system.
           Thirdly, we continued to build the “custody plus (託管+)” value-added service system to improve customer
           experience. The Company always focused on customer needs, created value with professionalism, and served
           customers with platform thinking. Focusing on customers’ pain points, it provided differentiated value-added service
           support through Fintech empowerment. The Company continued to build an investment and research integrated
           auxiliary platform, covering diversified needs such as customer asset allocation, business management and
           compliance and risk control.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     73
Annual Report 2021


      Financial markets business
      During the reporting period, the situations of the domestic and foreign economies and financial market were
      complex. Under the combined effect of the ups and downs of global pandemic, uneven economic recovery and the
      impact of credit default events, the bond market interest rate showed a downward trend in general.
      With respect to RMB bond investment, through in-depth research and analysis of domestic and foreign macro
      economic situations and policies, the Company anticipated market trends and captured market opportunities while
      effectively controlling market risks and credit risks. During the reporting period, based on the overall judgment of a
      volatile market in 2021, the Company took the initiative to increase investment, maintain high positions in accounts
      and extend the duration in the first half of the year. In the third quarter, the yield dropped significantly, and the
      profit was settled. At the same time, the range trading operation was carried out, and the positions and duration
      were further increased in the fourth quarter. For the whole year, while obtaining stable allocation income from
      underlying positions, the Company obtained spread income through trading operation, which effectively improved
      the overall income of the portfolio. In terms of foreign currency bond investment, the Company appropriately
      adjusted the industry structure of bonds in the portfolio based on its judgment on the international economic
      situation and market trends, further improving portfolio quality and ensuring profitability of the portfolio. In
      addition, the Company actively explored the application of quantitative technology in the fixed income field, and the
      interest rate bond duration strategy has been implemented in real situations.
      With respect to foreign exchange transactions, the Company conducted in-depth research on the operating
      characteristics of the global foreign exchange market under the pandemic situation, and actively grasped the rhythm
      of the two-way fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate. With stable trading exposure management and flexible
      market-making strategies, the Company achieved satisfactory results in related businesses.
      With respect to precious metals trading, the Company focused on exploring investment and trading opportunities in
      the relevant precious metal market under the changes in the international economic and political situations. Through
      multi-dimensional trading strategies, the Company captured the downward trend of international gold price during
      the year to achieve good returns on investment transactions.
      With respect to customer transaction business, the Company actively promoted the concept of exchange rate risk
      neutral management to corporate customers, and customised exchange rate risk management plans for customers.
      At the same time, it actively used Fintech to serve customers, continued to enrich the types of transactions that
      customers can use to manage risks, and facilitated the settlement and sale of foreign exchange funds for customers
      through online transactions, providing customers with a green channel for exchange rate risk management. The
      “CMB Hedging (招銀避險)” service system was further improved, and both the number of customer transaction
      customers and the trading volumes continued to grow.
      During the reporting period, the trading volumes of RMB exchange rate swaps amounted to USD808.621 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 4.69%. The trading volumes of transaction services to the corporate
      customers amounted to USD217.217 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.88%, which was mainly
      because the Company expanded the volume of foreign exchange business of customers by promoting the exchange
      rate risk-neutral concept to corporate customers. In addition, the Company continued to actively participate in the
      bilateral opening up of the bond market. It was among the first batch to participate in the Southbound Trading
      under Bond Connect, and was once again awarded the “Excellent Market Maker of Bond Connect (債券通優秀做市
      商)” award by Bond Connect Company Limited.
74   China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.10.3 Distribution channels
           The Company provides products and services via multiple distribution channels. The distribution channels of the
           Company mainly consist of physical distribution channels and e-banking channels.
           Physical distribution channels
           The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The Company’s distribution network primarily covers major
           cities in Mainland China, as well as Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg, Sydney and other
           international financial centers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 143 branches and 1,770
           sub-branches, one dedicated branch-level operation center (credit card center), one representative office, 2,812 self-
           service centers, 6,592 self-service machines and 14,746 visual counters in more than 130 cities of Mainland China.
           The Company also has a branch in Hong Kong; a branch and a representative office in New York, the United States;
           a branch in London, the UK; a branch in Singapore; a branch in Luxembourg; a representative office in Taipei and a
           branch in Sydney, Australia.
           E-banking channels
           Major retail e-banking channels
           CMB APP
           During the reporting period, the Company released CMB APP 10.0, launched the diversified service for wealth
           management such as Zhao Zhao Bao Family, released the intelligent wealth assistant “AI Xiao Zhao” for the
           upgrading of whole life-cycle investment and financing services. The Company launched an open wealth
           management platform to co-build an ecosystem with wealth partners. Meanwhile, the Company continued to
           improve the capabilities of digital middle-office system and enhance its platform-based and intelligence strengths to
           facilitate the operation of the Bank.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the aggregate number of users of CMB APP amounted to 170,000,000.
           During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB APP reached 17,540,700 and the
           number of logins to the CMB APP was 7.622 billion in the year, with a monthly average individual logins of 11.42.
           The number of monthly active users was 65,416,900 as at the end of the period. During the reporting period, CMB
           APP had 1.914 billion transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB59.62 trillion, up by 6.16% and 45.73%
           respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
           CMB Life APP for credit card
           During the reporting period, CMB Life APP continued to upgrade its products and services to create value for users.
           The Company introduced wealth management services such as “Zhao Zhao Bao (朝朝寶)” into the CMB Life APP
           in an effort to make wealth management accessible to ordinary people, launched a number of popular marketing
           activities such as “Cashback Rebate, Daily Koi (筆筆返現，天天錦鯉)”, “Golden Months of September and October,
           Daily Rebate (金九銀十，天天返利)”, “Free Chicken Leg for Mobile Payment (手機支付加雞腿)” and “10 yuan Storm
           (十元風暴)”, mobilising a sizeable customer base in a continuous and efficient way, so that MAU could maintain a
           high level of stability while optimising its structure for closer connection with customer management.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the aggregate number of users of CMB Life APP amounted to 127,000,000.
           During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB Life APP reached 7,477,300 and
           the number of monthly active users was 45,934,400 as at the end of the period. In terms of the number of online
           activity of users, CMB Life APP was in the front rank among other credit card APPs in the banking industry.
           Network operation service
           The Company’s Network Operation Service Center provides instant, comprehensive, prompt and professional services
           to its customers through caring methods such as telephone, network and video.
           The Company diversified its online service support with the application of new technologies such as multimedia
           integration and multi-screen interaction to further cater to customers’ online service demands and interaction
           habits, enhanced the fluency and precision of service with intelligent technology in assisting in accurate problem
           positioning and service judgment in the manual service, earnestly implemented services for elderly customers with
           fast access and one-stop exclusive manual service while strengthening customer voice analysis and constantly driving
           the improvement of pain points for a more pleasant customer service experience. During the reporting period,
           the Company achieved a success rate of 97.56% of remote online omni-channel connection for manual services,
           a remote online omni-channel 20-second manual response rate of 94.37%, and a remote online omni-channel
           customer satisfaction rate of 97.61%. The Company continued to accelerate the development of intelligent services,
           further construct online service scenarios, improve the training system of intelligent robots, enhance machine
           learning and algorithm optimisation and constantly explore the boundaries of robot capability with Fintech. During
           the reporting period, our intelligent self-services accounted for24 78.29%.

     24
           The percentage of services undertaken by intelligent robots in all types of remote inquiries (including phone calls and online text).
China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            75
Annual Report 2021


      Smart service system
      The Company continued to optimise its smart service network with the two major Apps, being “CMB APP” and
      “CMB Life APP” as the core, covering Network Operation Service Center and visual counters at our outlets. During
      the reporting period, the Company further strengthened the AI service and closed-loop service capabilities of
      the smart customer service assistant of CMB APP and the smart customer service assistant of CMB Life APP and
      continued to develop smart service products for our customers. Meanwhile, the Company insisted on the strategy
      of decentralised service interaction established by taking Fintech as the driving force, to precisely match customer
      needs, enrich service interaction modes and contents, and optimise such experience. During the reporting period,
      leveraging a variety of Internet channels for its branding and business promotion, the Company established the
      image of “professional and reliable wealth partner” with quality service content to facilitate business communication
      and strengthened the first brand of wealth management for constant enhancement of the Company’s online
      marketing promotion value and brand reputation. In addition, the Company continued to explore ways to reach out
      to the Generation Z25 and conducted high-frequency interaction with young users to form in-depth communication
      with young people.
      Major wholesale e-banking channels
      During the reporting period, the Company introduced the “corporate digital service system” to deploy and link up
      the Company’s top seven online service channels for corporate customers and to open up the data and user system,
      customers can enjoy services with no impediment for one-time registration. The Company officially launched two
      major systematic scenario-based service plans of “digital financial manager” and “digital business assistant” to
      reconstructed the corporate service ecosystem and realised the upgrading from single customer service to industrial
      chain cluster customer service with a view to becoming the closest digital transformation partner of customers. As at
      the end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,178,100 wholesale customers on the e-banking channels, with
      a coverage rate of 94.00% and 1,562,900 monthly active customers.
      Online corporate banking
      During the reporting period, the Company launched the new U-Bank11 version by revamping the visual page with
      an innovative user interaction mode featuring multi-screen interaction and order push, whilst newly launched the
      scenario-based special section service model for international business and supply chain to improve user experience.
      The Company initiated the “Light Bank” plan, which greatly optimised the user experience, and created a rather
      “light” online basic customer service channel to improve the interactive friendliness of electronic channels. The plan
      encouraged customers to visit the counter once and handle more than 90% of their business online, and offered
      opening of 6 service packages, so as to turn its online corporate banking service into an “easy-to-use, intelligent
      and open” digital service platform. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of online corporate banking
      customers of the Company reached 2,122,400, of which the number of monthly active customers was 1,273,300.
      The total number of online corporate banking transactions of the Company reached 283 million, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 13.87%, and total value of transactions amounted to RMB150.68 trillion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 19.59%, during the reporting period.
      CMB Corporate APP
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to boost the construction of various featured function
      scenarios of CMB Corporate APP, aiming to provide customers with interactive and friendly one-stop services. Firstly,
      it facilitated the scenario construction of business special section, and launched the electricity payment function for
      State Grid enterprises and the customs duties payment function. Secondly, it connected with the CMB Zhao Dai (招
      貸) APP and docked with the Instant Loan for Small- and Micro-Sized Enterprises (小微閃電貸) to provide fully online
      inclusive loans for CMB Corporate APP users. Thirdly, it launched the function of “Multiple Corporate Account
      View” in the legal entity version and “Individual + Corporate Banking” comprehensive service solutions of the CMB
      Corporate APP. Fourthly, it innovated and launched the function of corporate business card and corporate income
      and expense report to provide convenient management for wholesale customers’ collection and payment. Fifthly, it
      accelerated the construction of special section for Head Office and branches to create online special sections for key
      scenarios such as tax payment, e-government affairs and international business. Sixthly, it built an “activity center”,
      which gathered the popular tasks and activities inside CMB Corporate APP, to help customers better understand
      and use various functions of CMB Corporate APP by guiding them to complete various prize tasks. As at the end of
      the reporting period, the number of customers of CMB Corporate APP reached 1,234,800, of which monthly active
      customers reached 600,200. During the reporting period, the number of transactions made by customers through
      CMB Corporate APP amounted to 31,542,900, representing a year-on-year increase of 95.05%, with a transaction
      value of RMB777.787 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 128.33%.




25
      People born between 1995 and 2009, or collectively the generation that has been greatly influenced by technological products such as the Internet,
      instant messaging, smartphones and tablet computers.
76   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.10.4 IT and R&D
           During the reporting period, the Company centered around “14th Five-Year Plan” to build the “Strongest Digital
           Bank”, vigorously practiced the methodology of “openness and integration” and strove to build the industry
           leading information system under CMB 3.0 model to fully support the business transformation into 3.0 model while
           strengthening the core competitiveness of Fintech.
           In terms of business assurance, on the basis of the overall growth of output and the comprehensive acceleration
           of the “cloud + middle office” structural transformation, the overall operation of our information system remained
           sound and stable, with industry-leading availability of the core accounting system and backbone network. During
           the reporting period, the server room in phase I of Shenzhen Pinghu Cloud Data Center successfully commenced
           operation with the layout of three data centers in Shenzhen and Shanghai and the software centers in Shenzhen,
           Hangzhou and Chengdu to support the future development of Digital Bank.
           In terms of Fintech infrastructure, with the steady progress of cloud migration and switching, the cloud service
           capability has reached a new level, taking the industry leading position in private cloud, artificial intelligence,
           blockchain and other aspects. The Company upgraded the digital middle-office and technology middle-office to give
           play to digital asset precipitation and burden reduction empowerment, while researching and developing robotic
           process automation, which greatly reduced the research and development threshold, to facilitate the processing of
           a large number of repetitive and well-defined tasks effectively, efficiently and at low cost across the Bank and its
           subsidiaries. It launched the smart audit platform and achieved the intelligent audit of various complex businesses
           by using artificial intelligence technology. 14 new scenarios were added to the blockchain, and the blockchain
           ecosystem was further expanded.
           In terms of business system construction, the scientific and technological support of the cyclic value chain of
           extensive wealth management was strengthened to accelerate the construction of system platform and ecosystem.
           The Company released CMB APP 10.0 version, launched “Duo Bao Family (多寶家族)” wealth management services
           including “Yue Yue Bao (月月寶)”, “Ji Ji Bao (季季寶)”, “Ban Nian Bao (半年寶)”, upgraded “Zhao Cai Hao (招
           財號)”, an open wealth management platform, to open up the online operation ability to external partners, and
           released the new online intelligent wealth assistant “AI Xiao Zhao” while exploring the new model of “people +
           digitalisation”. It released Xin Fu Tong (薪福通) 3.0, which empowered the corporate digital transformation and
           vigorously promoted the capacity-building of corporate digital services so as to greatly increase the work efficiency
           of enterprises in attendance, calculation of salary and tax, and payroll. The Company opened up the last-mile digital
           transformation of branches, promoted the data cloud of 44 branches nationwide, and empowered the development
           of branches through branch special sections, tool platforms and engineering management systems.
           As for the brand building efforts with Digital Bank, the Company held innovative application competitions related to
           the “CMB Cloud (招行雲)”, blockchain, robotic process automation, intelligent finance, and office open platform to
           encourage the whole bank to provide innovative solutions and stimulate innovation vitality from the perspective of
           customers. During the reporting period, the Company was presented with a second prize and 4 third prizes in the
           selection of the 2020 Fintech Development Awards held by the People’s Bank of China.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      77
Annual Report 2021


3.10.5 Overseas branches
      Hong Kong Branch
      Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch is the first branch duly established overseas by the Company, which
      may engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses. With regard to corporate banking business, the
      Hong Kong Branch provides diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposits, settlement, trade
      financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A portfolio solutions, asset management and asset
      custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond trading and foreign exchange trading with financial institutions,
      and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution customers. With respect to retail banking,
      the Hong Kong Branch may provide cross-border personal banking services and private wealth management services
      for individual customers in Hong Kong and Mainland China. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-in-one Card”
      and “Hong Kong Bank-Securities Express”.
      In 2021, the Hong Kong Branch adjusted its business strategy, focusing on maintaining stability under tremendous
      external pressure such as global low interest rate, ongoing pandemic and closure of Hong Kong-mainland China
      border. While the traditional cross-border business was severely impacted, the Hong Kong Branch worked hard to
      develop featured businesses such as “private wealth management”, “asset custody” and “asset management”, and
      made every effort to reduce the amplitude and impact of business fluctuations in the face of adversities. During the
      reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch realised a net operating income of HK$1.824 billion and a profit before tax
      of HK$1.268 billion.
      New York Branch
      Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
      U.S. since the US Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is located in the global
      financial center and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised by coordination
      between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the companies and high-
      net-value private banking customers in China and the U.S..
      In 2021, our New York Branch overcame the difficulties of the pandemic and tapped deeply into the potential
      of cross-border business between China and the United States, with the aim of enhancing the comprehensive
      service capability of its cross-border financial platform, achieving restorative growth in operating profit. During the
      reporting period, our New York Branch realised a net operating income of USD93,260,500 and a profit before tax of
      USD53,174,500.
      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border financial
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch, which
      focusing on two major businesses, namely cross-border finance and wealth management, strives to provide all-round
      non-stop solutions for cross-border finance to the Chinese companies “going global” and the companies “brought
      in” located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. Its major services and products include: funds
      settlement, deposit service, foreign exchange trading, coordination financing, trade financing, M&A loans, syndicated
      loans, real estate trust leveraged financing and delisting financing. In terms of wealth management business, with
      the Private Banking (Singapore) Center was officially launched in April 2017 to provide private banking products and
      value-added services with integrated investment and financing solutions, such as cash management, asset allocation
      and heritage of wealth to high-net-value customers.
      In 2021, in the face of the ongoing pandemic and the complex and changing market environment, the Singapore
      Branch continued to optimise its cross-border business development with an effective integration of its corporate
      and private banking services to achieve synergy and strove to overcome the impacts of low interest rate, low growth
      and reduction of cross-border business, so as to ensure stable and orderly development of business. During the
      reporting period, the Singapore Branch realised a net operating income of USD18,779,300 and a loss before tax of
      USD12,702,800 as a result of the provision.
78   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Luxembourg Branch
           Established in 2015, the Luxembourg Branch of the Company is positioned as an important cross-border financial
           platform in European continent. It provides diversified services including corporate deposits, corporate loans, project
           financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A advisory, bond underwriting and asset management for the
           Chinese enterprises “going global” and the enterprises “brought in” from Europe. It is committed to establishing an
           operational platform of the Company in Europe on the basis of the superior businesses of the parent bank combined
           with the special advantages of Europe.
           In 2021, the Luxembourg Branch strove to overcome the impacts brought about by the pandemic, adjusted the
           development strategy in time by strengthening cooperation with domestic and overseas financial institutions while
           making remarkable efforts to expand its business and financing channels, with which it has achieved sound business
           development. During the reporting period, our Luxembourg Branch realised a net operating income of €12,483,300
           and a profit before tax of €4,663,300.
           London Branch
           Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in the
           United Kingdom among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks and also the first branch established in the
           United Kingdom directly by a bank in Mainland China since the founding of the PRC. It currently conducts
           corporate banking business and private banking business. With respect to corporate banking business, it provides
           customers with diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposits, loans (including bilateral
           loans, syndicated loans and cross-border M&A financing) and trade finance products, such as making payments on
           behalf of customers (代付) and forfeiting (福費廷). It also engages in interbank transaction of funds, bonds and
           foreign exchange trading, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with other financial institution customers.
           The private banking business currently provides basic services such as settlement, fixed deposit, foreign exchange
           transactions, mortgage loans and insurance referrals to meet the needs of our high-net-value customers for cross-
           border business and value-added services.
           In 2021, the London Branch adapted quickly to the external environmental changes by taking a firm hold of the
           opportunities emerging from the mutual investment business in China and the UK and reinforcing the development
           of its cross-border services and products while maintaining a tight control of risks and strengthening compliance
           management, with which it had secured steady business growth. During the reporting period, the London Branch
           achieved a net operating income of USD20,469,800 and a profit before tax of USD8,341,700.
           Sydney Branch
           Established in 2017, the Sydney Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in Australia
           among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks. It proactively participates in Sino-Australian cross-border investment
           and financing services, trade financing and settlement, exploitation of mineral resources and the development of
           quality infrastructure projects, and provides supporting services for “going-global” customers to lay out in Australia
           and New Zealand and for “brought-in” foreign leading enterprises to develop in China. At the same time, it
           steadily carried out private banking business in compliance with laws and regulations, and met the private banking
           customers’ needs for global service and the cross-border non-financial value-added service. The establishment of the
           Sydney Branch further expanded and improved the Company’s global presence, forming a global service network
           across four continents: Asia, Europe, America and Australia.
           In 2021, the Sydney Branch overcame the impacts brought by the pandemic, providing its customers with high-
           quality financial services. During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch achieved a net operating income of
           AUD33,592,200 and a profit before tax of AUD9,768,500.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     79
Annual Report 2021


3.10.6 Major subsidiaries
      The Company strictly abides by the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China,
      the Commercial Bank Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Guidelines on Management and Regulation
      of Consolidated Financial Statements of Commercial Banks, the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Banking
      and Insurance Institutions and other laws and regulations, exercises shareholders’ rights in compliance with laws
      and regulations, and continues to improve the management of subsidiaries. During the reporting period, the
      Company implemented comprehensive and ongoing management of subsidiaries in terms of corporate governance,
      capital management, risk management and financial management; strengthened the strategic management of
      subsidiaries based on the overall strategy of the Group; gave full play to the synergy of comprehensive operation
      to drive subsidiaries to integrate into the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management, and to facilitate the
      coordinated development of subsidiaries and the Group.
      CMB Wing Lung Bank
      Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HK$1.161 billion, and is a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. The principal operations of CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
      comprise deposit-taking, lending, private banking and wealth management, investment, securities, credit cards, NET
      banking, “CMB WLB Wintech (招商永隆銀行一點通)” mobile banking, global cash management, syndicated loans,
      corporate loans, documentary bills, leasing and hire purchase loans, foreign exchange, insurance agency, mandatory
      provident fund, insurance brokerage and general insurance underwriting, property management and trustee,
      nominee and asset management services. At present, CMB Wing Lung Bank has one head office, 32 branches
      and private banking centers in Hong Kong, four branches and sub-branches in Mainland China, one branch in
      Macau, and one branch located respectively in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the United States, as well as one
      representative office in Bangkok.
      During the reporting period, CMB Wing Lung Group realised an attributable profit to shareholders of HK$3.032
      billion and a net operating income of HK$6.465 billion, of which net interest income was HK$4.190 billion and net
      non-interest income was HK$2.275 billion. The cost-to-income ratio was 40.69%. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HK$389.075 billion. Total equity attributable to
      shareholders amounted to HK$44.848 billion. Total loans and advances to customers (including trade bills) amounted
      to HK$204.413 billion. Deposits from customers amounted to HK$293.061 billion. The loan-to-deposit ratio was
      65.60%. The non-performing loan ratio (including trade bills) was 0.63%. For detailed financial information on
      CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2021 annual results of CMB Wing Lung Bank, which is published on the
      website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).
      CMB Financial Leasing
      CMB Financial Leasing was established in 2008 and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of
      RMB12.0 billion (including RMB6.0 billion upon transfer of capital reserve into share capital during the reporting
      period). CMB Financial Leasing has adhered to its operation and development strategy of “professionalisation,
      internationalisation and digitalisation”, carried out the mission of “supporting national strategy, serving the real
      economy and promoting industrial upgrading”, and launched the financial solutions for the ten industries of
      aviation, shipping, energy, infrastructure, equipment manufacturing, environment, healthcare and cultural tourism,
      public transportation and logistics, smart interconnection and integrated circuit as well as leasing. It satisfies the
      lessees’ different needs in respect of equipment procurement, sales promotion, asset revitalisation, balancing of tax
      liabilities and improvement of financial structure.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing amounted to RMB226.562 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB25.484 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB2.891 billion during the reporting
      period.
      CMB International Capital
      Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong,
      with a registered capital of HK$4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
      subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, stocks and structured finance.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HK$51.931 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to HK$12.154 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of HK$1.780
      billion.
80   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           CMB Wealth Management
           CMB Wealth Management was officially launched in 2019. Its business scope includes issuance of wealth
           management products, wealth management consulting and advisory, and other businesses approved by the CBIRC.
           At the beginning of December 2021, the CBIRC officially approved the matters related to the capital increase and
           the change of registered capital of CMB Wealth Management, and agreed that JPMorgan Asset Management
           (Asia Pacific) Limited shall contribute RMB2.667 billion to subscribe for 10% of the equity interests of CMB Wealth
           Management. Upon completion of the capital increase, CMB Wealth Management will be owned as to 90% and
           10% by the Company and JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited respectively, and its registered capital
           will be increased to approximately RMB5.556 billion from RMB5.0 billion.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wealth Management amounted to RMB12.097 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to RMB10.678 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net operating income of
           RMB5.203 billion and a net profit of RMB3.203 billion.
           China Merchants Fund
           Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund has a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the Company held 55% of China Merchants Fund’s equity interests. The business scope of China
           Merchants Fund covers fund establishment, fund management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB10.149 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to RMB6.991 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.603 billion during the reporting
           period.
           CIGNA & CMAM
           CIGNA & CMAM was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB500 million and is an indirectly owned
           subsidiary of the Company, which is owned as to 87.3458% and 12.6542% by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance,
           a joint venture of the Company, and CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, respectively. The
           scope of business of CIGNA & CMAM includes entrusted management of client’s funds, issuance of insurance asset
           management products and asset management related consultation business.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMAM amounted to RMB661 million, with net
           assets of RMB537 million and a net profit of RMB50 million for the reporting period.
           CMB Europe S.A.
           The establishment of CMB Europe S.A. was approved in May 2021 with a registered capital of €50 million. It is a
           wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Europe and is the regional head office of the Company in continental
           Europe. CMB Europe S.A. will be fully integrated into the Company’s extensive wealth management system and
           leverage its full license to provide its customers with a wide range of financial products and services such as cross-
           border financing, M&A finance, private banking, investment management, financial markets, bond underwriting,
           trade finance, etc., as well as operation and allocation of the global assets of its corporate and individual customers.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Europe S.A. amounted to €49 million, with net assets
           of €49 million.



     3.10.7 Major joint ventures
           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2003 with a
           registered capital of RMB2.8 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% of CIGNA &
           CMB Life Insurance’s equity interests. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance is mainly engaged in insurance businesses such
           as life insurance, health insurance and accident injury insurance, as well as the reinsurance of the above insurances.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB108.815
           billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB11.129 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           realised a net profit of RMB1.182 billion.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    81
Annual Report 2021


      Merchants Union Consumer Finance
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2015 with a
      registered capital of RMB10.0 billion (including RMB6.131 billion upon transfer of capital reserve and undistributed
      profits into registered capital during the reporting period). Merchants Union Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in
      the granting of personal consumer loans. At present, the Company directly holds 50% equity interests of Merchants
      Union Consumer Finance.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
      RMB149.698 billion and the net assets were RMB14.038 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB3.063 billion during
      the reporting period.
      China Merchants T-Bank
      On 11 December 2020, the CBIRC officially approved the establishment of China Merchants T-Bank, an independent
      direct-marketing bank, jointly established by the Company and Wangyin Online (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd.,
      with a shareholding of 70% and 30%, respectively. With a registered capital of RMB2.0 billion, China Merchants
      T-Bank is proposed to be a financial institution that legally conducts all types of commercial banking business
      through the Internet. Currently, the application for opening of China Merchants T-Bank is pending the approval
      of the CBIRC. Upon the formal establishment, China Merchants T-Bank will be a joint venture of the Company
      according to the corporate governance arrangement.



3.10.8 Major associates
      Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd.
      During the reporting period, the Company acquired 14.8559% equity interests of Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (“Bank
      of Taizhou”) held by Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. for a share transfer
      consideration of RMB3.121 billion. Upon the completion of the transaction, the Company held 24.8559% equity
      interests of Bank of Taizhou. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements dated 19 March 2021 and 31
      May 2021 published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
      Bank of Taizhou, an associate of the Company, was established in Taizhou, Zhejiang province in 2002 with a
      registered capital of RMB1.8 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 24.8559% shares of
      Bank of Taizhou. Bank of Taizhou is engaged in commercial banking business approved by the CBIRC, such as taking
      public deposits, granting loans and interbank lending.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Bank of Taizhou amounted to RMB316.172 billion and its
      net assets amounted to RMB26.441 billion. During the reporting period, Bank of Taizhou realised a net profit of
      RMB4.228 billion.



3.11 Risk Management
      The Company adhered to a prudent risk culture and risk preferences, deepened the “curing the root cause”
      transformation of risk management, strengthened the leading position of risk management, and steadily promoted
      the construction of a risk management system that adapted to the characteristics of extensive wealth management
      business under the principles of “Comprehensive, Professional, Independent and Balanced Management”. The Risk
      and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most
      significant bank-wide risk management policies on risk preferences, strategies, policies and authorisations approved
      by the Board of Directors.
      During the reporting period, in the face of the recurrence of the pandemic along with the complex and ever-
      changing economic environment at home and abroad and the increasing risk in bank operations, the Company
      established an overall risk management system compatible with the value loop of extensive wealth management in
      accordance with the requirements of the 3.0 model transformation while tackling and preventing all kinds of risk
      head-on.
82   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.11.1 Credit risk management
           Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform its obligations as
           agreed. Adhering to its management philosophy of “Quality Goes First Based on Compliance and Risk Control (合
           規為根、風險為本、質量為先)”, and with the goal of “fostering a leading risk management bank”, the Company
           promoted the risk management culture of “staying healthy, rational, proactive and comprehensive (穩健、理性、
           主動、全員)”, stuck to the concept of balanced returns and risks and the prudent business strategy in which risks
           can ultimately be covered by capital, implemented a unified credit risk preference, optimised the life-cycle credit risk
           management processes, continuously upgraded credit risk management tools, and fully improved risk management
           standard, so as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.
           During the reporting period, the Company followed up closely on the macroeconomic and financial situation, strictly
           adhered to the bottom line of risks and addressed both the cause on the surface and the root cause to ensure stable
           asset quality. Firstly, the Company thoroughly implemented the requirements of the 3.0 model transformation,
           established the risk management system for extensive wealth, carried out differentiated management for different
           types of businesses, and achieved phased results. Secondly, the Company adhered to the customer-oriented
           principle, focused on the direction of high-quality asset organisation, and promoted the adjustment of customer
           structure. Relying on the self-organisation of the industry, it focused on the industrial chain and investment chain
           of core customers and regional characteristic industries, continuously improved industry recognition, implemented
           customer list management, fully promoted the investment of high-quality assets in related fields such as new growth
           engines, manufacturing industry and green finance, and continuously consolidated the customer base. Thirdly, the
           Company adhered to the bottom line of risks and continued to deepen the “curing the root cause” transformation
           of risk management. While strictly controlling asset quality and maintaining leading advantages, it strictly
           prevented risks in key areas, established a risk monitoring system coordinated by the Head Office and branches for
           customers with large transaction value, implemented “different policy for each group” for key customer groups
           and “different policy for each account” for key customers, and carried out dynamic risk investigation to improve
           the level of refined risk management. Fourthly, the Company consolidated the foundation and strengthened the
           basic risk management. It further improved the early warning system, optimised the risk consolidation management
           mechanism, and strengthened the main responsibility of risk management of the first line of defense. While
           continuously improving the qualification management of corporate asset business, it formulated position manuals
           and working standards, enhanced team building and improved risk management capabilities. Fifthly, the Company
           expanded channels for and improved the efficiency of non-performing asset disposal. It implemented list-based
           management of key projects, intensified the recovery of non-performing assets by cash collection while continuously
           promoting the write-off of non-performing assets. The Company made use of a number of methods to mitigate risk
           assets and achieved the effective and efficient disposal of non-performing assets based on compliance regulations.
           Sixthly, the Company adhered to the guidance of financial technology and accelerating the digital transformation
           of risk management. It established a long-term mechanism for extensive wealth risk data and centralised system
           management, promoted the application of financial technology, and improved the efficiency of business services and
           risk management.
           For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
           statements.



     3.11.2 Management of large-scale risk exposure
           In accordance with the Management Measures for Large-Scale Risk Exposure of Commercial Banks (CBIRC Order
           2018 No. 1) (  《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》 (銀保監會2018年1號令)) issued by the CBIRC, large-scale risk
           exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading
           book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier
           1 capital. The Company has incorporated large-scale risk exposure management into its overall risk management
           system, continued to improve customer credit management requirements, continued to streamline risk exposure
           measurement rules, dynamically monitored changes in large-scale risk exposures by way of financial technology, and
           reported regularly on large-scale risk exposure indicators and related management work to regulatory authorities, so
           as to effectively control customer concentration risks. As at the end of the reporting period, other than customers
           with regulatory exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers,
           single financial institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the
           standards of large-scale risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      83
Annual Report 2021


3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of economic, political and social changes or developments in a country or region
      that may cause borrowers or debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations
      to banks, or incur loss to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other loss to the
      Company in that country or region. Country risk may arise from deteriorating economic conditions, political and
      social upheavals, nationalisation or expropriation of assets, and government repudiation of external indebtedness,
      foreign exchange controls and currency depreciation in a country or region.
      The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness and
      prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile and
      complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to promptly
      identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk ratings in a
      regular manner and implement limit management, while guiding business to tilt in favor of low-risk countries. Major
      matters involving country risk management strategies and policies were submitted to the Board for consideration
      and approval. In 2021, under the background of continuously spreading pandemic overseas and the complex
      and changeable international political and economic situations, the Company strengthened risk monitoring and
      management in priority countries, dynamically updated country risk ratings based on risk changes, and strictly
      restricted business growth in high-risk countries. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has made
      adequate allowances for country risks in accordance with the regulatory requirements. As a result, the country risks
      will not have a material effect on the operations of the Company.



3.11.4 Market risk management
      The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
      risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
      Interest rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of various
      currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators, interest-
      rate-sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure, monitor and manage the interest rate risk
      of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses under the trading
      book, and are comprised of around 140 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves. VaR includes general VaR and
      stressed VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and adopt a confidence coefficient
      of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress testing
      scenarios include the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and various
      unfavorable market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among which, the extreme
      interest rate scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavorable conditions of the
      market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the change in the market value of
      bonds and interest rate derivatives PV01 (when an interest rate fluctuates unfavorably by 1 basis point). As for daily
      risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses
      under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board
      of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the Market Risk Management Department is responsible for daily
      monitoring and continuous reporting.
      In 2021, under the combination of “economic downturn + monetary steady + credit contraction”, the RMB interest
      rate showed an overall downward trend. As of the end of the reporting period, the 1-year treasury bonds fell by 23
      basis points from the end of the previous year to 2.24%, and the 10-year treasury bonds fell by 37 basis points to
      2.78% from the end of the previous year. As for the USD interest rate, with the gradual recovery of the US economy
      from the pandemic, after nearly two years of monetary easing policies, the US has gradually withdrawn from
      quantitative easing, and the overall interest rate showed a significant upward trend. As of the end of the reporting
      period, the US 1-year treasury bonds rose by 29 basis points from the end of the previous year to 0.39%, and the
      10-year treasury bonds rose by 59 basis points from the end of the previous year to 1.52%.
      The investment scope of the trading book of the Company focused on RMB bonds. In general, prudent investment
      management strategies were adopted by the Company and the risk exposure was dynamically adjusted by means
      of bond trading, derivative hedging, etc., and all interest rate risk indicators of the trading account remained within
      the target range according to changes in the market.
84   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           Banking book
           The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario
           simulation and other methods to measure and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The
           re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities;
           the duration analysis monitors the duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets
           and liabilities of the whole Bank; the benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between
           different pricing benchmark interest rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such
           curves based on the benchmark-correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation
           is the major approach for the Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a
           number of ordinary scenarios and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move
           and the change in the shape of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible
           changes in interest rates in the future as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the
           future one year and the changes in economic value (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario
           of changes in interest rates. The NII fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included
           into the interest rate risk limit system of the whole Bank. In addition, the internal limit indicator system is included
           into the standardised measurement indicators set out in the Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of
           Banking Book of Commercial Banks (Revised) issued by the CBIRC.
           During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principle of neutral and prudent interest rate risk appetite,
           paid close attention to changes in the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure, made
           prediction and analysis of the trend of credit and market interest rates based on the macro quantitative model, and
           flexibly adjusted the active management strategy for interest rate risk. The Company continuously analysed and
           evaluated the impact of changes in the LPR curve on the Company’s interest rate risk after the LPR conversion, and,
           through the adjustments to the structure of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet interest rate
           derivatives, managed the interest rate risk as a result of the decline in LPR. As at the end of the reporting period,
           various on – and off-balance sheet management measures were implemented as scheduled, and the interest rate
           risks were under control within the annual interest rate risk management and control target range of the Company.
           The results of stress test also showed that various indicators still stayed within the limits and pre-warning values of
           the Company, and the interest rate risk of the banking book was generally controllable.
           Exchange rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
           factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under
           stress test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk measurement and monitoring
           management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot prices, forward
           prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market value risk indicators comprise
           general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using historical simulation based on
           a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange rate
           stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every transaction currency against RMB, and
           changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major option-sensitive indicators include Delta, Gamma, Vega and
           other indicators. For daily management, we set annual limits on authority associated with exchange rate risks under
           the trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business
           planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to
           perform daily monitoring and on-going reporting.
           In 2021, the world’s major economies were gradually recovering. The US Federal Reserve took the lead in releasing
           the tightening signal, driving the USD to return to the upward trend, and major non-USD currencies generally
           depreciated. However, the RMB exchange rate deviated from the USD index due to factors such as strong exports
           and continued easing of domestic USD liquidity, and showed an overall upward trend. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the central parity rate of RMB against the USD was 6.3757, representing an appreciation of approximately
           2.29% as compared to the end of the previous year. Judging from the fluctuations throughout the year, the RMB
           exchange rate experienced three stages: depreciation, followed by appreciation and then shock.
           Under this background, the Company mainly obtained spread income through foreign exchange trading business
           on behalf of customers, utilised system to dynamically monitor the exposure of trading and strengthened the
           monitoring of changes in the value of limit indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-loss. As at the end of the
           reporting period, all exchange rate risk indicators of trading book of the Company were within the target range.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      85
Annual Report 2021


      Banking book
      The Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test, and other
      methods for measurement and analysis of exchange rate risk of banking book of the Company. The foreign
      exchange exposure measurement uses the short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation
      approach; scenario simulation and stress test analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the
      Company for managing foreign exchange rate risk in respect of fluctuation of all currency exchange rates, including
      the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and stress scenario, including scenarios such as spot
      and forward exchange rate fluctuations and historical extreme exchange rate fluctuations of various currencies,
      each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or loss. The effects of certain scenarios on the
      profit and loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit indicator are taken as reference in the daily management.
      The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant model parameters on a regular basis to verify the
      effectiveness of measurement models.
      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
      foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for overall
      auditing of our exchange rate risk.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
      analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and
      proposed a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making.
      In 2021, the Company increased its efforts to monitor and analyse of foreign exchange exposure and imposed a
      stringent control over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about the exchange
      rate risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the size of the banking book of the Company’s foreign exchange
      exposure was at a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company is generally stable with all the core
      limit indicators, general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.5 Operational risk management
      Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or failed internal procedures, incompetent
      personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
      Company’s operational risk management will, based on the principles of cost-revenue matching and input-output
      balance, vigorously strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement internal control
      system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent operational risk losses with a certain
      level of cost. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors,
      the Company will, through measures such as further improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening
      risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment and
      evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, so as to further improve operational risk
      management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
      During the reporting period, in order to prevent loss arising from systematic operational risk and material operational
      risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. The first was to incorporate
      cooperative business into the overall risk management system, carry out classified and hierarchical management
      of cooperative institutions, and promote online management of cooperative and public business information. The
      second was to strengthen risk prevention and control in key areas, and continue to carry out risk investigation
      and management of private placement, deposit pledge loan business, capital supervision business of real estate
      enterprises and their related companies, P2P platform business and transactions with abnormal payment. The third
      was to improve management tools, and optimise the evaluation mechanism of operational risk and the economics
      of operational risk capital allocation plan. The fourth was to strengthen outsourcing risk management, prudently
      review outsourcing products, strengthen access management, and organise the Head Office and branches to
      randomly select projects for post-outsourcing evaluation. The fifth was to strengthen IT risk and business continuity
      management, formulate annual business continuity plans and business continuity management guidelines, and
      review the monitoring indicator system, so as to complete the security risk investigation of the Bank’s information
      technology outsourcing and cooperative businesses. The sixth was to further improve the performance of
      the operational risk management system, and continue to promote the operational risk management system
      reconstruction project. The seventh was to increase the empowerment of subsidiaries and branches, and carry out
      video training for the operational risk management personnel of domestic and foreign branches and subsidiaries so
      as to improve operational risk management skills.
86   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company’s unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
           timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
           management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
           more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
           and systems of the Company have basically satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
           Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
           management, the Company puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and
           reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the Board of Supervisors,
           senior management, designated committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure the effectiveness of
           liquidity risk management.
           In 2021, the Central Bank maintained a prudent monetary policy and reasonably stable liquidity. Based on the
           macroeconomic and market trend analysis, the Company dynamically and quantitatively predicted future risk
           conditions, and deployed asset-liability management strategies in a forward-looking manner to balance the risks
           and returns. The first was to continue to promote the steady growth of deposits from customers and strengthen
           the control of key timings to guide the further decrease of liabilities and costs. The second was to strengthen
           the organisation and support of high-quality assets, so as to continuously optimise the asset structure and realise
           the stable operation of assets and liabilities. The third was to carry out active liability management through
           comprehensive and multiple channels, expand diversified financing channels, actively conduct open market
           transactions, improve treasury financing capabilities and play the role of a primary dealer. The fourth was to further
           improve the efficiency of capital use. Appropriately increasing investment in qualified and high-quality bonds,
           the Company maintained sufficient liquidity reserves. The fifth was to strengthen liquidity risk management for
           business lines, overseas branches and affiliates. The sixth was to test and improve the liquidity contingency plan and
           emergency plan, and effectively improve the ability to respond to liquidity risk events through regular liquidity risk
           emergency drills.
           As at the end of the reporting period, all liquidity indicators of the Company satisfied the regulatory requirements
           and the Company had sufficient funding sources to meet the needs of sustainable and healthy development of
           the business. 8% of the Company’s total RMB deposits and 9% of the Company’s total foreign currency deposits
           were required to be placed with the PBOC. The Company’s liquidity indicators remained at healthy levels. Deposits
           maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves were sufficient and overall liquidity was at a safe level.
           For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
           statements.



     3.11.7 Reputational risk management
           Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders, the
           public and the media due to behaviors of the Company and its employees or external incidents, thereby damaging
           the brand value of the Company, which is detrimental to the normal operation of the Company, or even market
           stability and social stability. Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance and the
           overall risk management system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by
           the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company established and formulated the reputational risk management rules
           and system and took initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and respond to any reputational incidents,
           so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.
           During the reporting period, the Company fully implemented the notice regarding the Measures for Reputational
           Risk Management of Banking and Insurance Institutions issued by the CBIRC, revised the reputational risk
           management measures, further improved the reputational risk management structure, and clarified the reputational
           risk responsibilities of all departments of the Head Office, branches and subsidiaries, consolidating the first line of
           defense. The Company carried out a number of inspections on high-risk areas and effectively prevented various risk
           events.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        87
Annual Report 2021


3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material financial
      losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Board of Directors
      of the Company is ultimately responsible for the compliance of the operating activities, and delegates the Risk and
      Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors to supervise the compliance risk management. The
      Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is the organisation to manage compliance risk of
      the whole company under the senior management. The Company set up three lines of defense for compliance risk
      management and the double-line reporting mechanism through the establishment of organisational management
      structure comprising the risk and compliance management committees, compliance supervisors, compliance officers
      and legal and compliance departments under the Head Office and its branches as well as compliance supervisors at
      branch and sub-branch levels, continuously improved risk management techniques and management procedures and
      established a complete and effective compliance risk management system to achieve effective control of compliance
      risks.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly implemented the regulatory policies and requirements, and
      continued to improve the long-term mechanism for internal control and compliance management. The first was to
      formulate and release the “Guidelines on Internal Control and Compliance Work of the Bank in 2021” to make
      unified arrangements for the internal control and compliance management throughout the Bank. The second was
      to organise the “Year of Internal Control and Compliance Management Construction” activity in accordance with
      the requirements of the CBIRC and based on the actual situation of the Company. With reference to the issues
      identified in the rectification of market chaos, regulatory notification and self-examination since 2017, the Company
      conducted in-depth self-examination, self-correction and centralised rectification of repeated violations to eliminate
      hidden risks in a timely manner. The third was to timely publicise and interpret regulatory regulations and policies
      to accurately grasp the regulatory direction, effectively identify and evaluate compliance risks of new products,
      new businesses and major projects, and strictly follow and implement regulatory requirements. The fourth was to
      strengthen the refined management of policies, and continue to promote the upgrade and iteration of policy hub,
      while preparing policy diagrams to display the overall network of policy construction across the Bank in a visualised
      way so as to avoid repetitive systems or redundant management. The fifth was to enhance employee behavior
      management by continuously launching compliance education activities for top leaders, compliance officers and
      compliance supervisors, carrying out inspection on abnormal behaviors of employees on a quarterly basis, and
      strengthening the use of employee behavior management tools such as minor non-compliance points, list of non-
      compliance restrictions and due diligence upon departure from the Bank, so as to implement employee behavior
      management properly. The sixth was to strengthen joint inspection and rectification management by adopting an
      open and integrated approach, organise on-site joint inspection throughout the Bank, and actively promote the
      opening-up and sharing of the auditing “Hawk Eye” system across the Bank. The seventh was to increase investment
      in technology to empower internal control and compliance management, and comprehensively promote the digital
      transformation of internal control and compliance management.



3.11.9 Money laundering risk management
      Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be used by the three types of activities such as
      “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of conducting business
      and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering risk management
      mechanism, including a governance structure with clear responsibilities from the Board and senior management to
      ordinary employees, a comprehensive system coverage, an effective risk assessment and monitoring system, scientific
      anti-money laundering data governance, and elements such as targeted management of customers or businesses
      associated with high risks, efficient anti-money laundering automated system support, independent inspection and
      auditing, and continuous and effective anti-money laundering compliance training, so as to provide guarantee for
      the Company’s stable and compliance operations.
88   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2021


           During the reporting period, the Company proactively fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and took
           various measures to ensure the effectiveness of its money laundering risk management. The first was to optimise
           the institution’s money laundering risk assessment mechanism and incorporate institutional money laundering
           risk management practices into comprehensive risk management. The second was to further improve the anti-
           money laundering internal control system based on the actual situation of money laundering risks and business
           development. The third was to continue to carry out customer and product money laundering risk rating, strengthen
           risk management of customers and products associated with high risks, and continue to optimise the anti-money
           laundering business process. The fourth was to coordinate overseas institutions and subsidiaries to ensure the
           consistency of the Group’s money laundering risk management and prevent money laundering risk from spreading
           across institutions. At the same time, the Company continued to increase scientific and technological investment in
           anti-money laundering, actively explored the application of AI technology in anti-money laundering, improved the
           system’s risk control efficiency and external service capabilities, and enhanced the effectiveness of money laundering
           risk management.



     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
           In 2021, China’s banking industry showed an obvious upward trend, and continuously strengthened its support to
           real economy. The growth in scale and profitability was becoming a norm with generally stabilised asset quality and
           rather strong risk compensation capability.
           The banking industry is a typical cyclical industry, but it is currently in a critical period of structural change. For
           a longer period of time in the future, structural factors will replace cyclical factors and the banking industry will
           continue to face differentiation. With the continuous adjustment of economic structure and the continuous switch
           between new and old growth engines, the banking industry is compelled to accelerate the pace of “light capital”
           transformation and speed up the reshaping of differentiation strategy, so as to effectively control various risks and
           achieve quality development under a more complicated economic growth environment.
           Looking forward to 2022, while the global economy is expected to continue its recovery path with positive progress
           in COVID-19 vaccines and special drugs, it is still confronted by the threat of COVID-19 strain mutations. In
           general, the main contradiction in the US and European economies is high inflation rather than economic growth.
           As economic activities continue to return to normal, the supply-demand gap in the US and European economies
           is expected to narrow down. The focus of recovery will lean towards service industry, the spillover of commodity
           demand is expected to be reduced accordingly, and the supply constraints are expected to be restored endogenously,
           which will be significantly improved by mid-2022. Correspondingly, inflation in the US and Europe may remain high
           in the short term and is expected to enter a downward trajectory by mid-2022. However, the impact of COVID-19
           mutations and the “wage-price” spiral may continue to cause high inflation. Under the risk of high inflation, the US
           Federal Reserve will complete its bond purchase reduction in March 2022 and decide the timing and frequency of
           subsequent interest rate hikes depending on the inflation development.
           In contrast to the US and Europe, the main contradiction of China’s economy in 2022 is the increasing downward
           pressure on the economy, which will ease the pressure on inflation. In terms of economic growth, although
           the current multiple supply constraints faced by China are expected to ease marginally, the overall demand is
           weak, the structure is significantly changing, the growth rate of external demand and real estate investment may
           drop significantly, the consumption will probably remain in weak recovery, the investment momentum in the
           manufacturing industry will decline marginally, and the infrastructure investment is expected to rise in a counter-
           cyclical cycle. The cross-cycle and counter-cyclical macro-control policies will be organically combined, and the fiscal
           policies and monetary policies will be coordinated to play the role of economic safety net. In terms of inflation, with
           the easing of supply constraints at home and abroad, the structural inflation pressure in China will be significantly
           reduced, and the year-on-year growth rate of PPI is expected to decline steadily. The year-on-year growth rate of CPI
           will increase due to the reversal of the hog cycle, but the overall trend will remain moderate.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       89
Annual Report 2021


      Under the current economic landscape, the Company intends to increase loans and advances to customers by
      approximately 11% and expects that the customer deposits will increase by approximately 12% in 2022.
      The Company believes that the growth potential of the traditional banking business model will be further narrowed
      down under the “threefold pressure” of economic development. In order to open up a new world for development,
      we need to comprehensively review our own business services not from the perspective of a bank but the perspective
      of customers by studying, grasping and solving customer pain points and needs. The 3.0 business model refers to
      the development model that shifts from the perspective of a bank to the perspective of customers. Under the severe
      and complicated external environment, the Company will further maintain its confidence and determination with
      regard to thinking, strategy and action, firmly establish the value of “Focus on Customer, Creating Value for our
      Customers”, guide the implementation of strategy with our value, and continue to promote the 3.0 model. Specific
      strategies are as follows.
      The first is to upgrade the wealth management service system. The Company will focus on building customer-centric
      asset allocation capabilities to enhance the competitiveness of wealth management, and strive to solve problems
      including misleading sales orientation, unreasonable product structure, insufficient service access and inconsistent
      services. We will comprehensively promote the “original intention plan” which focuses on improving experience of
      both customers and employees and systematically improves wealth management capabilities, implement the “TREE
      Asset Allocation System”, improve the execution capabilities of the middle-office, and facilitate the transformation
      of relationship managers to wealth management experts. In addition, the Company will accelerate the construction
      of the “people + digitalisation” operation system, strengthen the organic synergies among all channels such as
      outlets, the Network Operation Service Center and App, improve the capability of breakpoint operation, and pay
      close attention to service quality and experience in order to create an around-the-clock service network from being
      your companion to being your professional investment consultant.
      The second is to strengthen the integrated service of ICPT. Based on the enterprise’s business logic, the Company
      will integrate the decentralised advantages of investment banking, commercial banking, private banking and
      technology and research services, effectively cover customers of different stages, different industries and different
      characteristics with differentiated and targeted services, thereby forming the unique integrated service characteristics
      of ICPT In line with the trend of ecological operation of strategic customers, the Company will, from the perspective
      of maximising customer value, explore system and mechanism innovation with project-based approach as the core,
      and integrate internal resources in order to plan for the overall layout of customer operation.
      The third is to accelerate the construction of the “six all” risk management system. The Company will further
      broaden the horizon of risk management, and transform from focusing on assets to focusing on the comprehensive
      chain of investors, products, cooperative institutions and underlying assets, thereby consolidating the centralised risk
      management system from the perspective of customers. In line with the trend of the optimising supply and demand
      pattern of traditional industries, the increasingly blurred nature of customers’ industries and the ecology-based
      operation of customers, we will optimise the authorisation for industry and customer access and strengthen the
      process management of policy implementation, improve the flexibility and mobility of the organisational form and
      working mechanism of loan approval, eliminate the division of labor between the loan approval teams of the Head
      Office and those of branches, and establish the loan approval mode for different customer service scenarios in order
      to further standardise the perception across the Bank.
      The fourth is to accelerate the construction of digital operation model. The Company will make full use of digital
      means to improve the efficiency of customer service, and improve the capabilities to organise and apply digital
      awareness in order to analyse and solve pain points of customers. Focusing on key areas of digital application, we
      will increase investment in areas such as investment research, digital risk control, smart wealth management and
      open platform. Moreover, the Company will further consolidate the underlying technology foundation for digital
      application, promote the construction of cloud platform, strengthen the capabilities of technology middle-office
      and data middle-office, apply micro-services to systems, and turn micro-services to products in order to further
      consolidate the data foundation.
      The fifth is to strengthen the strategic implementation of the 3.0 model. The Company will build a team of cadres
      and employees with “values higher than KPI”, strengthen the key role of management in value guidance, and
      improve the capabilities of management to understand and implement strategies, so that management will be able
      to “redefine tasks” and understand the strategic focus and business logic behind KPI. Moreover, the Company will
      vigorously advocate the “Simple Work Management Tips”, optimise the evaluation standards of cadres, and take the
      practice of values as the primary standard for evaluating and choosing cadres.
90   China Merchants Bank   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Annual Report 2021



     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
     Assuming social responsibilities
     Spreading amiability and strength
     Implementing the corporate social responsibility
     concept of “originating from society and returning to
     society” to extend public welfare to various fields such
     as rural revitalisation, education and public health
China Merchants Bank              Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                        91
Annual Report 2021



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

4.1 ESG Review
      Reaching the brand new development phase of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Company continued to uphold the
      social responsibility philosophy of “originating from society and returning to society”, undertaking of “striving
      for sustainable finance, enhancing sustainable value and contributing to sustainable development”as its goal of
      sustainable development. Fully integrating the concept of environmental, social and governance (ESG) into the
      Company’s daily operation and management, the Company continuously improved the sustainable development
      management mechanism while appropriately communicating with stakeholders, thereby striving to achieve quality,
      efficient, fair, sustainable, and safe development.
      In order to further improve the quality and efficiency of ESG work, the Company promoted and improved the
      relevant responsibilities of the Board of Directors at the top-level design. In August 2021, the green finance-
      related responsibilities were incorporated into the terms of reference of the Strategy Committee under the Board
      of Directors. In January 2022, upon the resolution approved by the Board of Directors, the “Strategy Committee
      under the Board of Directors“ was renamed as the “Strategy and Sustainability Committee under the Board of
      Directors” so as to perform ESG-related responsibilities in a coordinated manner (this resolution will take effect after
      the completion of revising the Articles of Association of the Company and other related documents), which further
      ensured the formation of clear governance structure, smooth information communication, and sophisticated working
      mechanism in relation to ESG.
      During the reporting period, the Company took the initiatives to cope with climate change and vigorously promoted
      the development of green finance; comprehensively served the real economy and supported the improvement of
      people’s livelihood; continuously improved the accessibility of financial services and equipped itself with Fintech tools
      to provide customers with low-cost and affordable financial services anytime and anywhere. The Company attached
      great importance to the security of financial products, information security and privacy protection and consumer
      rights protection, created a high-quality working environment for employees and realised the effective connection
      between the consolidation of poverty alleviation and the revitalisation of rural areas. In 2021, the Company achieved
      social contribution value of RMB14.36 per share26 (calculated on the Group’s statistical caliber) and made external
      donation of RMB32.23 million in aggregate.
      In September 2021, MSCI upgraded the Company’s ESG rating from BBB to A.
      For further information on the ESG of the Company, please refer to China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Sustainability
      Report 2021 published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      Company.



4.2 Environmental Information
      In support of the national “3060” goal in reaching carbon emission peak and achieving carbon neutrality, the
      Company comprehensively promotes green finance and green operation to build a green homeland. The Company
      had no material environmental violations during the reporting period.



4.2.1 Green finance
      During the reporting period, the Company incorporated green finance responsibilities into the terms of reference
      of the Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors. At the same time, the Company specified its strategic
      objectives and strategic measures related to green finance, formulated the “CMB ‘Dual Carbon’ Working Mechanism
      and Action Plan”, and established a green finance inter-departmental collaboration team at the Head Office level so
      as to continuously improve and refine the green finance management mechanism.
      The Company vigorously innovated green products and services, served the development of green industries via
      financial measures, thereby supporting the transformation of economic and social activities towards green, low-
      carbon and sustainable development.




26
      Social contribution value per share = basic earnings per share + (taxes paid + employee expenses + interest expenses + total external donations)/total
      share capital of ordinary shares at the end of the period.
92   China Merchants Bank        Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2021


           In terms of green credit, the Company has formulated and improved credit policies such as “Green Credit Policy”,
           “Credit Policy for Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Industry”, “ Credit Policy for Photovoltaic
           Power Generation Industry” and “Credit Policy for New Energy Vehicle Industry”, covering energy conservation,
           environmental protection, new energy vehicles, hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic power generation,
           photovoltaic manufacturing, biomass power generation and other industries. The Company actively promoted
           the digestion, integration, transfer and elimination of overcapacity industries, strictly controlled new loans to
           industries with high pollution and high energy consumption, adhered to the one-vote veto system for environmental
           assessment, and avoided any involvement of the low-level and redundant projects in industries with “high pollution,
           high energy consumption and overcapacity”. For enterprises operating in environmentally sensitive industries
           featured with “high pollution and high emission”, the Company stringently reviewed whether the environmental
           impact evaluation, energy-saving review and pre-approval review on land use regarding the relevant projects have
           been passed. For projects and enterprises which failed to meet the environmental protection regulations, no credit
           facility will be granted, and the granted credit facility will be withdrawn. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the Company’s balance of green loans was RMB263.842 billion, representing an increase of RMB55.254 billion
           or 26.49% as compared with the beginning of the year, 19.49 percentage points higher than the growth rate in
           corporate loan, and accounting for 14.02% of the total corporate loan. Green loans were mainly granted to the
           fields of energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment,
           green upgrade of infrastructure and green services. During the reporting period, the Company obtained funds from
           carbon emission reduction support tools granted by the People’s Bank of China and granted loans in respect of
           carbon emission reduction of RMB6.974 billion to 70 projects, resulting in a carbon emission reduction of 1.2152
           million tons of CO 2 equivalent. During the reporting period, in terms of green credit, CMB Financial Leasing provided
           service to 78 customers in new energy power generation and granted loans of RMB16.5 billion; and served 18
           customers in energy conservation and environmental protection and granted loans of RMB2.4 billion.
           In terms of green bonds, during the reporting period, the Company issued 2 USD bonds under the “Green, Social
           Responsibility and Sustainable Development Bond Framework of China Merchants Bank” with a total issuance size of
           USD600 million. The Company served as leading underwriter for 38 green bonds with issuance size of RMB61.372
           billion. CMB Financial Leasing issued dual-currency “carbon-neutral” themed green bonds with issuance size of
           USD900 million and EUR100 million, respectively, which was the first Euro green bonds issued by a Chinese financial
           leasing company.
           In terms of green investment, the Company proactively introduced wealth management products with ESG concept
           to provide retail customers with a diversified selection of ESG wealth management products. During the reporting
           period, the Company’s agency sales of new energy and photovoltaic industry funds amounted to approximately
           RMB17.8 billion, and distributed CMB Wealth Management Zhao Rui Rui Yuan Wen Jin (ESG Select) (招銀理財招睿
           睿遠穩進(ESG精選)), a type of one-year enhanced fixed-income wealth management scheme products and 3 ESG
           wealth management schemes issued and managed by the wealth management subsidiary of peer bank. Joining the
           Green and Sustainable Investment Committee organised by AMAC, China Merchants Fund actively participated in
           the research organised by the AMAC on ESG-related issues and took the lead in the research of due diligence ESG
           management and product specifications regarding bond funds. As one of the first companies to issue product with
           application of CSI ESG index, China Merchants Fund issued and established the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300ESG ETF
           (Exchange Traded Funds). As at the end of the reporting period, there were 5 existing ESG-related products, with an
           existing size of RMB1.462 billion and a size growth rate of 129%.
           Meanwhile, the Company actively disseminated the concept of green environmental protection to the public. At
           the beginning of 2022, the Company launched the “Carbon Quest 2021(碳尋2021) Annual Bill” campaign with
           the theme of “carbon neutrality” through CMB APP, combining the theme and content of low-carbon life with the
           user’s income and expenditure in the past year, and appealing to everyone, starting from his/her own consumption
           behavior, for taking action and working together to achieve low-carbon and sustainable development, and the
           number of participants has reached nearly 10 million.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                              93
Annual Report 2021


4.2.2 Green operation
      The Company continued to promote the establishment of smart service system. By strengthening smart service
      capabilities, enriching online services, and optimising service points, the Company provided a wide range of digital
      financial services to hundred-million customers to reduce the frequency of customers going to physical outlets
      for business in an effective manner, thereby decreasing carbon emissions from customer travel. The Company
      also encouraged credit card customers to accept electronic bills. As at the end of the reporting period, with the
      proportion of credit card electronic bills exceeding 99%, the Company saved more than 1.9 billion pieces of paper
      in billing and realised an environmentally friendly transformation toward green operation.
      The Company adhered to the concept of green operation and green office, striving to reduce the impact of
      operation on the environment.
      In terms of energy management, the Company has adopted various energy-saving measures to promote the
      reduction of carbon emissions from operational activities. The first was to renovate the lighting system, replace and
      upgrade the lightings of the Head Office Tower and Shenzhen R&D data center with LED energy-saving lamps, install
      smart lighting systems on the shared office floor, and set up sensing devices in the negotiation room, conference
      room and other areas. The logo lights of Head Office Tower were retrofitted to dimmable lights to further reduce
      energy consumption. The second was to optimise the air-conditioning system, and renovate and upgrade the air-
      conditioning systems of the Head Office Tower, Pinghu Data Center in Shenzhen, and Zhangjiang Data Center
      in Shanghai so as to save electricity. The third was to apply the smart energy system, and install smart water and
      electricity meters on the floors and equipment rooms of the Head Office Tower to collect information of and monitor
      energy consumption on a real-time basis, while intending to complete data storage and analysis through a third-
      party system platform to reduce unit energy consumption of the tower. The fourth was to publicise the concept of
      environmental protection, post energy-saving signs in all public areas of office, strengthen the publicity of energy-
      saving activities such as National Energy Conservation Week, Earth Day, and Low Carbon Day, and encourage
      employees to commute and work in a green way.
      In terms of water resources management, the Company earnestly carried out water conservation publicity and water
      conservation sign posting; replaced lift-up faucets with sensor faucets; used high-pressure scrubbers to clean the
      square floor; timely conducted inspection and maintenance to eliminate water running, overflowing, dripping and
      leaking; removed bottled water in the break room and completed direct drinking fountain renovation; partly adopted
      the air-cooled heat dissipation in the Shenzhen R&D Data Center and Pinghu Data Center in Shenzhen, which can
      substantially save the water consumption resulting from heat dissipation of the air-conditioning system as compared
      with the heat dissipation of the open cooling tower.
      In terms of paper management, the Company promoted paperless office, advocated double-sided printing to reduce
      paper documents; continuously optimised the office platform “Zhaohu (招乎)” and normalised online meeting
      and training, which led the reduction of voluminous paper consumption while reducing carbon emissions due to
      employee commuting. During the reporting period, as the only representative of a financial enterprise in Shenzhen
      City, the Company carried out integrated financial management involving “invoices, bills, taxation, and filing”, so
      that the entire process of reimbursement from submission to filing can be completed as fast as 6 minutes, saving
      cost incurred from printing, delivering, sorting out and filing numerous paperback accounting information, thereby
      achieving the good deeds of environmental protection with simple actions.
      In terms of waste management, the Company has set up various treatment methods for different types of wastes to
      ensure that wastes shall be treated in a timely and scientific manner.
94   China Merchants Bank        Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2021



     4.3 Social Responsibility Information
     4.3.1 Serving the real economy
           The Company adhered to the origin of financial institutions serving the real economy, continued to channel financial
           resources to key areas of the real economy and weak links in the development of people’s livelihood, and improved
           the quality of financial offerings by leveraging its advantages in extensive wealth management and Fintech to
           effectively meet the needs of high-quality economic and social development.
           During the reporting period, in active response to the regional development strategy of China, the Company carried
           out economic research in key regions such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and the Yangtze
           River Delta, provided regional financial planning services for local governments and local government financing
           platform enterprises, and increased credit support for key regions.
           Focusing on the needs of new growth engine companies, the Company integrated various resources to provide
           companies with comprehensive and full life-cycle services, strategically supported cutting-edge manufacturing
           projects that fill the gap in domestic market and assisted excellent manufacturing enterprises in enhancing
           market competitiveness through technological innovation, research and development, cutting-edge technology
           commercialisation, strategic mergers and acquisitions, etc.. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
           balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB219.154 billion.
           The Company continued to increase input of resources, and separately set up a special limit for loans to small-
           sized enterprises of RMB20 billion in the credit facility of the Bank, requiring first-level branches to break down the
           special limit and implement. For companies with temporary difficulties in operation due to the pandemic, by full
           consultation with the companies and premised on controllable risks, the Company provided them with a temporary
           extension arrangement of principal and interest repayment pursuant to the principles of marketisation and the
           rule of law. The Company set up inclusive finance business indicators in the comprehensive performance appraisal
           plan for branches, with the weight accounting for more than 10%, and set up special marketing incentive fees to
           guide such branches to increase inclusive loan granting and support. The Company has successively released the
           rules including “Implementation Rules for the Accountability and Due Diligence of Small-sized Enterprises Engaging
           Credit Business” and the “Notice on Clarifying the Tolerance for Non-Performing Loans of Private Enterprises
           and Inclusive Small- and Micro-sized Enterprises”, offered tolerance of non-performing loans in accordance with
           regulatory requirements, implemented due diligence and liability exemption therefore. In addition, the Company
           continuously improved the digital inclusive financial service system, provided online digital products and services to
           meet the needs of small- and micro-sized enterprises in terms of digital management, withholding and payment,
           short-term financing, daily management of accounts and payroll service, thereby solving the “last mile” problem
           of inclusive finance through digital solution. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of SME
           inclusive finance loans amounted to RMB601.100 billion, representing an increase of 18.22% as compared with the
           beginning of the year. The total number of registered users of CMB Zhao Dai (招貸) APP exceeded 2 million, and the
           credit facility of micro-finance loans applied and granted through CMB Zhao Dai (招貸) APP reached RMB164.741
           billion for the year.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                95
Annual Report 2021


4.3.2 Supporting improvement of people’s livelihood
      The Company was committed to helping alleviate the weakness in the areas of people’s livelihood such as pension,
      medical care, and education, and invested financial resources in the key areas that people paid great importance to.
      In terms of pension, as one of the financial institutions with the most comprehensive pension licenses, the Company
      has licenses for enterprise annuity schemes, account manager and custodian, and China Merchants Fund, one of its
      subsidiaries has the license for enterprise annuity investment manager. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      Company’ s entrusted scale of enterprise and occupational annuities totalled RMB138.234 billion.
      In terms of medical care, the Company supported the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the
      People’s Republic of China to carry out the application of electronic social security cards, continued to carry out
      strategic cooperation with the National Healthcare Security Administration to promote electronic medical insurance
      certificates. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has issued a total of 32.76 million of electronic
      social security cards and a total of 14.26 million of electronic medical insurance certificates.
      In terms of education, the Company has assisted 44 competent education authorities at provincial, municipal and
      district-level to realise the whole-process management of after-school tutoring institutions via the “ fund supervision
      system for after-school tutoring institution “ independently developed by the Company, serving 1,622 after-school
      tutoring institutions. The Company cooperated with colleges in scenarios such as electronic campus card, electronic
      alumni card, and campus payment, which helped colleges to achieve informatisation upgrade.
      In terms of housing, the CMB APP launched the national housing provident fund WeChat applet developed by the
      Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, covering all 341 urban provident fund centers and approximately
      150 million housing provident fund contributors nationwide.



4.3.3 Access to financial services
      In terms of physical channels, the Company continued to promote the construction and layout optimisation of
      domestic branches. During the reporting period, 67 new outlets were opened, and more than 120 existing outlets
      were relocated and optimised. Through steady increase in number of outlets and scientific location selection, the
      effective coverage of outlets was further expanded and more efficient offline financial services were provided to
      customers.
      In terms of electronic channels, the Company has built a comprehensive online business capability matrix leveraging
      its long-term accumulation of technological capabilities such as big data, artificial intelligence and cloud computing.
      Such capability matrix includes: migrating various services to online channels such as mobile APP and WeChat
      to support users handle various businesses without leaving their homes; formulating customer group operation
      strategies based on a bank-wide business platform to reach and serve users online in multiple dimensions, such as
      online live broadcast and AI Xiao Zhao (AI 小招); supporting branches to provide online localised and personalised
      services, such as special zone in branches and online stores of outlets; strengthening the 95555 manual customer
      service and providing 24/7 smart customer service; creating an open platform to coordinate with third-party wealth
      management institutions to provide online wealth management, companionship and other services. Through online
      multi-channel services, the Company served all customers including those in areas that cannot be covered by physical
      outlets, and used digital technology to improve the efficiency and coverage of financial services, making financial
      services affordable and easy to access, thereby significantly reducing users’ demand for physical outlets and offline
      manual services, so that users can enjoy the “uninterrupted” ultimate caring service without going to the outlets in
      person.
      At the same time, the Company actively promoted the elderly-oriented and barrier-free transformation of online
      and offline financial service channels, helped special groups, including the elderly and the disabled, to overcome
      their difficulties in using digital channels, and ensured that all groups can equally and effectively enjoy high-quality
      financial services.
96   China Merchants Bank        Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2021


           In terms of elderly-oriented transformation, during the reporting period, CMB APP launched a special version for
           the elderly, and CMB Life APP launched a large-font care version to provide considerate service to the elderly. In
           November 2021, the Company launched 95555 elderly-oriented “Dedicated Line for the Elderly (頤享專線)”, and as
           at the end of the reporting period, we have provided 6,420 quick access to one-stop exclusive manual services for
           elderly customers, with a connection rate of 96.63% of the “Dedicated Line for the Elderly (頤享專線)”.
           In terms of barrier-free transformation, the Company provided convenient services for the disabled by setting up
           ramps for the disabled, one-button calls, wheelchairs for the disabled, and posting assistance telephone numbers
           at barrier-free passages. As at the end of the reporting period, all domestic outlets of the Company have been
           equipped with barrier-free services.



     4.3.4 Security of financial products
           The Company adopted various measures to ensure compliance in the sales of products and effectively protected the
           interests of customers.
           The Company has set up a strict product access and risk assessment process. In terms of the introduction of
           cooperative institutions and agency sales products, the Company strictly complied with the internal and external
           regulations and requirements, conducted in-depth research, strict access and unified management for seed
           candidates and all kinds of asset management products, and established a risk control mechanism for the whole
           process of product access, marketing and after-sales service. In terms of the display of agency sales products,
           the Company highlighted the reminders of product management agencies, risk rating and investment duration in
           various sales channels and information query platforms, so as to help customers identify the sources and elements
           of products. In terms of system restrictions, the sales system is able to clearly remind or restrict customers to avoid
           purchases that excess their risk appetite. In terms of sales quality control, the Company set up special areas for
           wealth management (agency sales) products sales in its outlets to strictly implement the requirements on audio and
           video recording during the sales process.
           The Company was committed to building a full-process companion system for products. Through live product
           roadshows, a series of investor education articles and one-minute short videos on wealth management, we helped
           customers better understand wealth management products; through the interpretation of relevant policies and
           regulations, investment strategy reviews and comments, quarterly product operation reports, aperiodic market
           fluctuation reviews, we popularised financial knowledge to customers; through continued expansion of companion
           service for online wealth management products, we constantly improved after-sales service experience.
           Information security and privacy protection
           The Company attaches great importance to the protection of customer privacy and data security management, and
           actively implements the requirements of national laws and regulations as well as financial industrial standards such
           as “Network Security Law of the People’s Republic of China” (
                                                                       《中華人民共和國網絡安全法》                  ), “Personal Information
           Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China” (   《中華人民共和國個人信息保護法》                   ) and “Personal Financial
           Information Protection Technical Specification” (
                                                          《個人金融信息保護技術規範》              ), so as to make every effort to protect
           the security of personal information.
           Regarding the information security and privacy protection of retail customers, the Company issued the “Management
           Measures for Retail Finance Personal Information of China Merchants Bank (Fifth Edition)” (     《招商銀行零售金融個
           人信息管理辦法(第五版)》            ), set up a safety protection system for the whole life cycle, from collecting, transmitting,
           using, sharing to saving retail financial personal information, as well as the treatment mechanism for personal
           information protection such as emergency plan, risk management, supervision and inspection, and personal
           information complaint channel, carried out tiered and classified authorisation management, strictly controlling the
           scope of authorisation for personal information inquiry, enhancing the safety impact assessment and management
           on the use of personal information, standardising the approval management of personal information use, carrying
           out internal control and inspection, emergency drill and other activities of personal information, and strengthening
           the publicity and education of personal information protection, in order to strictly prevent data leakage risks.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                97
Annual Report 2021


      Regarding the information security and privacy protection of corporate customers, the Company issued the
      “Management Measures for Users of Wholesale Customer Relationship Management System of China Merchants
      Bank (Second Edition)” (《招商銀行批發客戶關係管理系統用戶管理辦法(第二版)》                              ), and strictly controlled system users
      and the content of corporate customer information that users can access. Important customer information was
      labelled, and customer behavior was refined through such labels to avoid leakage of detailed customer information.
      Customer information was divided into more than 100 modules, and different modules were controlled under
      different authorisations, sensitive information could only be viewed by authorised personnel, and browsing traces for
      customer information inquiries and access were kept.
      During the reporting period, the Company did not have any major incident of Internet security, information security
      or privacy leakage.



4.3.5 Consumer rights protection
      The Company attaches great importance to the protection of consumer rights, has always been committed to
      building the bank with best customer experience. By dynamically integrating the “People-centered” philosophy with
      the “Customer-centered” value, the Company adheres to the notion of “extensive wealth management system
      with the companionship of consumer protection throughout the whole process”, so as to earnestly implement
      the requirements of the People’s Bank of China and China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for the
      protection of consumer rights.
      During the reporting period, the Company effectively assumed the main responsibility of consumer rights protection.
      With great focus by the Board of Directors and the senior management, the Company continued to promote the
      integration of self-discipline supervision and business development, so as to make its own contribution in the
      prevention and mitigation of financial risks, create a pure environment for financial consumption, and “satisfy
      people’s new expectations for a better life”. During the reporting period, the Company revised the documents such
      as “Application for Opening Personal Account” (  《個人賬戶開戶申請書》            ), “Service Agreement of CMB Life Platform”
      (
      《掌上生活平台服務協議》              ) and “Wealth Management Product Sales Agreement of China Merchants Bank” (        《招商
      銀行理財產品銷售協議書》               ), fully respected and consciously protected the legitimate rights of consumers, actively
      implemented a pre-examination mechanism for the protection of consumer rights to shift the risk threshold forward,
      identified and corrected potential hazards that may harm the legitimate rights of consumers from the customers’
      perspective, covering all aspects including design and development, pricing management, agreement formulation,
      marketing and publicity of product and service, and conducted 34,063 consumer rights protection reviews during
      the reporting period. Special trainings on consumer rights protection comprehensively covered senior management,
      business line personnel related to consumer rights protection, grassroots personnel and new employees, with more
      than 80,000 participants. In terms of performance appraisal, the Company included the protection of consumer
      rights and the handling of consumer complaints into the comprehensive assessment index system of branches and
      the Head Office. In terms of independent auditing, the Company put the protection of consumer rights into the
      scope of the annual audit as the focus of audit work every year.
      The Company provided consumers with convenient ways to obtain information on consumer rights protection,
      opened up a large-font column of customer rights protection on the official website of “All-in-one Net”, published
      information such as complaint handling procedures and acceptance channels in various ways, and updated financial
      knowledge, case study and work briefings from time to time.
98   China Merchants Bank             Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2021


           During the reporting period, the Company received a total of 21,628 complaints transferred from regulatory
           authorities. The regional distribution is shown in the table below.
                                                             No. of                          No. of                   No. of
           Region                                         complaints           Region     complaints    Region     complaints
           Beijing                                                    223        Fujian          67      Yunnan            64
           Tianjin                                                    108       Jiangxi          70        Tibet            –
           Hebei                                                       25    Shandong           191      Shaanxi           78
           Shanxi                                                      46       Henan            41       Gansu             3
           Inner Mongolia                                              11        Hubei          225      Qinghai            7
           Liaoning                                                    92       Hunan            67      Ningxia           14
           Jilin                                                       13   Guangdong           232     Xinjiang           30
           Heilongjiang                                                61      Guangxi           20       Dalian           30
           Shanghai(Note)                                          17,876       Hainan            5      Ningbo            23
           Jiangsu                                                    206   Chongqing            62      Xiamen            56
           Zhejiang                                                   118      Sichuan          179     Qingdao            68
           Anhui                                                       62     Guizhou             9    Shenzhen         1,246

           Note:   including complaints related to credit cards.



           During the reporting period, the rate of customer feedback (including customer complaints, rational suggestions
           and opinions) of the Bank was 0.33%. According to the business classification of customer feedback, debit cards
           accounted for 39%, and credit cards accounted for 61%.
           During the reporting period, the Company developed publicity and education plans on different topics according to
           different groups of people and at different timing. In the “March 15 Financial Consumer Rights Day”, “Popularising
           Financial Knowledge and Guarding Your Money Bag” and “Financial Knowledge Popularisation Month, Financial
           Knowledge Enters Ten Thousand of Homes, Strive to be a Rational Investor and Strive to be a Good Financial
           Netizen” activities in 2021 organised by the regulatory authorities, the Company organised a total of 22,608
           activities with 641 million consumers attended. The Company has established long-term publicity and education
           zones in all outlets, actively carried out publicity activities in campuses, communities, factories and companies to
           effectively remind consumers of financial risks, intercepted frauds, and encouraged branches to carry out diversified
           normal financial knowledge publicity activities in accordance with local conditions. The Company actively created a
           variety of online publicity campaigns, such as mini games, videos, music videos and interactive graphics and texts,
           and cross-industry publicity. “Zhao Xiao Bao (招小寶)”, the Company’s financial knowledge popularisation and
           consumer education brand, successively published more than 70 short videos on financial knowledge on WeChat
           video account, with a cumulative view of more than 100 million, and a single video with up to 20 million views.
           Some original video works were reposted by the Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security and
           the National Anti-fraud Center.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                              99
Annual Report 2021


4.3.6 Human resources development
      In terms of recruitment management, the Company is committed to eliminating discrimination in terms of gender,
      age, ethnicity, family status, religion, sexual orientation and social origin in recruitment and employment, and
      stipulates that discriminatory descriptions are strictly prohibited in external recruitment announcements. The
      Company focuses on campus recruitment, which is supplemented by social recruitment, the recruitment channels
      are mainly resume delivery on the official website and internal recommendation. During the reporting period, the
      Company made every effort to build the best employer brand, publicised through “online+offline” channels in a
      three-dimensional all-round manner via carriers that attract young people like short videos and long graphics and
      texts, so as to attract more excellent talents in the extent possible.
      In terms of remuneration management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration
      and benefit, and sticks to the notion that gender is not a factor affecting remuneration and benefits. At the same
      time, the annual remuneration analysis report focused on the remuneration and benefits of different genders, and
      no abnormalities were found. The Company adjusts the salary standard of different posts according to the market
      situation and provides employees with competitive remuneration.
      In terms of career development paths, the Company has established a dual-channel development system
      for employees with management capabilities or professionalism, which has changed the single, narrow and
      administrative cadre promotion channel that used to be like “thousands of men trying to cross a thin little log over
      a river”. At the same time, a reserve talent pool has been established to encourage employees to choose their own
      posts, so that employees can be their own masters.
      In terms of performance appraisal, the Company continues to optimise the closed-loop performance management of
      the whole process, and satisfies the actual needs in performance appraisal through various methods. The Company
      supervises objective setting, process coaching, performance evaluation and results communication, and prompts
      quarterly and annual performance communication in a timely manner. The Company optimised the 2021 employee
      appraisal plan, and added value evaluation to the appraisal plan for cadres and staff at various levels. The Company
      held two training courses for certified performance managers and completed the certification of 50 performance
      managers within the year. The Company realised online operation of full performance management process, and
      improved the professional capability and management level of teams in each business line.
      In terms of employee training, during the reporting period, the Company continued to improve the comprehensive
      employee training system covering different employees and business lines. In terms of new employee training,
      the single training model was upgraded to a “three-in-one” comprehensive model of centralised training, remote
      connection and open classrooms. During the reporting period, 100% coverage of new employee induction training
      was achieved. In terms of professional staff training, we have built a cross-business line integrated curriculum
      system, enhanced the customisation and professionalism of curriculum, and stimulated the motivation of employees
      to learn. For the training of leaders and cadres, a “CMB-oriented, light-model and normalised” management cadre
      training system was established, and refined leadership training was promoted at different levels, a training plan
      was formulated by focusing on “strategy, culture and team leadership”, a closed learning loop that includes pre-
      assessment, online learning, intensive study and discussion, on-the-job practice and post-evaluation was built.
      During the reporting period, the Head office organised and carried out 29 leadership training sessions, with 1,194
      management cadres attended.
      In terms of employee health, safety and welfare, the Company advocates the work philosophy of “Happy Work,
      Healthy Life” and provides comprehensive non-salary benefits to employees. The Company actively responds to
      the implementation of national maternity policy, implements maternity leave in accordance with the requirements
      of the place of operation, and pays remuneration and benefits as normal attendance during maternity leave. In
      accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations and in consideration of the actual situation, an enterprise
      annuity system has been established and operated for nearly 20 years since 2001, and the Company continued to
      provide holiday greetings, physical examinations, short-term group personal insurance and critical illness insurance,
      supplementary medical insurance and other benefits to the retired employees.
100   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
      Annual Report 2021


      4.3.7 Rural revitalisation
            The Company resolutely implemented the relevant requirements of “Opinions of the Central Committee of the
            Communist Party of China and the State Council on Comprehensively Promoting Rural Revitalisation and Accelerating
            the Modernisation of Agriculture and the Countryside” (黨中央、國務院《關於全面推進鄉村振興加快農業農村現代化
            的意見》     ) and “Assessment and Evaluation Measures for the Effectiveness of Paired-up Poverty Alleviation of State-
            owned Entities” ( 《中央單位定點幫扶工作成效考核評價辦法》                          ) by increasing the assistance to Wuding and Yongren
            counties in Yunnan instead of reducing the assistance in the five-year transition period starting from the date of
            poverty alleviation. Taking consolidating the achievements in poverty alleviation and effectively linking up rural
            revitalisation as the guiding principles of rural revitalisation assistance, the Company gradually realised the smooth
            transition from pooling resources for poverty alleviation to consolidating the achievements in poverty alleviation and
            comprehensively promoting rural revitalisation.
            During the reporting period, the Company formulated the “CMB 2021 Rural Revitalisation Work Plan” (               《招商銀
            行2021年鄉村振興幫扶工作計劃》                    ), and actively carried out paired-up poverty alleviation focusing on five aspects,
            i.e. industrial revitalisation, talent revitalisation, cultural revitalisation, ecological revitalisation and organisational
            revitalisation, for which the Company invested supporting funds of RMB48,586,300, helped raise supporting
            funds of RMB9,036,000, trained 2,042 grassroots officials and 3,869 technicians, purchased agricultural products
            worth RMB13,955,500 from poverty-stricken areas, and helped poverty-stricken areas sell agricultural products
            worth RMB5,580,200 in Wuding County and Yongren County, Yunnan Province, thus further consolidating the
            achievements of “guarantee the supply of food and clothing, guarantee compulsory education, basic medical care
            and housing safety”, and successfully accomplishing the tasks of paired-up poverty alleviation designated to State-
            owned entities. At the same time, President Tian Huiyu and Executive Vice President Wang Yungui led respective
            teams to conduct research on poverty alleviation in each of the two counties, and offered on-site guidance on
            poverty alleviation.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                             101
Annual Report 2021


      Next, the Company will focus on researching and assisting the two counties to establish a mechanism to prevent
      the reoccurrence of poverty. By focusing on both increasing income and preventing the reoccurrence of poverty, the
      Company will explore the establishment of a long-term mechanism for solving the poverty problem and effectively
      link poverty alleviation with rural revitalisation centering around the rural revitalisation strategy.



4.4 Governance Information
      The Company continued to improve and perfect its modern corporate systems, upheld prudent operation and
      strengthen risk control, so as to promote quality development with high quality of corporate governance. The core
      of the Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to the leadership of the Party, strengthen Party-
      building, continuously play the core role of the Party in corporate governance, and integrate the leadership of the
      Party into all aspects of corporate governance. The key to the Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to
      adhere to the President assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, the market-
      based talent selection and employment mechanism and the remuneration incentive mechanism. The Company’s
      shareholding structure is reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviors are regulated. The Shareholders’ General
      Meeting is the Company’s authority and exercises its powers according to law. The Board of Directors, the Board of
      Supervisors and the senior management diligently perform their duties with emphasis on the Company’s adherence
      to the President assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, which provides a
      fundamental guarantee for the long-term, healthy and sustainable development of the Company. The Board of
      Directors mainly controls overall situation, steers development direction and ensures efficient implementation, with
      focus on strategic guidance, risk management, incentives and constraints. The Board of Supervisors performed
      its supervisory functions comprehensively and thoroughly in respect of major issues relating to the operation
      and development of the Company. It actively carried out supervision and evaluation of the performance of the
      Board of Directors, senior management and their members, with emphasis on strengthening the supervision of
      development strategies, financial activities, internal control and risk management in a scientific, standardised and
      effective manner, so as to effectively safeguard the legitimate rights of corporate governance stakeholders such as
      the Company, its shareholders and employees. The Company has established a sound hierarchical discussion and
      management authorisation system under which the President is accountable to the Board of Directors. The Company
      adheres to the market-oriented talent selection and employment mechanism and the remuneration incentive
      mechanism to fully stimulate the vitality of talents, and guides officials and employees to establish the concept of
      sharing interests and risks with the Company, thereby providing a strong mechanism guarantee for its long-term
      stable development.
102   China Merchants Bank       Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
      Annual Report 2021


            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company effectively performed its relevant duties in
            environmental, social and governance (including ESG matters such as green finance, inclusive finance, human
            resources, consumer rights protection, philanthropy and social responsibilities). The Board of Directors and its
            relevant special committees reviewed and approved the relevant resolutions on the “14th Five-Year Strategic Plan
            (2021-2025) of China Merchants Bank”, the “Report on Performance in Risk Management under the Trend of Green
            Finance”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2020 and Work Plan Report for 2021”, the “Human Resources
            Management and Talent Strategy Implementation for 2020”, the “Employee Behavior Evaluation Report for 2020”,
            the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2020”, the “Bank-wide Customer Complaint Analysis Report
            for 2020”, the “Sustainable Development Report for 2020”, the full text and summary of 2020 Annual Report, and
            the full text and summary of 2021 Interim Report, so as to further promote the Company’s active development of
            green finance to serve the national goal of carbon peak and carbon neutrality, strictly implement the national policy
            on inclusive finance, vigorously enhance the awareness and strength of consumer rights protection, thoroughly
            implement the responsibility of “originating from society and returning to society”, and work together with all
            stakeholders to promote a better society. In addition, in accordance with the guidance of national policy and
            requirements of regulatory policy, the Company has included the duties in relation to green finance into the duties
            of the Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors. At the same time, the Company is planning to change
            the name of the “Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors” to the “Strategy and Sustainability Committee
            under the Board of Directors” to coordinate and perform ESG-related responsibilities.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company studied and reviewed the “Inclusive Finance
            Development for 2020 and Work Plan Report for 2021”, the “Internet Loan Development for 2020 and Work Plan
            Report for 2021”, the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2020” and the “Sustainable Development
            Report for 2020”, focusing on the Board of Directors and senior management’s duty performance on the issues
            related to inclusive finance, green finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, and put forward
            opinions and suggestions.
            For more details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter V.
103   China Merchants Bank   VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021



      Corporate Governance
      Adhering to the philosophy of
      wealth for common good
      Helping you to achieve
      everlasting growth
      Providing "personal-family-corporate-
      social"private banking service system
      to high-net-worth individuals and their
      enterprises
104   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021



      Corporate Governance

      5.1 Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                  Shareholders’ General Meeting


                 Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                                Nomination Committee

               Nomination Committee                        Board of Directors          Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                 Supervisory Committee

       Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                                        Office of the Board of         Office of Board of
                                                                               Directors                  Supervisors

      Risk and Capital Management Committee

                                                                                                                        Assets and Liabilities Management
                                                                                                                                   Committee
                   Audit Committee
                                                                                                                        Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                                                   Committee
        Related Party Transactions Management and
                                                                 Executive Office of
          Consumer Rights Protection Committee
                                                                     President
                                                                                                                        Anti-money Laundering, Sanction
                                                                                                                     and Compliance Management Committee

                  Shanghai Audit Division                                         Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                              IT Management Committee
                                                    Audit Department

                  Shenzhen Audit Division                                          Xi’an Audit Division                     Business Continuity Management
                                                                                                                                      Committee


                   Nanjing Audit Division                                        Wuhan Audit Division                             Fintech Committee



                  Shenyang Audit Division                                       Chengdu Audit Division



                                                                                 Fuzhou Audit Division




      5.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
              During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ general meeting, reviewed 14 proposals and
              heard 5 reports, as further described in “Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings”.
              During the reporting period, the Company convened 14 meetings of the Board of Directors, at which 83 proposals
              were reviewed and 19 reports were heard; convened 30 meetings of special committees under the Board of
              Directors, at which 104 proposals were reviewed and 35 reports were heard; and convened 1 meeting of
              Non-Executive Directors, at which 1 report was heard. During the reporting period, the Company convened the 21st
              meeting, the 22nd meeting, the 23rd meeting, the 24th meeting, the 25th meeting, the 26th meeting, the 27th
              meeting, the 28th meeting, the 29th meeting, the 30th meeting, the 31st meeting, the 32nd meeting, the 33rd
              meeting and the 34th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors on 17 March, 19 March, 23 April, 20
              May, 31 May, 10 June, 25 June, 12 August, 13 August, 19 August, 13 October, 19 October, 22 October and 26
              November, respectively, at which Directors paid most of their attention on reviewing the Company’s annual financial
              reports, profit distribution plan, the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the outline of the five-year plan for development of
              extensive wealth management, the outline of the five-year plan for development of Fintech, the outline of the
              five-year plan for the acquisition of risk management capability, the comprehensive risk report, the report on the
              execution of risk appetites, the report on capital adequacy, the report on the human resources management and
              the implementation of talent strategy, the work report of the Board of Directors, the report on the evaluation
              of performance of duties of the Board of Directors and its members, the report on the development of inclusive
              finance and its work plan, the work report on the anti-money laundering and sanction compliance, the report on
              the related transaction management, the report on the protection of consumer rights and the report on sustainable
              development, among other proposals.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                   105
Annual Report 2021




      During the reporting period, the Company convened 14 meetings of the Board of Supervisors, at which 36
      proposals were reviewed and 26 reports were heard; and 8 meetings of the special committees under the Board of
      Supervisors, at which 10 proposals were reviewed. In addition, 2 collective researches were organised by the Board
      of Supervisors.
      For details of the proposals reviewed by the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, please
      refer to the disclosure documents including the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the
      websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
      Having conducted thorough self-inspection pursuant to relevant requirements of the Announcement Regarding
      Implementation of Special Actions on Listed Companies Governance ([2020] No.69) issued by CSRC and the Notice
      Regarding Promoting the Principal Responsibility of Listed Companies in the Jurisdiction for Enhancing Governance
      to Achieve High Quality Development ([2020] No.128) issued by CSRC Shenzhen Office, the Company was not
      aware of any material non-compliance of its corporate governance practice with the requirements set out in the
      laws, administrative regulations and CSRC’s regulatory documents governing the corporate governance of listed
      companies.

5.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ general meeting, being the 2020 Annual
      General Meeting held in Shenzhen on 25 June 2021. The notice, convening, holding and voting procedures of
      such meeting were in compliance with the relevant requirements of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
      China, the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. 14 proposals
      were reviewed and approved at the meeting, including the 2020 Work Report of the Board of Directors, the 2020
      Work Report of the Board of Supervisors, the 2020 Annual Report (including the audited financial report), the 2020
      Financial Statement Report, the 2020 Profit Distribution Plan (including the declaration of final dividends), and the
      appointment of accounting firm for the year 2021. For details of the relevant resolutions reviewed and reports heard
      at the meeting, please refer to the disclosure documents including the 2020 Annual General Meeting documents,
      the general meeting circulars and the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the websites of
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. For details of the attendance of Directors
      at the Shareholders’ general meeting, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings” in this report.



5.4 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                  Whether or
                                                                                                                                      not had
                                                                                                                            Total    received
                                                                                                                   remuneration remuneration
                                                                                                                       before tax   from the
                                                                                                                   received from  Company’s
                                                                                    Shareholding                   the Company         related
                                                                                           at the   Shareholding      during the       parties
                                                                                    beginning of       at the end       reporting during the
                                 Date of                           Term of            the period    of the period period (in ten   reporting
      Name             Gender    Birth (Y/M) Title                 office                 (share)          (share)    thousands)        period
      Miao Jianmin     Male      1965.1      Chairman              2020.9－2022.6                –              –              –           Yes
                                             Non-Executive         2020.9－2022.6
                                               Director
      Fu Gangfeng      Male      1966.12     Vice Chairman         2018.7－2022.6                –              –              –           Yes
                                             Non-Executive         2010.8－2022.6
                                               Director
      Tian Huiyu       Male      1965.12     Executive Director    2013.8－2022.6         335,500         335,500         419.83            No
                                             President and Chief   2013.9－2022.6
                                               Executive Officer
      Zhou Song        Male      1972.4      Non-Executive         2018.10－2022.6              –               –              –           Yes
                                               Director
      Hong Xiaoyuan    Male      1963.3      Non-Executive         2007.6－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                               Director
      Zhang Jian       Male      1964.10     Non-Executive         2016.11－2022.6              –               –              –           Yes
                                               Director
      Su Min           Female    1968.2      Non-Executive         2014.9－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                               Director
106   China Merchants Bank            Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


                                                                                                                                         Whether or
                                                                                                                                             not had
                                                                                                                                   Total    received
                                                                                                                          remuneration remuneration
                                                                                                                              before tax   from the
                                                                                                                          received from  Company’s
                                                                                           Shareholding                   the Company         related
                                                                                                  at the   Shareholding      during the       parties
                                                                                           beginning of       at the end       reporting during the
                                       Date of                            Term of            the period    of the period period (in ten   reporting
            Name             Gender    Birth (Y/M) Title                  office                 (share)          (share)    thousands)        period
            Wang Daxiong     Male      1960.12     Non-Executive          2016.11－2022.6              –               –              –           Yes
                                                     Director
            Luo Sheng        Male      1970.9      Non-Executive          2019.7－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                                     Director
            Wang Liang       Male      1965.12     Executive Director     2019.8－2022.6         240,000         250,000         334.26            No
                                                   First Executive Vice   2021.8－2022.6
                                                     President
                                                   Chief Financial        2019.4－2022.6
                                                     Officer
                                                   Secretary of the       2021.8－2022.6
                                                     Board of Directors
            Wong See Hong    Male      1953.6      Independent Non-       2017.2－2022.6               –               –          50.00            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Li Menggang      Male      1967.4      Independent Non-       2018.11－2022.6              –               –          50.00            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Liu Qiao         Male      1970.5      Independent Non-       2018.11－2022.6              –               –          50.00            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Tian Hongqi      Male      1957.5      Independent Non-       2019.8－2022.6               –               –          50.00            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Li Chaoxian      Male      1958.9      Independent Non-       2021.8－2022.6               –               –          18.28            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Shi Yongdong     Male      1968.11     Independent Non-       2021.8－2022.6               –               –          18.28            No
                                                     Executive Director
            Xiong Liangjun   Male      1963.2      Chairman of Board      2021.8－2022.6         240,000         240,000         321.23            No
                                                     of Supervisors,
                                                     Employee
                                                     Supervisor
            Peng Bihong      Male      1963.10     Shareholder            2019.6－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                                     Supervisor
            Wu Heng          Male      1976.8      Shareholder            2016.6－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                                     Supervisor
            Guo Xikun        Male      1965.9      Shareholder            2021.6－2022.6               –               –              –           Yes
                                                     Supervisor
            Ding Huiping     Male      1956.6      External Supervisor    2016.6－2022.6               –               –          40.00            No
            Han Zirong       Male      1963.7      External Supervisor    2016.6－2022.6               –               –          40.00            No
            Xu Zhengjun      Male      1955.9      External Supervisor    2019.6－2022.6               –               –          40.00            No
            Wang Wanqing     Male      1964.9      Employee Supervisor    2018.7－2022.6         181,000         181,000         279.52            No
            Cai Jin          Female    1970.7      Employee Supervisor    2021.12－2022.6        124,550         114,050          17.14            No
            Wang Jianzhong   Male      1962.10     Executive Vice         2019.4－2022.6         240,200         240,200         306.43            No
                                                     President
            Shi Shunhua      Male      1962.12     Executive Vice         2019.4－2022.6         245,000         245,000         306.65            No
                                                     President
            Wang Yungui      Male      1963.6      Executive Vice         2019.6－2022.6         160,000         210,000         306.43            No
                                                     President
            Li Delin         Male      1974.12     Executive Vice         2021.3－2022.6         200,000         204,400         306.65            No
                                                     President
            Zhu Jiangtao     Male      1972.12     Executive Vice         2021.9－2022.6         175,000         198,800          75.11            No
                                                     President
China Merchants Bank                Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                             107
Annual Report 2021


                                                                                                                                               Whether or
                                                                                                                                                   not had
                                                                                                                                         Total    received
                                                                                                                                remuneration remuneration
                                                                                                                                    before tax   from the
                                                                                                                                received from  Company’s
                                                                                                Shareholding                    the Company         related
                                                                                                       at the    Shareholding      during the       parties
                                                                                                beginning of        at the end       reporting during the
                                       Date of                                Term of             the period     of the period period (in ten   reporting
      Name                 Gender      Birth (Y/M) Title                      office                  (share)           (share)    thousands)        period
      Xiong Kai            Male        1971.4         Secretary of the        2021.7－present          225,600         225,600          149.12             No
                                                        Party Discipline
                                                        Committee
      Zhong Desheng        Male        1967.7         Executive Assistant     2021.10－present         166,600         177,300           50.31             No
                                                        President
      Wang Xiaoqing        Male        1971.10        Executive Assistant     2021.10－present                –               –               –            No
                                                        President
      Liu Jianjun          Male        1965.8         Former Executive        2019.8－2021.5           240,000         240,000          139.21             No
                                                        Director
                                                      Former Executive        2013.12－2021.5
                                                        Vice President
                                                      Former Secretary        2019.7－2021.5
                                                        of the Board of
                                                        Directors
      Leung Kam Chung, Male            1952.1         Former Independent      2015.1－2021.8                  –               –          31.72             No
        Antony                                          Non-Executive
                                                        Director
      Zhao Jun             Male        1962.9         Former Independent      2015.1－2021.8                  –               –          31.72             No
                                                        Non-Executive
                                                        Director
      Liu Yuan             Male        1962.1         Former Chairman         2014.8－2021.8           270,000         270,000          239.89             No
                                                        of Board of
                                                        Supervisors,
                                                        Former Employee
                                                        Supervisor
      Wen Jianguo          Male        1962.10        Former Shareholder      2016.6－2021.4                  –               –               –            No
                                                        Supervisor
      Liu Xiaoming         Male        1963.11        Former Employee         2019.6－2021.12          145,000         145,000          202.69             No
                                                        Supervisor
      Liu Hui              Female      1970.5         Former Executive        2019.4－2021.5           222,100         199,400          108.61             No
                                                        Assistant President

      Notes:

      (1)         The remuneration received by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were appointed or resigned during the
                  reporting period is calculated based on the length of their terms of office during the reporting period. Mr. Wang Xiaoqing received
                  his remuneration from China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of the Company.

      (2)         The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management
                  of the Company is still being verified. The remaining part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and
                  payment.

      (3)         As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A Shares in the Company and Ms. Cai Jin held
                  114,050 shares in the Company, of which consisted 109,500 A Shares and 4,550 H Shares. The Shares held by others listed in the
                  above table were all A Shares. The changes in Ms. Cai Jin’s shareholding was resulting from the shareholding reduction before her
                  appointment as an Employee Supervisor and the changes in Ms. Liu Hui’s shareholding was resulting from the shareholding reduction
                  after six months as of her resignation as the Executive Assistant President. The changes in others’ shareholding during the reporting
                  period were all resulting from shareholding increase.

      (4)         None of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s)
                  over the past three years.

      (5)         None of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management listed in the above table holds any share options of the Company or has
                  been granted any of its restricted shares.
108   China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.4.1 Appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            In May 2021, Mr. Liu Jianjun ceased to be the Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Secretary of the
            Board of Directors of the Company due to change of work arrangement.
            In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 annual Shareholders’ general meeting of the
            Company, Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi Yongdong were elected as the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the
            Company, whose qualifications as the Independent Directors were approved by the CBIRC in August 2021. At the
            same time, Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Directors
            of the Company due to the expiry of their appointments.
            Supervisors
            In April 2021, Mr. Wen Jianguo ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to change of work
            arrangement.
            In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 annual Shareholders’ general meeting of the
            Company, Mr. Guo Xikun was elected as the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company.
            In August 2021, Mr. Liu Yuan ceased to be the Chairman of Board of Supervisors and Employee Supervisor of the
            Company due to change of work arrangement.
            In August 2021, Mr. Xiong Liangjun was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Company at the staff congress
            of the Company. According to the resolutions passed at the 21st meeting of the 11th session of the Board of
            Supervisors of the Company, Mr. Xiong Liangjun was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the
            Company.
            In December 2021, Mr. Liu Xiaoming ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Company due to change of work
            arrangement.
            In December 2021, Ms. Cai Jin was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Company at the staff congress of the
            Company.
            Senior management
            Mr. Li Delin was appointed as the Executive Vice President of the Company at the 20th meeting of the 11th session
            of the Board of Directors of the Company. In March 2021, the qualification of Mr. Li Delin as the Executive Vice
            President was approved by the CBIRC.
            In May 2021, Ms. Liu Hui ceased to be the Executive Assistant President of the Company due to change of work
            arrangement.
            In July 2021, Mr. Xiong Kai was appointed as the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company.
            In August 2021, Mr. Wang Liang was appointed as the First Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Board of
            Directors of the Company in accordance with the resolutions passed at the 30th meeting of the 11th session of the
            Board of Directors of the Company.
            In August 2021, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao was appointed as the Executive Vice President of the Company in accordance
            with the resolutions passed at the 30th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the Company. In
            September 2021, the qualification of Mr. Zhu Jiangtao as the Executive Vice President was approved by the CBIRC.
            In October 2021, the qualifications of Mr. Zhong Desheng and Mr. Wang Xiaoqing as the Executive Assistant
            President were approved by the CBIRC.
            For details of the appointments and resignation, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the
            Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     109
Annual Report 2021


5.4.2 Changes in information of Directors and Supervisors
      1.     Mr. Zhang Jian ceases to concurrently serve as the vice chairman of the board of directors of China
             Merchants Capital Management Co., Ltd. (招商局資本管理有限責任公司) and the vice chairman of the board
             of directors of China Merchants Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局資本控股有限責任公司) and the director of
             China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited (招商局聯合發展有限公司).
      2.     Mr. Wang Daxiong ceases to concurrently serve as the chairman of the COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings
             Co., Ltd. (中遠海運投資控股有限公司).
      3.     Mr. Luo Sheng concurrently serves as the acting person in charge of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
      4.     Mr. Wang Liang serves as the First Executive Vice President, Secretary of the Board of Directors and Company
             Secretary of the Company, as well as the authorised representative in charge of matters in relation to listing
             in Hong Kong and the executive council member of the sixth session of Banking Accounting Society of China.
      5.     Mr. Wong See Hong ceases to concurrently serve as the Independent Director of HDR Global Trading Limited.
      6.     Mr. Li Menggang ceases to concurrently serve as the chairman of the Professional Committee of the Logistics
             Informatisation and Industrial Security System (物流信息化與產業安全系統專業委員會) of Institute of Electrical
             and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the independent director of Hunan Copote Science & Technology Co.,
             Ltd., a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange.
      7.     Mr. Liu Qiao ceases to concurrently serve as the independent non-executive director of Zensun Enterprises
             Limited (formerly known as ZH International Holdings Limited, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
             Exchange).
      8.     Mr. Xiong Liangjun concurrently serves as the member of Shenzhen Finance Development Consultation
             Committee (深圳市金融發展諮詢委員會).
      9.     Mr. Peng Bihong concurrently serves as the director of China State-owned Enterprise Structural Adjustment
             Fund Co., Ltd. (中國國有企業結構調整基金股份有限公司) and the vice chairman of the council of China
             Oceanic Development Foundation, the vice chairman and council member of Communications Branch (交通分
             會) of China Institute of Internal Audit, the vice chairman of China Communications Accounting Society, the
             member of the Strategy Advisory Committee (戰略諮詢委員會) of Shanghai National Accounting Institute, the
             intelligent finance specialist of Shared Finance Special Committee (共享財務專業委員會) of The Innovation &
             Entrepreneurship Education Alliance of China.
      10.    Mr. Wu Heng concurrently serves as the director of Wuhan Kotei Informatics Co., Ltd. (武漢光庭信息技術股
             份有限公司), a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
      11.    Mr. Guo Xikun ceases to serve as the vice chairman of the board of directors of Hebei Port Group Finance
             Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團財務有限公司) but serves as the chairman of the board of directors thereto instead
             and ceases to concurrently serve as the supervisor of National Coal Exchange Co., Ltd.
110   China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.4.3 Current positions held by Directors and Supervisors in the shareholders ’
            companies
            Name             Name of Company               Major Title                             Term of Office
            Miao Jianmin     China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chairman                                From July 2020 up to now
            Fu Gangfeng      China COSCO Shipping          Director and General Manager            From September 2019 up
                               Corporation Limited                                                   to now
            Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chief Accountant                        From October 2018 up to
                                                                                                     now
            Hong Xiaoyuan    China Merchants Group Ltd.    Assistant General Manager               From September 2011 up
                                                                                                     to now
                                                           Director (Executive) of the Executive   From June 2018 up to now
                                                             Committee of the China Merchants
                                                             Financial Group/Platform
            Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chief Digital Officer                   From January 2019 up to
                                                                                                     now
                                                           Deputy Director (Executive) of the      From June 2018 up to now
                                                             Executive Committee of the China
                                                             Merchants Financial Group/Platform
            Su Min           China Merchants Group Ltd.    Deputy Director (Executive) of the      From June 2018 up to now
                                                             Executive Committee of the China
                                                             Merchants Financial Group/Platform
            Wang Daxiong     COSCO SHIPPING                Chairman                                From July 2019 up to now
                              Development Co., Ltd.
            Luo Sheng        Dajia Insurance Group Co.,    Deputy General Manager                  From September 2020 up
                               Ltd.                                                                  to now
                                                           Temporary Head                          From September 2021 up
                                                                                                     to now
            Peng Bihong      China Communications          Chief Accountant                        From September 2019 up
                               Construction Group Co.,                                               to now
                               Ltd
            Guo Xikun        Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.    Chief Accountant                        From April 2021 up to now
            Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation        General Manager of Finance Affairs      From August 2019 up to
                               Limited                      Department                               now



      5.4.4 Biography and positions of Directors, supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctorate
            degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He is an alternate
            member of the nineteenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao is the Chairman of China
            Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co.,
            Ltd.. Mr. Miao was the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Vice Chairman,
            President and Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited, the Chairman of PICC
            Property and Casualty Company Limited, the Chairman of PICC Asset Management Company Limited, the Chairman
            of PICC Health Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company of China (Hong
            Kong), Limited, the Chairman of PICC Capital Investment Management Company Limited, the Chairman of PICC
            Pension Company Limited and the Chairman of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited.
            Mr. Fu Gangfeng is the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Fu obtained a bachelor’s
            degree in Finance and a master’s degree in Management Engineering from Xi’an Highway College and is a senior
            accountant. He is the Director and General Manager of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He serves as
            a member and standing committee member of the 13th Session of the Shanghai People’s Political Consultative
            Committee. He was the Deputy Director of the Shekou ZhongHua Certified Public Accountants, the Director of
            the Chief Accountant Office, Deputy Chief Accountant and the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou
            Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd., the General
            Manager of the Finance Division, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd.,
            the Director and General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Port Group
            Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of
            Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and
            the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd..
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    111
Annual Report 2021


      Mr. Tian Huiyu is an Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained
      a bachelor’s degree in Infrastructure Finance and Credit from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and
      a master’s degree in Public Administration from Columbia University. He is a senior economist. He was the Vice
      President of Trust Investment Branch of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 1998 to July 2003, and
      the Vice President of Bank of Shanghai from July 2003 to December 2006. He consecutively served as the Deputy
      General Manager of Shanghai Branch, the head of Shenzhen Branch, and the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch
      of China Construction Bank (“CCB”, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange)
      from December 2006 to March 2011. He acted as the Business Executive of retail banking at the Head Office and
      the Head and General Manager of Beijing Branch of CCB from March 2011 to May 2013. He joined the Company in
      May 2013 and has served as the President of the Company since September 2013. He is concurrently the Chairman
      of CMBIC, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited, the Vice Chairman of Merchants
      Union Consumer Finance Company Limited, a consultant of Shenzhen Strategic Advisory Committee for Enhancing
      Enterprise Competitiveness (深圳市提升企業競爭力戰略諮詢委員會), the Vice President of China Chamber of
      International Commerce, a member of High Level Guidance and Management Committee of Information Technology
      Risk in the Banking Industry (銀行業信息科技風險管理高層指導委員會) and a Director of National Internet Finance
      Association of China.
      Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhou obtained a master’s degree of World
      Economics from Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman
      of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司), the
      Chairman of China Merchants Finance Co., Ltd. (招商局集團財務有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants
      Investment Development Co., Ltd. (招商局投資發展有限公司) and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China
      Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He was
      the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office of China Merchants Bank,
      the Vice General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General Manager
      of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor of China Merchants Bank, the
      Business Director and General Manager of the Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office,
      the President of Interbank Financial Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of
      the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of Investment Banking and Financial
      Market Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of the Head Office and the
      Business Director of the Head Office.
      Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Hong obtained a master’s degree in
      Economics from Peking University and a master’s degree in Science from Australian National University. He is a
      senior economist. He serves as the Director of China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited and the
      Assistant General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of
      the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company
      Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., China
      Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., China Merchants United Development Company Limited and China
      Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., and the Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance
      Co., Ltd. and CNIC Corporation Limited. He served as the Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a
      company then listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants
      China Direct Investments Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chief Executive Officer of
      China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited and the Chairman of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset
      Exchange Co., Ltd..
      Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
      and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
      from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
      Merchants Group Ltd., the Director of the Digital Center, the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee
      of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and a Director of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company
      Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Commerce Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (招商局通
      商融資租賃有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技有限公司), a
      Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., a Director of China Merchants Innovative
      Investment (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資(國際)有限公司), a Director of China Merchants Innovation
      Investment General Partnership (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資普通合夥(國際)有限公司), a Director of Shi
      Jin Shi Credit Service Co., Ltd. (試金石信用服務有限公司) and a Director of Four Rivers Investment Management Co.,
      Ltd. (四源合股權投資管理有限公司). He served as a Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company
      Limited, a Director of China Merchants Insurance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局保險控股有限公司), a Director of China
      Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings
      Co., Ltd., a Director of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd., General Manager of Finance
      Department of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd.,
112   China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, a Director of China
            Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., a Director of China Great Bay Area Fund Management Co., Limited, a
            Director of China Merchants Capital Holdings (International) Limited, the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital
            Management Co. Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Holdings Co. Ltd. and a Director of China
            Merchants United Development Company Limited.
            Ms. Su Min is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Business Administration from China
            University of Technology, and is a senior accountant, a non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of Certified
            Public Accountants and a non-practicing member of China Appraisal Society. She is the Deputy Director (Executive)
            of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform. She concurrently serves as a Director
            of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited, a Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed
            on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director of China Great Wall Securities Co.,
            Ltd. (長城證券股份有限公司). She successively served as the Deputy Director of Property Office of the State-owned
            Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Anhui Province, a Director of Huishang Bank, the Deputy
            General Manager and Chief Accountant of Anhui Energy Group Co., Ltd., the Chief Accountant and a member of
            the Communist Party of China of China Shipping (Group) Company, the Chairman of China Shipping Finance Co.,
            Ltd., the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Leasing Co., Ltd. (中遠海運租賃有限公司), a Director of Bank of Kunlun,
            and a Director of China Shipping Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
            Shanghai Stock Exchange) and China Shipping Container Lines Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). She served as a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment
            Management Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資管理有限責任公司), a Supervisor of China Merchants Capital Investments
            Co., Ltd. and the General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Limited.
            Mr. Wang Daxiong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in
            Shipping Finance and Accounting from the Department of Marine Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime
            University and a master’s degree in Business Administration for Senior Management from Shanghai University of
            Finance and Economics, and is a senior accountant. He is the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,
            Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He concurrently serves as a
            Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai
            Stock Exchange). He served as a Director of China Merchants Bank from March 1998 to March 2014. He also served
            as the Vice President and Chief Accountant of China Shipping (Group) Company, Deputy General Manager of China
            Shipping (Group) Company, the Chairman of China Shipping (HK) Holdings Limited and the Chairman of COSCO
            SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (中遠海運投資控股有限公司).
            Mr. Luo Sheng is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Luo obtained a doctorate degree in corporate
            governance from the Business School of Nankai University. Mr. Luo is currently the Deputy General Manager and
            the Temporary Head of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (大家保險集團有限責任公司) and a Director of Gemdale
            Corporation (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Luo was the principal staff member of the
            Regulation Division of the Policy and Regulation Department, the principal staff member of the Market Analysis
            Division of the Development and Reform Department, the Deputy Director and Director of the Corporate Governance
            Division of the Development and Reform Department, and the Deputy Director of the Regulation Department of
            the China Insurance Regulatory Commission. He also served as an Executive Director, the Executive Vice President,
            the secretary of the Board of Directors, and General Manager of Shanghai Branch of China Insurance Information
            Technology Management Co., Ltd., and the Deputy Director of Development and Reform Department of China
            Insurance Regulatory Commission.
            Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, First Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and the secretary
            of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree in Money and Banking from
            Renmin University of China, and is a senior economist. He successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the
            Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company. He served as the Executive
            Assistant President of the Company and concurrently, the General Manager of Beijing Branch since June 2012.
            He ceased to serve as the General Manager of Beijing Branch in November 2013, and has been serving as an Vice
            President of the Company since January 2015. He concurrently served as the secretary of the Board of Directors of
            the Company from November 2016 to April 2019, and has concurrently been serving as the Chief Financial Officer
            of Company since April 2019. He has served as First Executive Vice President of the Company and concurrently acted
            as the secretary of the Board of Directors, Company Secretary of the Company and the authorised representative in
            charge of matters in relation to listing in Hong Kong since August 2021. He concurrently serves as Vice President
            of Payment & Clearing Association of China, a member of the High-level Steering and Coordination Committee for
            Data Governance of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, a Director of the fourth session of the
            Professional Committee for Intermediate Business of China Banking Association and an Executive Director of the
            sixth session of the Banking Accounting Society of China.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                      113
Annual Report 2021


      Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
      Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctorate degree in Transformational
      Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
      Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司) and EC World Asset Management Private Limited and a
      member of the Financial Management Commission of the Hong Kong Administration Society (香港管理學會財務管理
      委員會). He previously served as the Deputy Chief Executive of BOCHK, head, Managing Director and President for
      the Southeast Asia region, and the head of the Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管) of ABN
      AMRO Bank, a Director of Bank of China Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC
      Group Trustee Company Limited, the Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK
      Asset Management Limited, a member of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s
      Office Singapore (新加坡總理辦公室公務員學院), a member of the Client Consulting Commission (客戶諮詢委員會)
      of Thomson Reuters and an Independent Director of HDR Global Trading Limited.
      Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a Ph.D. in Economics
      and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical Economics from
      Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing Jiaotong University,
      the Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the Director of
      Beijing Laboratory of National Economic Security Pre-Warning Project and the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects
      of the National Social Science Fund. He concurrently serves as the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the
      Expert Committee of China Human Resource Development Association, the Director of the Human Capital Institute,
      the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology Award Foundation (光華工程科技獎勵基金
      會), the Deputy Director of the Independent Board Committee of China Association for Public Companies and an
      Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group)
      Joint-stock Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director of
      Yuxing InfoTech Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the
      Professional Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of Electrical
      and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the Independent Director of Hunan Copote Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a
      company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company
      listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor of science
      degree in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from
      the Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los
      Angeles in the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has
      been serving as the Dean at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance
      and Economics and doctoral supervisor. He is also a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation
      of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Center of Chinese Kuomintang
      Revolutionary Committee, the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Listing Committee of ChiNext
      of Shenzhen Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange,
      the China Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., the Vice Chairman of the China
      Enterprise Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), an Independent Non-Executive Director
      of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), and an
      Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Liu served
      as an assistant professor at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the
      Asia-Pacific Corporate Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company, an assistant professor and associate
      professor (with tenure) at the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Hong Kong and an Independent
      Non-Executive Director of Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as the ZH International Holdings Limited, a
      company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange).
114   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
            in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime University,
            and is a senior accountant. He concurrently serves as the Independent Director of Nanjing Tanker Corporation (招
            商局南京油運股份有限公司，a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He previously served as the Chief
            Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the
            Finance Department of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial
            Department of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股(新加
            坡)有限公司), the General Manager of the Finance Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation
            Headquarters (中遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and the Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
            Mr. Li Chaoxian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctorate in
            Industrial Economics and a master’s degree in Statistics, respectively from Renmin University of China. He is currently
            a professor and doctoral supervisor of Beijing Technology and Business University, and concurrently serves as an
            Independent Director of China World Trade Center Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange)
            and an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering Management Co., Ltd. (北京華達建業工程管理股
            份有限公司) (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations). He served as the Deputy Director
            and Director of the Finance Department of Beijing Business School (predecessor of Beijing Technology and Business
            University), Deputy Dean and Dean of the School of Economics of Beijing Technology and Business University,
            Chief of the Academic Affairs Office of Beijing Technology and Business University, and Vice President of Beijing
            Technology and Business University.
            Mr. Shi Yongdong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Shi obtained a doctorate in
            Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics
            from Jilin University. He is currently the dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioral Sciences of Dongbei
            University of Finance and Economics, and concurrently serves as a council member of China Finance Society, a
            standing council member of the Chinese Finance Annual Meeting (中國金融學年會) and the Chinese Financial
            Projects Annual Meeting (中國金融工程學年會), and a standing council member of the International Symposium
            on Financial Systems Engineering and Risk Management (金融系統工程與風險管理國際年會). He served as the
            Deputy Dean of the School of Finance, the Director of the Applied Finance Center, Chief of the scientific research
            department in Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, an Independent Director of Dalian Huarui Heavy
            Industry Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Bank of
            Anshan Co., Ltd..
            Supervisors
            Mr. Xiong Liangjun is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and an Employee Supervisor.
            He obtained a master’s degree in Money and Banking from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics and
            an EMBA degree from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business. He is a senior economist. He successively
            served as the Deputy Director-General of the CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, the Director-General of the CBRC Guangxi
            Bureau and the CBRC Shenzhen Bureau from September 2003 to July 2014. He served as the Secretary of the Party
            Discipline Committee of the Company since July 2014 and has become the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
            of the Company since August 2021. He has concurrently served as a member of Shenzhen Finance Development
            Consultation Committee (深圳市金融發展諮詢委員會).
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    115
Annual Report 2021


      Mr. Peng Bihong is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Peng graduated from Hunan College of Finance
      and Economics (湖南財經學院) majoring in Finance and obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Wuhan
      University. Mr. Peng is a non-practicing member and a lecturer of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
      He currently serves as a Standing Committee Member of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of China
      Communications Construction Group (Limited), and concurrently a Director of China State-owned Enterprise
      Structural Adjustment Fund Co., Ltd. (中國國有企業結構調整基金股份有限公司), the Vice Chairman of the Council
      of China Oceanic Development Foundation (中國海洋發展基金會), the Vice Chairman of Jiang Tai Insurance
      Brokers Co., Ltd., the Vice Chairman and a Council Member of the Communications Branch of China Institute
      of Internal Audit, the Vice Chairman of China Communications Accounting Society, a member of the Strategy
      Advisory Committee of Shanghai National Accounting Institute and an intelligent finance specialist of Shared
      Finance Special Committee of The Innovation & Entrepreneurship Education Alliance of China. He has worked for
      China Poly Group Corporation Limited (formerly known as China Poly Group Corporation (中國保利集團公司)) for
      nearly 20 years, serving successively as the Director of the Finance Department of China Poly Group Corporation,
      the General Manager of Poly Finance Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer of Poly Real Estate Group Co.,
      Ltd. and a Standing Committee Member of the Party Committee and the Chief Accountant of Poly Group, as well
      as the Chairman of Poly Finance Company Limited and Poly Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. respectively. He served
      as the Chief Financial Officer of China Communications Construction Company Limited from September 2018 to
      September 2019.
      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a
      senior accountant. He is the General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited,
      the General Manager of SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd., a Non-executive Director of Bank
      of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a
      Director of Wuhan Kotei Informatics Co.,Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively
      served as a Deputy Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed
      Income Department of Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company, Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He
      consecutively served as a Division Head, Assistant to Executive Controller and the Manager of Accounting Division
      of Finance Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March 2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial
      Officer of Huayu Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to
      May 2015, and concurrently serving as the Director and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai)
      Co., Ltd. (華域汽車系統(上海)有限公司) during the period from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General
      Manager of the Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
      Mr. Guo Xikun is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and holds a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree.
      He is a senior accountant. He is currently the Chief Accountant of Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.(河北港口集團有
      限公司), the Chairman of Hebei Port Group Finance Company Limited and concurrently serves as the Chairman
      of Qinhuangdao Chief Accountants Association. He served as the Deputy Chief of the Finance Division of the
      Qinhuangdao Port Authority, Deputy Director and director of the Finance Department of Qinhuangdao Port Group
      Co., Ltd., and successively served as the head of the Finance Department, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Chief
      Financial Officer, Deputy General Manager and Vice President of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Ding Huiping is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Ding obtained a doctorate degree in Enterprise
      Economics from University I Linkoeping in Sweden. He is currently a professor and a tutor of doctorate candidates
      in the School of Economics and Management of Beijing Jiaotong University, the head of PRC Enterprise
      Competitiveness Research Center, and Honorary Professor in the Business School of Duquesne University. He is
      concurrently an Independent Director of Beijing Dinghan Technology Group Co., Ltd. (北京鼎漢技術集團股份有限
      公司) (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd. (a company listed
      on Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and China Haisum Engineering Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock
      Exchange). He consecutively served as an Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited
      (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), China Merchants Securities Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Metro Land Corporation
      Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director of the Company from
      May 2003 to May 2006.
116   China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            Mr. Han Zirong is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree in Business
            Economics from Jilin Finance and Trade College, and is an economist and certified public accountant. He is currently
            a partner of Shu Lun Pan Hong Kong CPA Limited, and is concurrently an External Supervisor of Bank of Chengdu
            Corporation Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Xuzhou Rural
            Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (徐州農村商業銀行股份有限公司) and Chengdu Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.. He
            served as a credit administrator of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Changchun Branch from August 1985
            to October 1992. He served as an Assistant Director in the Audit Firm under Audit Bureau of Shenzhen Municipality
            from October 1992 to September 1997. He served as a managing partner of Shenzhen Finance Accounting Firm
            (深圳市融信會計師事務所) from October 1997 to October 2008. He served as a senior partner of Daxin Certified
            Public Accountants from October 2008 to October 2012. He served as an Independent Director of Bank of Chengdu
            Corporation Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Bank of Hainan.
            Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in the Maritime
            Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently an
            Independent Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He previously served as the Section Chief
            and the Department Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and
            land property company of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container
            Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary
            Committee of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings
            Ltd., the Vice Chairman of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange),
            the Vice President and General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart
            International Limited, the General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the
            Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of
            Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
            Mr. Wang Wanqing is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
            Language & Literature from Anhui University. Mr. Wang currently serves as the Business Director of the Head Office
            and the General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. He is concurrently the executive member of
            the China Institute of Internal Audit and a member of professional committee under the supervisory committee of
            China Association for Public Companies. Mr. Wang started his career in Anhui University in July 1986. He worked in
            the General Office in Anhui Province from November 1991 to February 2001. He consecutively served as the Head,
            Assistant President and Vice President of the Hefei Branch of the Company from February 2001 to April 2007. He
            served as the General Manager of the Human Resources Department at the Head Office of the Company and the
            Deputy Director of the Labour Union from April 2007 to August 2012. He served as the Business Director of the
            Head Office, the General Manager of the Human Resources Department and the Deputy Director of the Labour
            Union of the Company from September 2012 to March 2014. He has been an Employee Supervisor of the Company
            since July 2018.
            Ms. Cai Jin is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Hunan University of Finance and Economics. She is an economist. She currently serves as the Director of the Labor
            Union of the Head Office of the Company. In August 1992, she started her career in Shashi Branch of Industrial
            and Commercial Bank of China in Hubei Province. She joined the Company in May 1995. She successively served as
            the Assistant General Manager of the Human Resources Department, the Deputy General Manager of the Banking
            Department of the Head Office and the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Custody Department of the Head
            Office from April 2010 to December 2021.
            Senior management
            Mr. Tian Huiyu, please refer to Mr. Tian Huiyu’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Wang Jianzhong is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in
            Accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and is an assistant economist. Mr. Wang joined
            the Company in November 1991 and successively served as the General Manager of Changsha Branch, the Deputy
            General Manager of the Corporate Banking Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Foshan Branch,
            the General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Business Director of General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the
            Head Office and the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company since October 2002. He has served as an
            Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently a Director of China UnionPay Co., Ltd.
            and a member of Visa Asia Pacific Senior Advisory Council.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   117
Annual Report 2021


      Mr. Shi Shunhua is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained an MBA degree from China
      Europe International Business School and is a senior economist. Mr. Shi joined the Company in November 1996
      and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and the Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Branch,
      the General Manager of Suzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the Business Director of
      the General Office of Corporate Finance Group under the Head Office of the Company since May 2003. He has
      served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently the General Manager of
      Shanghai Branch of the Company and the Chairman of CMBFL and also serves as a member of the 13th Session of
      the Shanghai People’s Political Consultative Committee.
      Mr. Wang Yungui is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree from the
      Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and is a senior economist. He successively
      served as the General Manager of the Department of Education and the General Manager of the Human Resources
      Department of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China from July 2008 to December 2016, and served as the
      Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of China Development Bank from December 2016 to March 2019. He has
      served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2019.
      Mr. Li Delin is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctorate degree in Economics from
      Wuhan University, and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in October 2013 and successively served as
      the Director of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customer Department, the General Manager
      of the Strategic Customer Department and the General Manager of the Institutional Customer Department, and
      the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the General Manager of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of
      the Company. He served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company in April 2019 and has served as an
      Executive Vice President of the Company since March 2021. Concurrently, he is the Chairman of the Board of
      Supervisors of Shenzhen Public Companies Association and the Vice President of National Association of Financial
      Market Institutional Investors.
      Mr. Zhu Jiangtao is an Executive Vice President and the Chief Risk Officer of the Company. Mr. Zhu obtained
      a master’s degree in Economics and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in January 2003. He served
      as an Assistant President and Vice President of Guangzhou Branch of the Company, the President of Chongqing
      Branch, the General Manager of the Credit Risk Management Department and the General Manager of the Risk
      Management Department of the Company from December 2007 to July 2020. He has served as the Chief Risk
      Officer of the Company since July 2020 and as an Executive Vice President of the Company since September 2021.
      Mr. Xiong Kai is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company. Mr. Xiong graduated from
      Graduate School of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences with a doctorate degree in Legal Theory. He successively
      served as Senior Staff, Principal Staff and Deputy Director of the Ministry of Public Security of the PRC from 1994
      to 2006 and acted as the Deputy Director (Consultant), Director, Deputy Director-General and Director-General at
      the CPC General Office from 2006 to 2014. He joined the Company in July 2014 and successively served as the
      Director of Disciplinary Committee Office, General Manager of the Inspection and Security Department of the Head
      Office, the Director of General Office of Head Office, General Manager of the Asset Security Department and the
      President of Zhengzhou Branch and Beijing Branch. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of
      the Company since July 2021.
      Mr. Zhong Desheng is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
      the History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and is a senior
      economist. He joined the Company in July 1993 and successively served as an Assistant President and Vice President
      of Wuhan Branch, the General Manager of International Business Department and Trade Finance Department of the
      Head Office and the General Manager of Offshore Finance Center of the Head Office, the President of Guangzhou
      Branch, the President of the General Office of Corporate Finance of the Head Office and the General Manager
      of the Strategic Customers Department. He has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since
      October 2021. He concurrently serves as the General Manager of the Wealth Management Platform Department of
      the Head Office of the Company.
      Mr. Wang Xiaoqing is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a doctorate degree in Political
      Economics from Fudan University and is an economist. He worked at PICC Asset Management Company Limited
      from March 2005 to March 2020, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Risk Management
      Department, the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Portfolio Management Department, Assistant
      President and Vice President. In March 2020, he joined the Company and served as the General Manager of CMFM.
      He has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since October 2021, and concurrently serves as
      the Chairman of CMFM, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and CIGNA & CMAM.
118   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            Joint company secretaries
            Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained a MBA degree from the
            Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow
            of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
            Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
            Administrators in the United Kingdom) in the United Kingdom and is a council member, the Vice Chairlady of the
            Professional Development Committee and the Professional Services Group of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
            Institute and is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.
            Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, and her professional practice area
            covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed companies. Ms. Ho has over 20 years
            of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and is currently the company secretary or joint
            company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



      5.4.5 Evaluation and incentive system for Directors, Supervisors and senior
            management
            The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors according to the “Resolution in
            Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to
            Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting; offers
            remuneration to Executive Directors and other senior management according to the “Policies on Remunerations
            of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”; and offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors in
            accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company. All of the Directors and Supervisors
            nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the Company.
            The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management through the “Policies
            on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment Standards of
            the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to the “Measures on
            Evaluation of Performance of Directors and Supervisors of CMB”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty
            performance of the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course,
            conducting duty performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their annual duty performance records (including
            but not limited to, attendance of meetings, participation of researches, provision of recommendations and the term
            of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation Questionnaire” completed by each Director and
            Supervisor and work summaries, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general meeting and regulatory
            authorities. According to the “Policies on Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management by the Board of
            Supervisors (Trial)”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of senior management through
            monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their duty performance information
            (including but not limited to, major speeches, major meeting minutes and the evaluation of the duty performance
            of senior management by the Board of Directors) and work reports, and then reports the same to the shareholders’
            general meeting and regulatory authorities.



      5.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
            The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
            of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
            Having made specific enquiry, so far as the Company is aware, all the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had
            complied with the aforesaid Model Code during the reporting period.
            The Company has also established the guidelines for the relevant employees’ dealings in the Company’s securities,
            which are no less exacting than the Model Code.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                              119
Annual Report 2021


5.4.7 Interests and Short Positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives
      under Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
      as at the end of the reporting period, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
      executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
      corporations (as defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the
      Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
      the SFO, or which are required to be and are recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352
      of the SFO or as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
      Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:


                                                                                                              Percentage    Percentage
                                                                                                                   of the         of the
                                                                                                    No. of relevant class   total issued
                                                  Class of   Long/short                             Shares      of shares      ordinary
      Name             Position                   shares     position        Capacity             (shares)   in issue (%)    shares (%)
      Tian Huiyu       Executive Director,        A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     335,500        0.00163       0.00133
                         President and Chief
                         Executive Officer
      Zhou Song        Non-Executive Director     A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282        0.00011       0.00009
      Wang Liang       Executive Director,        A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     250,000        0.00121       0.00099
                         First Executive Vice
                         President and Chief
                         Financial Officer,
                         Secretary of
                         the Board of Directors
      Xiong Liangjun   Chairman of the            A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     240,000        0.00116       0.00095
                       Board of Supervisors,
                       Employee Supervisor
      Wang Wanqing     Employee Supervisor        A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     181,000        0.00088       0.00072
      Cai Jin          Employee Supervisor        A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     109,500        0.00053       0.00043
                                                  H Share    Long position   Beneficial owner       4,550        0.00010       0.00002




5.5 Board of Directors
      The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
      passed by the shareholders’ general meetings; formulating of the Company’s major principles and policies, including
      development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, remuneration regulations;
      deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; preparing annual financial budgets,
      final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and evaluating members of senior management. The
      Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
      Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
      on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
      would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
      The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
      establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
      efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on
      key issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced, healthy
      and sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamic and balanced
      development in “quality, efficiency and scale” through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital,
      remuneration, internal control and related party transactions, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company to
      enhance its operation and management capabilities.
120   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.5.1 Composition of the Board of Directors
            At present, the Board of Directors of the Company has sixteen members, including eight Non-Executive Directors,
            two Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the eight Non-Executive Directors
            are from large-state-owned enterprises where they hold key positions such as the Chairman of the Board of
            Directors, General Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer. They have extensive experience in
            corporate management, finance and accounting fields. The two Executive Directors have been engaged in financial
            management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-Executive
            Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, financial experts and university professors with
            international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the banking industry at home
            and abroad. One Independent Non-Executive Director from Hong Kong is proficient in international accounting
            standards and the requirements of Hong Kong capital market. The Board of Directors of the Company has one
            female Director who, together with other Directors of the Company, offers professional opinions to the Company
            in their respective fields. Such diversified composition of the Board of Directors of the Company has brought about
            a wide spectrum of vision and highly professional experience, and also has maintained strong independence which
            enables the Board of Directors to make independent judgments and scientific decisions effectively when studying
            and considering important issues.
            The Company greatly values the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and has formulated the relevant
            policies requiring that the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors shall review the structure, number
            of Directors and composition (including their skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board of Directors at least
            once a year according to the Company’s business operation, asset scale and shareholding structure, and put forward
            proposals in respect of any intended changes to the Board of Directors in line with the strategies of the Company.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report. To
            comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all
            the corporate communication documents of the Company which disclose their names.



      5.5.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
            In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
            replaced by the shareholders at the shareholders’ general meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
            be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
            obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
            a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a shareholders’ general meeting before expiry of his/
            her term.
            A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a shareholders’ general meeting before the expiry of his/
            her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim made in accordance with
            contract shall not be affected).
            The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
            Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall
            comply with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
            The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
            requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
            Nomination Committee of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
            shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for a Director and recommends suitable
            candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination proposal, the Board of Directors shall
            propose election of the related candidates at a shareholders’ general meeting and submit the relevant resolution at
            a shareholders’ general meeting for consideration and approval.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     121
Annual Report 2021


5.5.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      During the reporting period, all Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently exercised their rights
      under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory rules, devoted sufficient
      time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of the Company were fully
      compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and economic policies of the country,
      gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation and management of the Company, and
      fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative regulations, departmental regulations and
      the Articles of Association of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual
      responsibilities towards shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the
      Board of Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors was 99.73%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors, engagement of accounting
      firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company also
      gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees under the Board of Directors, and
      provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance and operation management of the
      Company, thereby providing effective guarantee on the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Company is
      of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the
      CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the requirements of the Articles of Association
      of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
      Management” for all its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors, and the annual duty performance and cross-appraisal of the Independent Non –
      Executive Directors, and reported the appraisal results to the shareholders’ general meeting.



5.5.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
      The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company has been served by different persons
      and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr.
      Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and is responsible for leading the Board of Directors,
      ensuring that all the Directors are updated regarding issues arising at board meetings, managing the operation of
      the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a constructive
      and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in time, the
      Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors duly
      receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Tian Huiyu serves as the
      President and is responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and
      business plans.
122   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.5.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board
            of Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the shareholders’ general meeting
            during the reporting period. All Directors performed due diligence in their duties, capitalised on opportunities,
            tackled challenges and used their professional specialties and extensive experience to contribute their valuable
            intelligence and strength to the operation and development of the Company. The Company has adopted the
            constructive opinions and suggestions raised by each of the Directors in aspects including strategy guideline, wealth
            management, Fintech, risk control and management, internal control and compliance, anti-money laundering,
            green finance development, inclusive finance development, related party transactions management, protection of
            consumer rights and improvement of incentive and restrictive mechanisms, and no objection has been raised by any
            of the Directors on the matters reviewed.


                                                                            Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                      Related Party
                                                                                                                                       Transactions
                                                                                                                                      Management
                                                                                                         Risk and                    and Consumer
                                                                                   Remuneration           Capital                            Rights    Shareholders’
                                         Board of        Strategy     Nomination and Appraisal Management                  Audit         Protection         General
            Directors                   Directors(1)   Committee       Committee      Committee       Committee        Committee        Committee           Meeting
                                                            Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance(2)
            Non-Executive
            Directors
            Miao Jianmin                     14/14             7/7             4/4                /              /               /                 /             1/1
            Fu Gangfeng                      14/14             7/7                /               /              /               /                 /             1/1
            Zhou Song                        14/14                /              /                /              /            7/7                  /             1/1
            Hong Xiaoyuan                    14/14                /              /             4/4            5/5               /                  /             1/1
            Zhang Jian                       14/14                /              /                /           5/5               /                 /              1/1
            Su Min                           14/14                /              /               /               /              /               3/3              1/1
            Wang Daxiong                     14/14                /              /             4/4            5/5               /                 /              1/1
            Luo Sheng                        14/14             7/7               /                /           5/5               /                 /              1/1

            Executive Directors
            Tian Huiyu                       14/14             7/7             4/4                /              /               /                /              1/1
            Wang Liang                       14/14               /               /                /           5/5                /                /              1/1
            Liu Jianjun (resigned)             4/4               /               /                /              /               /              1/1                 /

            Independent Non-
               Executive Directors
            Wong See Hong                    14/14                /            4/4                /              /            7/7               3/3              1/1
            Li Menggang                      14/14                /            4/4             4/4               /            7/7                  /             1/1
            Liu Qiao                         14/14                /            4/4             4/4            5/5                /                 /             1/1
            Tian Hongqi                      14/14                /              /                /             /             7/7               3/3              1/1
            Li Chaoxian                        4/4                /              /             3/3              /                /              1/1                 /
            Shi Yongdong                       4/4                /               /               /              /            1/1                  /                /
            Leung Kam Chung,
               Antony (resigned)              9/10                /               /            1/1               /               /                 /             1/1
            Zhao Jun (resigned)              10/10                /               /              /               /            6/6               2/2              1/1

            Notes:

            (1)         During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 14 meetings, and the special committees under
                        the Board of Directors held a total of 30 meetings.

            (2)         During the reporting period, Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony attended 9 meetings of the Board of Directors, 1 meeting of the special
                        committees under the Board of Directors and 1 shareholders’ general meeting in person, and attended 1 meeting of the Board of
                        Directors by proxy. Other than above-mentioned, the remaining directors attended the relevant meetings set forth in the above table
                        in person.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     123
Annual Report 2021


5.5.6 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances set out in Rule 3.13
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company has received
      from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence which was
      made in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion
      that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the requirement of independence set out
      in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through personal attendance
      at the meetings, on-site visits, research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles
      as Independent Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and
      its various special committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests
      and requests of minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the
      meetings convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at
      relevant meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors,
      engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the resolutions of the
      Board of Directors and others of the Company in the year.
      According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in
      2021, believing that such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the
      progress of significant matters in 2021. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results
      achieved in 2021. They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the
      certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major matters and formed their written opinions;
      they reviewed the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters
      on the agenda and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected
      transactions of the Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


5.5.7 Corporate governance functions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
      1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
             amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
      2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
             management;
      3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
             requirements;
      4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
             Directors and employees of the Company;
      5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
             Report of Corporate Governance; and
      6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
             Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
             the Company are effective.


5.5.8 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for the financial
      statements
      the senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
      information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
      submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
      financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 to present a true view of the operating results of the
      Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
      might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.
124   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.5.9 Special committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy Committee, the
            Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and Capital Management Committee,
            the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2021, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company gave full play to their professional
            advantages and earnestly performed various duties, actively offering advices to the Board of Directors on strategic
            guidance, Fintech, risk management, internal control and compliance, inclusive finance, green finance, related
            party transactions management, consumer rights protection, incentive and restrictive mechanisms and construction
            of the Board of Directors. During the year, these committees held a total of 30 meetings to study and review 139
            significant issues, and reported their review opinions and advices to the Board of Directors by submitting meeting
            minutes and holding on-site meetings, hence fully playing its role in assisting the Board of Directors to make
            scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company as well as
            their work in 2021 are summarised as follows.
            Strategy Committee
            The members of the Strategy Committee are Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Fu Gangfeng, Luo Sheng, all being
            Non-Executive Directors, and Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Strategy Committee is mainly responsible for
            formulating the operation and management goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the
            Company, as well as supervising and examining the implementation of its annual operation plan and investment
            plan.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, and
                   make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the Board of
                   Directors;
            6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2021, the Strategy Committee of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held the 6th
            meeting (on 25 February), the 7th meeting (on 2 April), the 8th meeting (on 8 May), the 9th meeting (on 24
            June), the 10th meeting (on 5 August), the 11th meeting (on 6 August) and the 12th meeting (on 14 December),
            focusing on reviewing the Company’s “14th Five-Year” strategic plan, the development guideline for the five years
            of extensive wealth management, the development guideline for the five years of the Fintech, the development of
            inclusive finance and annual working programs, the management of human resources and the implementation of the
            talent strategy, the use of the Fintech Innovation Project Fund, the introduction of strategic investors by CMB Wealth
            Management, the annual financial budget and final accounts report, the annual profit appropriation plan, the
            implementation of the business plan, the authorisation and issuance of financial bonds and certificates of deposit,
            the redemption of capital bonds and other proposals. Therefore, the Bank further clarified the strategic direction
            and strategic focus, promoted the accelerated development of the business model of extensive wealth management,
            the operation model of Fintech and the organisational model featuring openness and integration, made every effort
            to build a cyclic extensive wealth management value chain and the best value creation bank, incorporated green
            finance development responsibility in the function of Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors, and proposed
            to change the name of the “Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors” to the “Strategy and Sustainable
            Development Committee of the Board of Directors”, so as to coordinate and perform ESG-related responsibilities,
            strictly implement the guiding spirit of the Party Central Committee, the State Council and regulatory authorities on
            green finance and promote the improvement of top-level governance structure of ESG.
            Nomination Committee
            The majority of members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
            was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Nomination Committee include Wong
            See Hong (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a
            Non-Executive Director) and Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible
            for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the Directors and senior management, conducting
            preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the Directors and senior management and making
            proposals to the Board of Directors.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
                   and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
                   Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
                   scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                       125
Annual Report 2021


      2.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      3.     Conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for directors and senior management;
      4.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
      5.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2021, the Nomination Committee of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held the 5th
      meeting (on 23 February), the 6th meeting (on 14 May), the 7th meeting (on 2 August) and the 8th meeting (on 18
      August), successively reviewed and approved the proposal on nominating Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi Yongdong as
      Independent Directors, the proposal on nominating Mr. Li Delin as an Executive Director, the proposal on appointing
      Mr. Wang Liang as the First Executive Vice President and the proposal on appointing Mr. Zhu Jiangtao as a Vice
      President. It also regularly reviewed the member composition and structure of the Board of Directors and Special
      Committees to ensure compliance with various regulatory requirements.
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors,
      and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Remuneration
      and Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Liu Qiao, Li Chaoxian (all being Independent
      Non-Executive Directors), Hong Xiaoyuan and Wang Daxiong (both being Non-Executive Directors). The Remuneration
      and Appraisal Committee is responsible mainly for reviewing the remuneration management system and policies of
      the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the Directors and senior management, making proposals
      to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of such proposals.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
             forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
      2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior management
             of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
             proposals;
      3.     Review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank; and
      4.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2021, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the
      Company held the 8th meeting (on 14 July), the 9th meeting (on 29 September), the 10th meeting (on 9 October)
      and the 11th meeting (on 30 December). In order to continuously guide the cadres and employees of the Company
      to follow the strategic principle of “adhering to long-term strategies and tapping existing advantages”, thoroughly
      implement the mid – and long-term strategic goals set by the Board of Directors and promote the sustainable
      and healthy development of the Company, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee successively reviewed and
      approved the staff costs of CMB and other proposals, continuously enriched the connotation of the incentive and
      restrictive mechanism, studied and improved the incentive scheme and promoted the implementation thereof; the
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and approved the proposal on determination of remuneration
      for newly appointed senior management members in 2021, and steadily promoted the orderly implementation
      of remuneration management matters; pursuant to the provisions of the H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme,
      the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee conducted validity appraisal and price adjustment in respect of the
      appreciation rights granted, which ensured the continuous implementation of the medium-to-long term incentive
      mechanism of the Company.
      Risk and Capital Management Committee
      The members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are Hong Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Zhang Jian, Wang
      Daxiong, Luo Sheng (all being Non-Executive Directors), Wang Liang (an Executive Director) and Liu Qiao, Li
      Chaoxian and Shi Yongdong (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors). The Risk and Capital Management
      Committee is mainly responsible for supervising the status of risk management by the senior management of the
      Company in relation to various major risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding ability
      and capital management status of the Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks
      and capital of the Company.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and
             other risks;
      2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
             of the Bank;
      3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
             the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
      4.     Submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company;
126   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
                   and
            6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2021,the Risk and Capital Management Committee of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the
            Company held the 13th meeting (on 12 March), the 14th meeting (on 15 March) and the 15th meeting (on 8
            June), the 16th meeting (on 3 August) and the 17th meeting (on 11 November). The Risk and Capital Management
            Committee continued to implement the Board of Director’s strategic principles of “quality first, efficiency in priority,
            risk controllable, and moderate scale”, adhered to the long-term and prudent risk management philosophy, and
            always maintained a strategic focus on risk management. It assisted the Board of Directors in strengthening the
            management of major asset allocation, green finance, impact of pandemic, capital management, comprehensive risk
            management under the extensive wealth management business model and other areas and actively implemented
            the Board of Directors’ target requirements of “outrunning the market and outperforming the peers”. The Risk and
            Capital Management Committee adhered to the quarterly meeting mechanism, assisted the Board of Directors to
            continuously strengthen the comprehensive risk management function, pointed out that under the business model of
            extensive wealth management, risk management shall be viewed from the perspective of the Bank Group, with the
            concept of “large assets, large liabilities, large off-balance sheet, and large revenue”, formulated the “Guideline for
            the Five-Year Plan of China Merchants Bank in Risk Management Capacity Building (2021-2025)” (         《招商銀行風險管
            理能力建設五年規劃綱要(2021-2025)》                  ), revised the risk appetite of the Bank Group in a timely manner in accordance
            with the transformation of China’s economic growth drivers and the strategic vision and strategic positioning
            of China Merchants Bank; paid close attention to the impact of real estate market fluctuations, the COVID-19
            epidemic, and the “3060” dual carbon objectives on asset quality, stress testing and major asset allocation, and
            emphasised maintenance of strategic focus under the new situation; kept a watchful eye on the impact brought by
            Sino-US relationship to the operation and development of the Company in all aspects, and performed regular review
            on the working report on compliance of institutions in the United States; reviewed and heard the interim planning
            for capital management, internal capital adequacy assessment, risk appetite implementation, consolidated statement
            management and other reports, earnestly pursued the sound and prudent risk management culture and assisted the
            Board of Directors in further enhancing its risk management capabilities.
            Audit Committee
            The majority of members of the Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
            was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi
            (Chairman), Wong See Hong, Li Menggang, Shi Yongdong (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Zhou
            Song (a Non-Executive Director). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors
            of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting policies and financial
            position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company, proposing the appointment
            or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and internal control of the
            Company.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
            2.     Monitor the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures
                   and work effectiveness of the internal audit department;
            3.     Coordinate the communication between internal auditors and external auditors;
            4.     Audit the financial information of the Company and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for
                   the annual audit work of the Company, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy,
                   completeness and timeliness of the information contained in the audited financial statements, and submit the
                   same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
            5.     Examine the internal control system of the Company, and put forward the advices to improve the internal
                   control of the Company;
            6.     Review and supervise the mechanism for the Company’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct in
                   respect of financial statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always
                   handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
            7.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Company; and
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     127
Annual Report 2021


      In 2021, the Audit Committee of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held the 10th
      meeting (on 11 March), the 11th meeting (on 16 March), the 12th meeting (on 2 April), the 13th meeting (on 22
      April), the 14th meeting (on 12 May), the 15th meeting (on 11 August) and the 16th meeting (on 20 October).
      Based on the quarterly regular meeting system, the Audit Committee mainly reviewed the regular reports and internal
      and external audit reports, and reviewed and approved the annual report, interim report and quarterly report,
      supervised and verified the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of information set out in the financial statements,
      reviewed and approved the annual, interim and quarterly internal audit plans and work reports, proposals for
      engaging accounting firms and changes to accounting estimates, and listened to external auditors’ audit plans,
      audit results, management suggestions and other reports. The Company obtained the findings of internal audits in
      a timely manner and strengthened bank-wide self-examination and the rectification of and the accountability for
      the problems concerned by relevant regulators, promoted an effective communication mechanism between internal
      and external audits by constantly enhancing the communication with internal and external auditors, attached great
      importance to the construction of a digital, intelligent and remote auditing system, carried out special research on
      the auditing work to grasp a comprehensive understanding of the application of the audit model across the whole
      bank and continued to push forward the improvement of auditing techniques. The Audit Committee gave full play
      to its important role in monitoring operation management, disclosing risks and issues and improving management
      levels, and effectively discharged relevant functions.
      According to “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee of the Board of Directors”(《董事會審計
      委員會年報工作規程》          ) adopted by the Company, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
      performed the following duties in preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2021:
      1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2021 and the unaudited
             financial statements of the Company;
      2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge
             of annual audit, the Audit Committee reviewed the report on the operation of the Company for 2021,
             exchanged opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit,
             reviewed the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues;
      3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed and
             prepared a resolution on the Company’s Annual Report for 2021 which was submitted to the Board of
             Directors for consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the
             Board of Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the
             audit work of the Company in 2021.
      Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.
      The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are Li
      Chaoxian (Chairman), Wong See Hong and Tian Hongqi (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Su Min
      (a Non-Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party transactions of the Company and
      protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Identify related parties of the Company pursuant to relevant laws and regulations;
      2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions,
             and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
      3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
             establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Company;
      4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
      5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
      6.     Regularly listen to the report on the implementation of the consumer rights protection work of the Company
             and the relevant resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors in respect of the relevant
             work;
      7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
             work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
             and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work; and
      8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
128   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            In 2021, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Eleventh
            Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held the 7th meeting (on 4 March), the 8th meeting (on 2 June)
            and the 9th meeting (on 14 October), reviewed the fairness of the related party transactions, assisted the Board of
            Directors to ensure the legitimacy and compliance of related party transactions, carried out relevant responsibilities
            of consumer right protection in accordance with the regulatory requirements, reviewed and approved various
            resolutions on, among others, the 2020 Annual Related Party Transaction Report and the List of Related Parties in
            2021, reviewed and approved the related party transactions of the Company with China Merchants Group Ltd. and
            its subsidiaries, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries, CMB Financial Leasing, Merchants
            Union Consumer Finance, CSC Financial Co., Ltd., Gemdale Corporation and other related parties, reviewed and
            approved the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2020” and the “Bank-wide Customer Complaint
            Analysis Report for 2020” and other matters, and the Committee reviewed the regulatory policy documents on
            consumer rights protection in recent years and the main consumer rights protection system of the Company.



      5.6 Board of Supervisors
            The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general
            meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
            legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
            management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
            creditors and other stakeholders.



      5.6.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
            As of the end of reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members, including
            three Shareholder Supervisors, three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion of
            Employee Supervisors and External Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the regulatory
            requirements. The three Shareholder Supervisors are from large – state-owned enterprises where they serve
            important posts and have extensive experiences in business management and professional knowledge in finance and
            accounting; the three Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management, and thus
            accumulated rich professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional expertise
            and rich practical experience in economic management and research, accounting, corporate governance and other
            areas. Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence
            required for their performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
            A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.



      5.6.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
            The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
            Supervisors and its special committees, attending shareholders’ general meetings, board meetings and its special
            committee meetings, attending various meetings on operation and management held by the senior management;
            reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the senior
            management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
            domestic and overseas branches of the Company on a collective or separate basis and having talks with Directors
            and the senior management over their duty performance in the year, communicating with external auditors
            regularly, etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors comprehensively monitors the development strategy, operation
            and management status, risk management status and internal control and compliance status of the Company as well
            as duty performance of the Directors and the senior management, and puts forward the constructive and targeted
            operation and management advice and supervision opinions.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    129
Annual Report 2021


5.6.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of fourteen meetings, of which four were
      on-site meetings and ten were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions. 36 proposals regarding
      development strategies, business operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, internal audit,
      related party transactions, corporate governance, data governance, social responsibilities, anti-money laundering
      work, evaluation of the duty performance of Directors, Supervisors and senior management and audit on the
      resignation of senior management were considered, and 26 special reports involving implementation of risk appetite,
      disposal of non-performing assets, capital adequacy ratio, consolidated management, prevention and control of
      crimes, green finance, consumer rights protection were delivered or reviewed at those meetings.
      In 2021, the Company convened 1 shareholders’ general meeting and 6 on-site board meetings. Supervisors
      attended the shareholders’ general meeting and were present at all the on-site board meetings and supervised
      the legitimacy and compliance of convening the shareholders’ general meeting and the board meetings, voting
      procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, expression of opinions and voting details.
      During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
      independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending meetings of the Board
      of Supervisors, convening special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in shareholders’
      general meeting and meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its special committees, participating in the Board
      of Supervisors’ investigations and surveys conducted at branch level on a collective or separate basis, proactively
      familiarising themselves with the operation and management and the implementation of strategies of the Company,
      and actively participating in studies and reviews on significant matters. During the adjournment of the meetings
      of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors reviewed various documents and
      reports of the Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and senior management in respect of
      the problems concerned in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in enabling the Board of Supervisors to
      perform their supervisory duties.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
      matters.



5.6.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
      The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, each
      consisting of four Supervisors, and those committees were chaired by an External Supervisor.
      The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      The members of the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors included Ding Huiping (Chairman), Peng
      Bihong, Guo Xikun and Cai Jin. The major duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to make proposals
      to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of the Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and
      procedures for the election of Supervisors and propose the same to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive
      searches for qualified candidates for Supervisors; to undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications of the
      candidates for Supervisors nominated by Shareholders and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the
      procedures for election of Directors; to evaluate the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and senior management
      and the duty performance of their members, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors; to supervise whether
      the remuneration management system and policies of the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior
      management are scientific and reasonable.
      In 2021, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held three meetings at which it reviewed and
      considered the report of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance of the Board of Directors, the Board of
      Supervisors and the senior management and their members in 2020, reviewed the qualification of Mr. Guo Xikun to
      serve as a Shareholder Supervisor, and formulated the “Measures for the Performance Evaluation of Directors and
      Supervisors of CMB” (《招商銀行董事監事履職評價辦法》                 ).
130   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
            The members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors included Han Zirong (Chairman), Wu
            Heng, Xu Zhengjun and Wang Wanqing. The major duties of the Supervisory Committee are to formulate the
            supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by the Board of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory
            plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct relevant examinations; to supervise the adoption by the
            Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value standards and its formulation of suitable development
            strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company; to conduct supervision and assessment on the
            important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior management and their implementations,
            the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance structure and the overall risk management
            governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and their duty performance; to formulate the
            specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and risk management of the Company under
            the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate the plans for conducting resignation
            audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
            In 2021, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of five meetings at which
            it reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2021 and the audit on the resignation
            of senior management and other issues. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of
            Supervisors were also present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital Management Committee
            and Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration and discussion of the
            above special committee on the financial decisions, risk management, capital management, internal control
            compliance, internal and external audit and other aspects of the Company, and offered comments and suggestions
            on some of the issues.



      5.6.5 Independent opinions from the Board of Supervisors
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the
            financial activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board
            of Directors and the senior management of the Company pursuant to the “Company Law of the People’s Republic
            of China”, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
            authorities.
            Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors:
            Lawful Operation
            During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the “Company Law of the
            People’s Republic of China”, the “Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the Articles of
            Association of the Company, the internal control system was improved, and the decision-making procedures were
            lawful and valid. None of the Directors and senior management of the Company were found to have violated the
            relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of Association of the Company or had done anything detrimental to the
            interests of the Company and shareholders.
            Authenticity of Financial Statements
            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu separately reviewed the
            2021 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
            International Accounting Standards and have separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
            The financial reports truthfully, objectively and accurately reflect the financial status and operating results of the
            Company.
            Use of Proceeds
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.
            Purchase and Disposal of Assets
            During the reporting period, the Company is unaware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets
            which would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.
            Related Party Transactions
            In terms of the related party transactions during the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of
            any conduct in contravention of the arm’s length basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and its
            shareholders.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                      131
Annual Report 2021


      Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
      The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
      the shareholders’ general meeting in 2021, supervised the implementation of the resolutions of the shareholder’s
      general meeting(s), and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant resolutions passed at
      the shareholders’ general meeting(s).
      Internal Control
      The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank
      Co., Ltd. for 2021”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
      reasonableness and effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.



5.7 Investigations/Surveys and Trainings Conducted by Directors and
    Supervisors during the Reporting Period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company organised four
      investigations/surveys, through which the duty performance, decision-making ability and effectiveness of supervision
      of our Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised two investigations/surveys/visits
      for the Directors, which involved visits to some tier-1 and tier-2 branches to have deep understanding of the
      operation and management of its branches and sub-branches, reviewed the report of the branches on operation and
      management, strategic transformation, risk management and control, internal control management and consumer
      rights protection and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions. The Bank conducted a special investigation on
      the application of the audit model in the whole bank, listened to the branch’s proactive discovery and rectification
      of problems with the help of the audit model and the remote support of auditors, and put forward targeted
      opinions and suggestions. In addition, the Non-Executive Directors of the Company reviewed the “Report on the
      Work Progress of Digital RMB Project of China Merchants Bank” (   《關於招商銀行數字人民幣項目工作進展的報告》                          ) to
      obtain an in-depth understanding of the progress of the Company’s digital RMB project, guide the Company to give
      full play to its leading advantages in Fintech and strive to become a leading digital RMB operator in the market.
      During the reporting period, the Directors of the Company participated in relevant trainings or researches according
      to the requirements on duty performance, the contents of which include corporate governance, policies and
      regulations, banking operation and management and compliance in anti-money laundering and sanctions and green
      finance. The above researches and trainings helped improve the duty performance of the Directors, ensured that the
      Directors were fully aware of the information required for duty performance, and continued to make contributions
      to the Board of Directors of the Company.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company dynamically adjusted the research
      arrangement according to the overall situation of the domestic pandemic, overcame the uncertain impact of the
      pandemic on investigation and survey plans and conducted two domestic collective investigations, involving five
      branches and sub-branches. The investigations and surveys adhered to pragmatic and efficient practice, and base on
      the full understanding of the overall operation, risk management and asset quality, internal control and compliance,
      performance rating and other information of each branch, we directly faced the difficulties and problems confronted
      by the branches, focused on the nature and crux of the problems, actively responded to the demands of branches
      and put forward suggestions to solve problems, and put forward specific supervisory opinions and suggestions in
      terms of strengthening Party building to promote business development, strategic implementation and transmission
      by the Head Office, promoting the integration and linkage of regional operations, consolidating the long-term
      mechanism of basic management and deepening team building and employee care. Through the “Work Summary of
      the Board of Supervisors (
                               《監事會工作要情》           )”, the Board of Supervisors conveyed the actual status of the branches
      and their appeals and suggestions to the Head Office to the Board of Directors and senior management, and
      continue to promote the implementation and resolution of problems by way of supervision.
      During the reporting period, all Supervisors of the Company participated in online training of “Anti-Money
      Laundering and Sanction Compliance” in accordance with regulatory requirements, systematically studied the
      construction of anti-sanction law system, the amendments to “Anti-money Laundering Law”, the case studies of
      telecom and online anti-fraud and compliance to international sanctions, promoted the Board of Supervisors to grasp
      the new policies and situation in anti-money laundering and sanction compliance, and further improved the ability
      of the Board of Supervisors to perform duties in anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing. By participating
      in the online training course for directors, supervisors and senior management of listed companies held by the CSRC,
      Shenzhen Branch, some supervisors systematically learned about the regulatory status of listed companies, laws and
      regulations and interpretation of the latest policies, corporate governance and the responsibilities and obligations of
      directors, supervisors and senior management, financial issues and cases of violations of laws and regulations, thus
      improving the Supervisors’ daily supervisory capability on the Company in a targeted manner.
132   China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021



      5.8 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
            During the reporting period, Mr. Wang Liang and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external
            services provider, are the joint company secretaries of the Company under Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Wang Liang
            is the major contact person of the Company on internal issues.
            During the reporting period, Mr. Wang Liang and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
            trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of Hong Kong Listing Rules.



      5.9 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association of the
          Company
            During the reporting period, the Company did not amend the Articles of Association of the Company.



      5.10 Communication with Shareholders
            Investor relations
            The Company has established an effective communication mechanism with investors. Through the Company’s
            official website, investors’ mailbox, hotline and “SSE E-interaction” platform, the Company provided communication
            channels for investors in the form of shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, road shows, investor research,
            securities analyst research, etc., which fully satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts at home and abroad to
            communicate with the Company.
            In 2021, the Company remained focus on investors, actively responded to the impact of the pandemic and continued
            to strengthen its communication with the capital market through webcasts, conference calls and other methods.
            Meanwhile, based on its thoughts about the historical phase, strategic choices and impact of the pandemic, the
            Company comprehensively and thoroughly introduced its stable fundamentals as well as the logic and strategy
            behind its differentiated development to various domestic and foreign investors and analysts, and also responded in
            a timely and efficient manner to the Company’s business model for development stage 3.0, cyclic extensive wealth
            management value chain, risks in the real estate sector, the impact and effects of the pandemic and Fintech. As
            at the end of the reporting period, the valuation of the Company’s A+H Shares remained at the forefront in the
            domestic banking industry.
            During the reporting period, the Company held one annual general meeting in the form of on-site + webcast,
            the whole process of which was webcast through the CMB APP for the first time; held one annual results press
            conference through webcast, and broadcast it in real time through the Shanghai Stock Exchange Roadshow Center
            and the Wind 3C conference platform for the first time; held one interim results exchange meeting and two
            quarterly results exchange meetings; approximately 6,000 investors, analysts and media reporters participated in the
            annual results press conference, representing a record high in the number of participants, and the market response
            was positive. The Company released the records of investor exchanges on its official website in a timely manner after
            the annual results press conference, interim and quarterly results exchange meetings and annual general meeting,
            and actively responded to market concerns, which helped to provide the capital market with more comprehensive
            and true information of China Merchants Bank.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                        133
Annual Report 2021


      The Company attached great importance to the management of investor relations. Chairman Miao Jianmin and
      President Tian Huiyu attended the 2020 annual general meeting and the 2020 annual results press conference,
      elaborated on building cyclic extensive wealth management value chain and promoted the transformation of the
      business model 3.0, respectively, and they gave detailed answers to other market and media concerns. Following
      the release of 2020 annual results, President Tian Huiyu and other senior management formed three teams to
      conduct road-shows, conducted sincere and full communication with nearly 200 institutional investors of A Shares
      and H Shares of the Company, objectively analysed the internal and external opportunities and challenges faced by
      the Company and unique differentiated competitive advantages, and fully expressed our determination to maintain
      long-term strategic focus. Given the increased instability in market sentiment since the pandemic outbreak, investors
      and senior management of the Company have a stronger need for communication. First Executive Vice President
      Wang Liang led the team to participate in the 2021 interim results exchange meeting, where he introduced the
      connotation of the business model 3.0 to more than 500 investors and analysts who attended the meeting, and
      conducted full and effective communication on other market concerns. At the 2021 first quarterly results exchange
      meeting and the third quarterly results exchange meeting, Vice President Liu Jianjun (resigned) and Vice President
      Zhu Jiangtao led respective teams to interact and communicate with the investors of A Shares and H Shares of
      the Company and analysts on the quarterly results, and actively responded to the capital market’s concerns on the
      impact of the common prosperity policy on the extensive wealth management business, risk management in the real
      estate sector, and increase in assets under management (AUM) from retail customers and other issues.
      In 2021, the Company participated in several investment strategy meetings held by a total of 52 domestic and
      foreign investment banks and securities companies. Through over 100 discussions in “one-to-one” or “one-to-many”
      meetings, the Company has met with more than 1,000 domestic and foreign institutional investors, representing
      a further year-on-year increase in the number of investors met. The Company participated in the online collective
      reception day for investors of listed companies in Shenzhen held by Shenzhen Public Companies Association and
      p5w.net (全景網) for the first time, which further stabilised the core institutional investors’ shareholding in the
      Company and enhanced their confidence in the Company’s long-term strategy and stable operation. We also
      answered hundreds of phone calls from our investors and processed hundreds of messages from our investors on
      the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, and “SSE E-interaction”.
      The Company has recorded the above-mentioned investor reception and communication activities in accordance
      with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept the relevant documents.



      Information disclosure
      The information disclosure of the Company is based on its sound corporate governance, leveraged on its
      effective internal control and supported by its relatively complete information disclosure system, and thus can
      ensure investors’ access to information in a timely, accurate and equal manner. The Board of Directors and the
      senior management of the Company attached great importance to information disclosure, and are committed to
      continuously improving the timeliness, effectiveness and transparency of information disclosure by focusing on
      the investors. Since the Shanghai Stock Exchange launched the annual appraisal of information disclosure of listed
      companies, as of the end of 2021, the Company has received the highest grade of “A” for eight consecutive years.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed a total of 283 documents with approximately 1.97 million
      words on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. No information disclosure errors
      have occurred. Meanwhile, in terms of the timeliness, effectiveness and transparency of information disclosure,
      the Company further improved the timeliness of the disclosure of regular reports and performance bulletins.
      The Company led investors to further understand the Company’s strategic plans and objectives by strengthening
      strategic publicity in regular reports, continued to optimise the disclosure of issues that investors focus on, continued
      to deepen the analysis of hot market issues in the form of special topics, comprehensively revised the disclosure
      structure of quarterly reports, enriched the disclosure content, and shortened the frequency of disclosure of key
      information that investors pay attention to from semi-annually to quarterly. By proactively disclosing information
      that is crucial for investors’ decision-making, the Company has continuously improved the timeliness and quality
      of information disclosure, thus effectively protecting investors’ right to information. In addition, the Company kept
      pace with the times and further innovated the visual disclosure form of the annual report. During the reporting
      period, the Company released a visual annual report “Chasing the Light” in the form of short video for the first
      time, focusing on the operational highlights and the effectiveness of the strategy implementation throughout the
      year, thus helping to improve the reading experience of investors and continuously practising the “investor-centered”
      service philosophy.
134   China Merchants Bank       Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


            The Company has established a relatively comprehensive and complete information disclosure management system.
            During the reporting period, the Company revised the “Working System for Secretary of the Board of Directors” (
                                                                                                                          《董
            事會秘書工作制度》           ) to further consolidate the basic management of information disclosure through internalisation
            of external regulations. The Company proactively carried out daily management, strengthened compliance education,
            implemented the registration system of insiders in strict compliance with regulatory requirements and effectively
            prevented inside information leakage and insider trading risks. The Company updated and improved the scope
            and quantitative standards for reporting major and sensitive information in a timely manner in accordance with
            the regulatory requirements, and enhanced the compliance awareness of the entities responsible for information
            disclosure across the Bank by sending regular reminders.



      5.11 Shareholders’ Rights
            Convening of extraordinary shareholders’ general meetings
            An extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors within two months
            upon request in writing by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting
            shares.



            Making proposals at the shareholders’ general meetings
            If the Company convenes a shareholders’ general meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
            3% of the total issued voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company 15
            working days before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and submit the same to the convenor. The
            convenor shall issue a supplemental notice to the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the
            interim proposals within two working days after receiving the proposals.



            Convening of extraordinary board meeting
            An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of
            the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within 10 days upon receiving such
            proposal requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of the voting rights .



            Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
            Shareholders are entitled to review the information on the Company (including the Articles of Association of the
            Company, the status of share capital, the minutes of the shareholders’ general meeting, resolutions of board
            meetings, resolutions of meetings of the Board of Supervisors, financial and accounting reports) in accordance with
            the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying
            the class and quantity of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, the identity of whom has been verified by
            the Company.



            Cash dividend policies
            The Company has formulated its cash dividend policies. For details, please refer to “The formulation and
            implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies” below.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                             135
Annual Report 2021



5.12 Profit Appropriation
5.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2021
      Ten percent of the audited net profit of the Company for 2021 of RMB109.794 billion, equivalent to RMB10.979
      billion, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the amount of the increased balance of the
      Company’s assets that bearing risks and losses at the end of the period, equivalent to RMB11.874 billion, was
      appropriated to the general reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date
      for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash dividend of RMB1.522 (tax
      included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register, denominated
      and declared in Renminbi, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H
      Shares. The actual appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark
      rate to be released by the People’s Bank of China for the previous week (including the day of the shareholders’
      general meeting) before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The retained profits will be carried forward
      to the next year. In 2021, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The above profit
      appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
      For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
      the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2021 Annual General
      Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2021, the Company will make further
      announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
      Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2022.



5.12.2 Profit appropriation for the last three years
                                                                                                                   Net profit       Proportion of
                                                                                                                 attributable       cash dividend
                                                                   Number of                                       to holders        to net profit
                                                                         shares                                   of ordinary         attributable
                                                                     issued on                                  shares in the           to holders
                                                                 capitalisation             Total cash          consolidated           of ordinary
                       Number of           Cash dividend             of surplus              dividends               financial       shares in the
                     bonus shares               for every          reserve for            (inclusive of           statements         consolidated
                   for every share             share held          every share                   tax, in         for the year             financial
                              held           (inclusive of                 held                millions       (in millions of          statements
      Year         (No. of shares)          tax, in RMB)        (No. of shares)                of RMB)                  RMB)                   (%)
      2019                            –                1.20                        –             30,264                91,197                      33.19
      2020                            –               1.253                        –             31,601                95,691                      33.02
      2021(note)                      –               1.522                        –             38,385               116,309                      33.00

      Note:   The profit appropriation plan for 2021 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
136   China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


      5.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
            1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
                   of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
                   (1)       Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of the investors,
                             and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability.
                   (2)       The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                             it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                             and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                             the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                             investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                             Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                             net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                             PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                             resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorised
                             by the shareholders at a shareholders’ general meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation
                             plan.
                   (3)       If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did
                             not make any cash profit appropriation proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the
                             Company shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in
                             the periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard.
                   (4)       If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match
                             the size of share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the
                             Board of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement
                             the same upon consideration and approval at a shareholders’ general meeting, provided that the
                             abovementioned cash profit appropriation requirements are satisfied.
                   (5)       The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                             domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                             pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                             declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong Dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                             for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                             be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State.
                   (6)       Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                             has been identified, the Company shall make deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to such
                             shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated.
                   (7)       The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                             relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
            2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2020 was implemented in
                   strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
                   Ltd.. It was considered and approved by the 22nd meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors
                   of the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2020 Annual General Meeting. The
                   criteria and proportion of cash dividend were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
                   has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2021
                   will also be implemented in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of
                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. It will be considered and approved by the 37th meeting of the Eleventh
                   Session of the Board of Directors of the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2021
                   Annual General Meeting of the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have expressed their
                   independent opinions on the profit appropriation plans for 2020 and 2021 that the profit appropriation plans
                   of the Company and their implementation process have provided adequate protection for the legitimate
                   rights and interests of minority investors.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                              137
Annual Report 2021



5.13 Information on Employees
      As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 103,669 employees27 (including dispatched employees).
      The classification of the Group’s employees by profession is: 18,058 employees in corporate finance, 45,041
      employees in retail finance, 6,386 employees in risk management, 14,597 employees in operation management,
      10,043 employees in research and development, 1,212 employees in administrative and logistical support, and 8,332
      employees in general management.
      The classification of the Group’s employees by educational background is: 23,737 employees with master’s degrees
      and above, 65,741 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 14,191 employees with junior college degrees or below.
      The distribution of the Group’s employees by regions is: 25,495 employees in the Yangtze River Delta, 12,618
      employees in the Bohai Rim, 32,216 employees in the Pearl River Delta and West Side of Taiwan Strait, 5,176
      employees in the North-eastern China, 11,616 employees in the Central China, 13,366 employees in the Western
      China, and 3,182 employees outside Mainland China.
      The classification of the Group’s employees in research and development by educational background is: 4,701
      employees with master’s degrees and above, 5,214 employees with bachelor’s degrees, and 128 employees with
      junior college degrees or below. The range of the employees by age is: 5,967 employees aged 30 and below, 3,304
      employees aged 30-40 (excluding 30 years old, including 40 years old), 658 employees aged 40-50 (excluding 40
      years old, including 50 years old) and 114 employees aged 50-60 (excluding 50 years old, including 60 years old).



      Staff remuneration policy and training
      The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its operation targets, cultural and value concepts. It aims to refine
      and improve its incentive and restrictive mechanisms, realise its corporate strategies, enhance its organisational
      performance and minimise its operating risk. The remuneration policy adheres to the remuneration management
      principles featuring “strategic orientation, performance enhancement, risk control, internal fairness and market
      adaptation” and reflects the remuneration concept of “fixing remuneration based on positions and workload”.
      In order to improve the remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanism and mitigate various operating and
      management risks, the Company has established a mechanism related to remuneration deferred payment and
      performance-based remuneration recovery in accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management
      needs.
      The Company has established a categorised, professional and digital talent training system, and adopts a diversified
      training method that combines online and offline training. The contents of training mainly focus on knowledge of its
      business and products, professional ethics and security, cultural values and leadership. During the reporting period,
      the completion rate of the Company’s training and education programs was over 100%.
      For details of the Company’s human resources development, please refer to section 4.3.6 “Human Resources
      Development” in this report.




27
      Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Group, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital and its subsidiaries, CMB
      Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, CIGNA & CMAM, Merchants Union Consumer,
      CMB Network Technology and CMB YunChuang.
138   China Merchants Bank                                                                  Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021



      5.14 Organisational Structure of the Company
                                                                                                    Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                                                     Office of Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                                       Consumer Rights Protection Center
                                                                                                             General Office
                                                                                                                                                          (Customer Service Center)#

                                                                                                     Human Resources Department


                                                                                                              Fintech Office


                                                                                             Assets and Liabilities Management Department            Investment Management Department#


                                                                                                   Financial Accounting Department



                                                                                                             Strategic Customers Department




                                                      General Office of Corporate Finance
                                                                                                            Institutional Customers Department           Pension Finance Department#


                                                                                                             Financial Institutions Department


                                                                                                          Small Enterprises Finance Department




                              Head Office
                                                                                                             Transaction Banking Department


                                                                                                           Cross-border Financing Department                Offshore Finance Center#




       China Merchants Bank
                                             General Office of Investment
                                                                                                             Investment Banking Department


                                                                                                               Financial Market Department




                              Branches
                                                                                                             Asset Management Department




                                             Banking and Financial Markets
                                                                                                                Asset Custody Department


                                                                                                                Bills Business Department*


                                                                                                                Bill Brokerage Department*




                              Sub-branches
                                                                                                                                                       Network Operation Service Center#




                                                      General Office of Retail Finance
                                                                                                        Wealth Management Platform Department         Retail Strategic Alliance Department#


                                                                                                               Private Banking Department

                                                                                                             Retail Credit Business Department
                                                                                                              (Inclusive Finance Service Center)           Consumer Finance Center#


                                                                                                                    Credit Card Center



                                                                                                                                                   Operational Risk Management Department#


                                                                                                     Risk Management Department                      Market Risk Management Department#


                                                                                                      Credit Approval Department                             Loan Approval Center#

                                                                                                       Asset Security Department


                                                                                                  Operation Management Department                              Operation Center#

                                                                                                  Information Technology Department                      Retail Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                           Audit Department                           Wholesale Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                         Inspection Department                             Infrastructure R&D Center#


                                                                                                     Legal Compliance Department                     Data Asset and Platform R&D Center#


                                                                                                        CMB Research Institute                                   Testing Center#


                                                                                                             Training Center                                      Data Center#


                                                                                                        Office of the Labor Union                             Security Department#

                                                                                                                                                       Anti-money Laundering and Sanction
                                                                                                       Administration Department                        Compliance Management Center#

                                                                                                Representative Offices (Beijing, Shanghai,          Procurement Management Department#
                                                                                                    United States of America, Taipei)

                                                                                                                                                        Project Management Department#

                                                                                                                                                   Note：#secondary department
                                                                                                                                                        *independent secondary department
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                               139
Annual Report 2021



5.15 Head Office and Branches and Representative Offices
                                                                                                           Asset scale
                                                                                                 No. of   (in millions
      Regions               Name of branches     Business address                              branches       of RMB)
      Head Office           Head Office          7088 Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen                    1     3,423,632
                            Credit Card Center   686 Lai’ an Road, Pudong New District,              1       811,862
                                                   Shanghai
      Yangtze River Delta   Shanghai Branch      1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New               102       333,407
                                                   District, Shanghai
                            Shanghai Pilot       56 Bohang Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot              1        35,924
                              Free Trade Zone      Free Trade Zone
                              Branch
                            Nanjing Branch       199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing          87       224,246
                            Hangzhou Branch      300 Fuchun Road, Shangcheng District,              74       238,073
                                                   Hangzhou
                            Ningbo Branch        342 Min’ an East Road, Ningbo                      34        89,859
                            Suzhou Branch        36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park,               33       136,933
                                                   Suzhou
                            Wuxi Branch          6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu           20        59,908
                                                   District, Wuxi
                            Wenzhou Branch       Block 2, 4, 5, Hongshengjin Garden,                15        39,732
                                                   Wuqiao Avenue, Lucheng District,
                                                   Wenzhou
                            Nantong Branch       111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                         17        41,251
      Bohai Rim             Beijing              26/F, Building 3, No.1 Yuetan South Street,         1             ╱
                              Representative       Xicheng District, Beijing
                              Office
                            Beijing Branch      156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District,         118       398,580
                                                  Beijing
                            Qingdao Branch      65 Hai’ er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao          52        62,332
                            Tianjin Branch      255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road,              43        97,668
                                                  Hexi District, Tianjin
                            Jinan Branch        Building 1, District 4, No. 7000, Jingshi           61       104,572
                                                  Road, High-tech Zone, Jinan
                            Yantai Branch       66 Zhujiang Road, Economic &                        17        24,552
                                                  Technological Development Area, Yantai
                            Shijiazhuang Branch 172 Zhonghua South Street, Shijiazhuang             17        28,279
                            Tangshan Branch     45 Beixin Road West, Lubei District,                11         9,612
                                                  Tangshan
      Pearl River Delta and Guangzhou Branch     5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou          75       207,465
      West Side of Taiwan Shenzhen Branch        2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,          124       483,809
      Strait                                       Shenzhen
                            Fuzhou Branch        316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard Road, Fuzhou           37        74,831
                            Xiamen Branch        18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District,              31        69,621
                                                   Xiamen
                            Quanzhou Branch      180 Jiangbin North Road, Fengze Street,            17        29,529
                                                   Quanzhou
                            Dongguan Branch      200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District,                28        62,499
                                                   Dongguan
                            Foshan Branch        12 Denghu Road East, Guicheng Street,              31        74,404
                                                   Nanhai District, Foshan
140   China Merchants Bank     Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2021


                                                                                                               Asset scale
                                                                                                     No. of   (in millions
            Regions            Name of branches     Business address                               branches       of RMB)
            North-eastern      Shenyang Branch      12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang         54        50,816
              China            Dalian Branch        17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian          36        49,738
                               Harbin Branch        3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin          39        43,354
                               Changchun Branch     9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District,               24        25,374
                                                      Changchun
            Central China      Wuhan Branch         188 Yunxia Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan          126       174,371
                               Nanchang Branch      1111 Huizhan Road, Honggutan District,              56       100,309
                                                      Nanchang City
                               Changsha Branch      39 Chazishan East Road, Yuelu District,             45        68,512
                                                      Changsha City
                               Hefei Branch         169 Funan Road, Hefei                               42        73,885
                               Zhengzhou Branch     96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                      52        91,190
                               Taiyuan Branch       265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian                   24        38,596
                                                      District, Taiyuan
                               Haikou Branch        Building C, Haian Yihao, 1 Shimao Road               9        20,331
                                                      North, Haikou
            Western China      Chengdu Branch       No. 1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road               58       103,496
                                                      South, Wuhou District, Chengdu
                               Lanzhou Branch       9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District,                29        37,192
                                                      Lanzhou
                               Xi’an Branch         1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Xi’an                           70       116,084
                               Chongqing Branch     88 Xingguang Road, New North District,              50       115,150
                                                      Chongqing
                               Urumchi Branch       2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                             16        30,051
                               Kunming Branch       1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District,                  54        64,904
                                                      Kunming
                               Hohhot Branch        9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District,               23        30,225
                                                      Hohhot
                               Nanning Branch       No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,            19        36,515
                                                      Nanning
                               Guiyang Branch       West 2nd Tower, International Finance               16        27,563
                                                      Center, Guanshanhu District, Guiyang
                               Yinchuan Branch      138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District,            15        16,956
                                                      Yinchuan
                               Xining Branch        4 Xinning Road, Chengxi District, Xining            11        12,136
            Outside Mainland   Hong Kong Branch     31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught             1        92,168
            China                                     Place, Central, Hong Kong
                               USA Representative   535 Madison Avenue,18th Floor, New York,             1             ╱
                                 Office               U.S.A
                               New York Branch      535 Madison Avenue,18th Floor, New York,             1        70,691
                                                      U.S.A
                               Singapore Branch     1 Raffles Place, Tower 2, #32-61, Singapore          1        10,784
                               Taipei               333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District,         1            ╱
                                 Representative       Taipei
                                 Office
                               Luxembourg Branch 20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg                  1        12,548
                               London Branch     18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                   1        10,988
                               Sydney Branch     L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                   1        13,627
            Total              ╱                    ╱                                                 1,924    8,700,134
China Merchants Bank        Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                       141
Annual Report 2021



5.16 Internal Control
      During the reporting period, the Company actively organised the “Year of Internal Control and Compliance
      Management Construction” activities in accordance with the unified deployment of the China Banking and
      Insurance Regulatory Commission. Focusing on the main points of the “Year of Internal Control and Compliance
      Management Construction” activities, the Company conducted in-depth self-examination and implemented
      comprehensive rectification for the whole Bank. The identified problems were investigated and rectified immediately,
      which eliminated the hidden risks in a timely manner, and the relevant responsible departments and persons were
      held strictly accountable. In addition to self-examination and self-correction, the Company carried out in-depth and
      extensive publicity and education on internal control and compliance management, employees’ professional ethics,
      and compliance with the law across the Bank, to completely raise employees’ awareness of compliance operation
      and risk prevention and control, adhere to the bottom line for risk compliance, effectively prevent all kinds of risks
      and firmly established the concept of “Priority for Internal Control and Compliance-focused”; so as to achieve the
      construction goals of improved internal control system, continuously enhanced internal control efficiency, stronger
      consciousness of compliance, and continuous cultivation of compliance culture, fostering a long-term mechanism for
      internal control and compliance management of “we dare not violate regulations, cannot violate regulations, and
      are unwilling to violate regulations”. To copy with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the on-site inspections,
      the Company further promoted the openness and sharing of the auditing “Hawk Eye” system to the Head Office
      business departments and the branches, organised the business lines and the branches to make full use of inspection
      tools, such as data model, audio and video recording and business image system, so as to continue to strengthen
      the off-site inspection and data verification, conscientiously perform the duty of business supervision, and effectively
      guarantee the compliance operation and the steady and healthy development of the Company’s various businesses.
      During the reporting period, the Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the
      whole Bank in 2021. As reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of
      completeness, reasonableness and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details,
      please refer to the “Report of Assessment on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2021”, and
      the “Auditors’ Report on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2021” issued by Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP with standard unqualified opinions.



5.17 Internal Audit
      The Company has an independent and vertical internal audit management system. The Board of Directors shall
      assume the ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of internal audit, being responsible for
      reviewing and approving the constitutional documents of internal audit, establishing the audit organisation system,
      formulating the medium-to-long term audit plan and the annual audit plan, appointing the head officer of the
      audit department, providing necessary support to carry out internal audit work independently and objectively, and
      assessing the independence and effectiveness of internal audit work. The Head Office has an Audit Department,
      which shall be accountable to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors and
      report its work to such Committee. It is under the guidance of the Board of Supervisors and senior management,
      which shall undertake specific internal audit duties. The Audit Department under the Head Office consists of
      nine audit divisions, which strengthens the ongoing audit and rectification following-up of regional branches and
      institutions. The Audit Department under the Head Office has nine specialised teams to strengthen off-site audit
      work such as “research, analysis, organisation and guidance” and enhanced the support and guidance to the audit
      divisions. Meanwhile, four corresponding audit teams were set up to strengthen the auditing of departments under
      Head Office, overseas institutions, anti-money laundering work and credit card business.
      In 2021, the Company paid close attentions to its strategies, risks and regulatory concerns and adhered to value
      and problem orientation to carry out audit and supervision, consultation and evaluation work over strategy
      implementation, transformation and development, operational efficiency and etc.. Focusing on risk prevention and
      control in key business areas, it implemented industrial regulatory requirements, promoted the construction of
      digital auditing, vigorously practiced “openness and integration”, strengthened audit rectifications, and promote
      the continuous improvement of mechanism, process and system, and effectively promote the stable and healthy
      development of the Bank’s operation and management.



5.18 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
      During the reporting period, the Company has applied the principles of the Corporate Governance Code set out
      in Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and has complied with all the code provisions and recommended
      practices (if applicable).
142   China Merchants Bank   IV Important Events
      Annual Report 2021



      Important Events
      Practising inclusive finance
      Supporting the development of
      small- and micro-sized enterprises
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VI Important Events                                                                      143
Annual Report 2021



Important Events

6.1 Principal Business Activities
      The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



6.2 Financial Highlights
      Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



6.3 Shareholders’ Equity
      For details of changes in shareholders’ equity of the Company, please refer to the “Statement of Changes in Equity”
      in the financial statements.



6.4 Fixed Assets
      Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the
      financial statements.



6.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
      Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
      during the reporting period.



6.6 Pre-emptive Rights
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
      of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



6.7 Retirement and Welfare
      Details about retirement welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the financial
      statements.



6.8 Principal Customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
      did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
144   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2021



      6.9 Compliance with Laws and Regulations
            During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
            regulations that would have a material impact on the operations of the Company.



      6.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
           the Company
            During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
            compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



      6.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
           Supervisors and Senior Management
            Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
            material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



      6.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
           Supervisors
            During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts of
            significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors of
            the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company
            within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



      6.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
           Supervisors or Senior Management
            During the reporting period, the Company was not subject to criminal investigations for suspected crimes, and none
            of the Company’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were subject to compulsory measures
            in accordance with the law. The Company, its Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were not
            subject to criminal punishment, or subject to investigations by the CSRC or administrative punishment by the CSRC
            for suspected violations of laws and regulations, or subject to administrative punishments by other competent
            authorities that have major impact on the operation of the Company. The Directors, Supervisors and senior
            management members of the Company were not subject to detention by the disciplinary inspection and supervision
            authorities for suspected of serious violations of laws and regulations or duty-related crimes that affected the
            performance of their duties, and not subject to compulsory measures taken by other competent authorities for
            suspected violations of laws and regulations that affected the performance of their duties.



      6.14 Explanation on the Integrity of the Company
            During the reporting period, there was no circumstance where the Company failed to fulfill any obligation under
            effective court judgments or repay any due debt of a significant amount.



      6.15 Misconduct Reporting and Monitoring
            During the reporting period, the Company had no internal cases that inflicted huge losses, or external accomplished
            cases or incidents of theft or robbery, or material safety issues.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter VI Important Events                                                                  145
Annual Report 2021



6.16 Undertakings
      In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船股份有限公司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
      Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
      Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
      terms more favorable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of the
      loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company. Upon
      expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until they
      obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
      transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting
      of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
      impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
      Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above shareholders had not
      violated the aforesaid undertakings.
      According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
      Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
      Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting, and formulated the remedial measures in respect of the dilution
      of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance of preference
      shares. The measures include adhering to the strategic direction of “Light-model Bank” and the strategic positioning
      of “One Body with Two Wings”, creating differentiated competitive advantages, strengthening the awareness of
      capital constraints and return on capital, striving to reduce capital consumption, improving the efficiency of capital
      utilisation, strengthening the management of asset quality, and maintaining a stable return policy for the holders
      of ordinary shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also undertook to earnestly
      implement the remedial measures. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, neither
      the Company nor its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid undertakings.



6.17 Significant Connected Transactions28
6.17.1 Overview of connected transactions
      Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, a majority of the continuing connected transactions of
      the Company met the de minimis exemption and the non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the
      reporting and announcement requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



6.17.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45%
      of the equity interest in CMFM, respectively. Therefore, in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, CMFM and
      its associates (“CMFM Group”) are connected parties of the Company, and the fund agency sales service provided
      by the Company to CMFM Group constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company under
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      On 3 December 2019, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM on an arm’s
      length basis and on normal commercial principles for a term commencing on 1 January 2020 and expiring on 31
      December 2022. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates specified in the fund offering documents
      and/or the offering prospectuses, and shall pay agency service fees to the Company according to the agreement.
      Meanwhile, the Company has announced the annual caps of RMB1.4 billion, RMB1.6 billion and RMB1.8 billion
      for the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively as approved
      by the Board of Directors. The annual caps for the service fees, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios
      calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these
      transactions would only be subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong
      Kong Listing Rules, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. For details, please refer
      to the relevant announcement of the Company dated 3 December 2019.
      In 2021, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group amounted to RMB1,164
      million.



28
      Both “connected transactions” and “connected parties” in this section are terms used in Hong Kong Listing Rules.
146   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2021


      6.17.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
            The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
            continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group and confirmed that:
            1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
            2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                   shareholders as a whole;
            3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
            4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
            Furthermore, pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu to perform relevant assurance procedures on the continuing connected transactions of the Group in
            accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other Than
            Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
            on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
            of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors confirmed that the auditor has reported the results of its
            performing procedures to the Board of Directors.
            Regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing of these transactions has come to the attention
            of the auditor as the circumstances described under rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu has issued an assurance letter in respect of the findings of the above continuing connected transactions.
            The Company has submitted a copy of the letter to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



      6.17.4 Significant transactions with related parties
            The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
            statements. These transactions comprised those between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary
            course of business, including borrowings, investments, deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody
            and other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions were conducted on
            normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business of the Company. For those transactions constituted
            the connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, all of them have complied with the applicable
            requirements thereof.



      6.18 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
            Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
            the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 211 pending
            cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate of principal and
            interest of RMB1,135 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration cases would
            have a significant adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



      6.19 Material Contracts and Their Performance
            Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
            leasing of assets
            During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contract signed in connection with holding in
            custody, contracting or leasing of any assets of other companies outside the normal scope of banking businesses, or
            vice versa.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VI Important Events                                                                       147
Annual Report 2021


      Significant guarantees
      Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for the
      financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the CBIRC, the Company did not have
      any other significant discloseable guarantees, nor was the Company a party to any guarantee contract in violation of
      the resolution procedures of external guarantees as required by laws, administrative regulations and the CSRC.



      Explanatory notes and independent opinions of the Independent Non-Executive
      Directors on the guarantees of China Merchants Bank
      In accordance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Independent
      Non-Executive Directors of the Company carried out a due diligence review of the external guarantees of the
      Company for 2021 on an open, fair and objective basis, and issued their opinions on the special review as follows:
      After review, it was ascertained that the external guarantee business of China Merchants Bank was approved by
      the CBIRC, and it was carried out in the ordinary course of business of banks as a conventional business. As at
      31 December 2021, the balance of the irrevocable guarantees of China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries was
      RMB204.815 billion.
      China Merchants Bank emphasises the risk management of the guarantee business. It has formulated specific
      management measures and operation workflow according to the risk profile of this business. In addition, China
      Merchants Bank has enhanced risk monitoring and safeguarded this business through management means such as
      on-site and off-site inspections. During the reporting period, the guarantee business of China Merchants Bank had
      been in normal operation and there was no circumstance in which a guarantee contract was entered into in violation
      of laws, administrative regulations and the external guarantee resolution procedures stipulated by the CSRC.



6.20 Use of Funds by Related Parties
      During the reporting period, neither the substantial shareholders of the Company nor other related parties had used
      any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and none of them had used the funds of the Company
      through, among others, any related transactions not entered into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special audit opinion in
      this regard.



6.21 Appointment of Accounting Firms
      According to its resolutions passed at the 2020 Annual General Meeting, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic
      subsidiaries for 2021 and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the international accounting firm of the Company and its
      overseas subsidiaries for 2021. These two accounting firms have been engaged as auditors of the Company since
      2016. Zhu Wei and Wu Lingzhi are the certified public accountants who signed the audit report on the Company’s
      financial statements for 2021 prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, who
      have been serving as the public accountants signing the financial statements of the Company since 2017 and 2021,
      respectively.
      The financial statements of the Company for 2021 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
      Principles and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2021 were audited by Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2021 prepared under International
      Accounting Standards were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees of the Group amounted
      to approximately RMB29.36 million, among which the audit fees for internal control was approximately RMB1.49
      million. The Company paid the total non-audit fees of approximately RMB22.51 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for 2021. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
      Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not
      compromise their audit independence.
148   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2021



      6.22 Explanation of Changes in Accounting Policies and Accounting
           Estimates
            During the reporting period, there was no change in the accounting policy of the Company.
            In order to increase its resilience and guard itself against losses, on 30 June 2021, the Group conducted a
            comprehensive review on the measurement system of provision for expected credit loss of financial instruments, and
            further optimised the measurement scheme in the principle of prudence and robustness. The changes in accounting
            estimates are applied prospectively for future periods, and therefore it is not necessary to adjust the financial
            reports that have already been disclosed retrospectively. The changes in accounting estimates are expected to have
            no significant impact on the net profit, total assets and net assets of the Group. For more details on the changes
            in accounting estimates of the Company during the reporting period, please refer to the relevant announcement
            published by the Company on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
            the Company, respectively and Note 5 “Significant accounting estimates and judgments, changes in accounting
            estimates” to the financial report.



      6.23 Review of Annual Results
            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, both being the external
            auditors of the Company, have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the
            PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards, respectively, and
            each has issued an unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has
            reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2021.



      6.24 Annual General Meeting
            For the convening of its 2021 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



      6.25 Management Contracts
            No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
            the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.



      6.26 Permitted Indemnity Provision
            The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisors and
            senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisors and senior management arising out
            of corporate activities.



      6.27 Publication of Annual Report
            The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
            Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the English and Chinese
            versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
            The Company also prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
            Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
            Stock Exchange and the Company.
149   China Merchants Bank   Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
      Annual Report 2021



      Summary of Accounting Data
      Upgrading        consumer finance
      and Financial Indicators
      Contributing to a better life
150   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2021



      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

      7.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
          Reporting Period
                                                                      31 December 2020            Changes in the        31 December 2021
                                                                                                   No. of shares
                                                                                                      during the
                                                                                                       reporting
                                                                    No. of shares   Percentage            period     No. of shares   Percentage
                                                                          (share)          (%)            (share)          (share)          (%)
            1.    Shares subject to trading moratorium                         –              –                –                 –              –
            2.    Shares not subject to trading moratorium        25,219,845,601         100.00                –    25,219,845,601         100.00
                  (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)           20,628,944,429          81.80                –    20,628,944,429          81.80
                  (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                       –              –                –                 –              –
                  (3) Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)    4,590,901,172          18.20                –     4,590,901,172          18.20
                  (4) Others                                                   –              –                –                 –              –
            3.    Total shares                                    25,219,845,601         100.00                –    25,219,845,601         100.00

            As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 521,896 shareholders, including 491,920 holders
            of A Shares and 29,976 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject
            to trading moratorium.
            As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e. 28 February 2022), the Company
            had a total of 448,081 shareholders, including 418,236 holders of A Shares and 29,845 holders of H Shares. Neither
            the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading moratorium.
            Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, as at the end of the reporting
            period, the Company had maintained the public float in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules.
China Merchants Bank                     Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                             151
Annual Report 2021



7.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
    Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
    Moratorium
                                                                                                                                                        Number of         Shares
                                                                         Shares held at Percentage of                                 Changes in     shares subject    Pledged,
                                                                         the end of the the total share                             the reporting       to trading    marked or
                                                     Type of                    period          capital                                    period      moratorium        frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholders                shareholders               (share)             (%)   Type of shares                   (share)          (share)      (share)
      1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                  Overseas legal      4,552,406,315            18.05   H Shares not subject to       1,958,918                –     Unknown
                                                       person                                               trading moratorium

      2         China Merchants Steam Navigation     State-owned legal 3,289,470,337              13.04   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading moratorium

      3         China Ocean Shipping Company         State-owned legal 1,574,729,111               6.24   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Limited                              person                                               trading moratorium

      4         Hong Kong Securities Clearing        Overseas legal      1,517,455,779             6.02   A Shares not subject to    443,810,867                 –             –
                  Company Limited                      person                                               trading moratorium

      5         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and     State-owned legal 1,258,542,349               4.99   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading moratorium

      6         China Merchants Finance Investment State-owned legal 1,147,377,415                 4.55   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Holdings Co., Ltd.                 person                                                 trading moratorium

      7         Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. –   Domestic legal      1,130,991,537             4.48   A Shares not subject to   –127,957,634                 –             –
                  Traditional – Ordinary insurance     person                                               trading moratorium
                  products

      8         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and     State-owned legal     944,013,171             3.74   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading moratorium

      9         Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. –     Domestic legal        815,030,635             3.23   A Shares not subject to   –221,101,800                 –             –
                  Universal products                   person                                               trading moratorium

      10        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co.,      State-owned legal     696,450,214             2.76   A Shares not subject to               –                –             –
                  Ltd.,                                person                                               trading moratorium

      Notes:

      (1)       Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on the
                transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd.. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others to hold
                shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by investors through
                Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

      (2)       As at the end of the reporting period, of the aforesaid top ten shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong
                Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development
                Company Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd.
                are all subsidiaries of China Merchants Group Ltd.; and China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                are all subsidiaries of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert
                among other shareholders.

      (3)       The above holders of A Shares did not hold the shares of the Company through credit securities accounts, neither were there cases of proxy,
                trustee nor waiver of voting rights.
152   China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2021



      7.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
      7.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest Shareholder
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing
            Investment and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd.,
            China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development
            (Shenzhen) Limited, indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the
            shares of the Company. Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% shares
            in the Company, and is the largest shareholder of the Company with a registered capital of RMB17 billion, and
            its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. It mainly engages in passenger and cargo shipping businesses; dockyard,
            warehouse and vehicle transportation; investment and management of tugboat and barge transportation business;
            repair, construction and trading of ships and offshore oil drilling equipment; sale, purchase and supply of various
            transportation equipment, spare parts and materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction
            of water and land-based construction projects; and businesses such as investment and management of finance,
            insurance, trust, securities and futures industries.
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder, with
            a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is a
            state-owned enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
            of the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when
            China was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises
            which played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce
            at that time. Nowadays, it has developed into a diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three
            core industries, namely integrated transportation, featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and
            industrial zones. It is realising the transformation from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial
            operation, financial services, investment and capital operation.
            The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
            period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
            largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum
            of the amounts listed are due to rounding):



                                                                              China Merchants Group Ltd.


                                                                                  100%

                                                                                China Merchants Steam
                                                                                  Navigation Co., Ltd.




                                                                                  100%
                                                                                China Merchants Finance
                                                                              Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.


                 100%                                      100%                                      100%
                                                                                                 China Merchants Finance
                                                                                                                           27.59%
                China Merchants Holdings       Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment                                                          China Merchants China
              (Hong Kong) Company Limited      and Development Company Ltd.                          Holdings Co., Ltd              Direct Investments Limited


                  50%                                  50%                50%                        100%                               100%
                China Merchants                         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment                   Best Winner                     China Merchants Industry
               Union (BVI) Limited                      and Development Company Ltd.               Investment Limited               Development (Shenzhen) Limited




                1.89%                       4.99%          3.74%                  4.55%              1.53%                              0.22%                   13.04%

                                                                                     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                         153
Annual Report 2021


7.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
      Company
      As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate of
      9.97% shares in the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company Limited, COSCO
      Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd. (廣州海寧海務技
      術諮詢有限公司), COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運(上海)有限公司), COSCO Shipping Investment
      Holdings Co., Limited (中遠海運投資控股有限公司) and Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd. (廣州市
      三鼎油品運輸有限公司). There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping
      Company Limited held 6.24% shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor
      of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983, with a registered capital of
      RMB16.191 billion. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping;
      ancillary business in international maritime transportation; acceptance of space booking, voyage charter and time
      charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing, construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and
      containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship escrowing business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and
      communications services relating to shipping business at home and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in
      vessel and cargo agency business and seafarer assignment business.
      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
      and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established on 5 February
      2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The scope of its businesses
      includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; imports and exports of
      goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding business; ship leasing; sales of ships,
      containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal and port investment; communication
      equipment sales, information and technical services; warehousing (except hazardous chemicals); engaged in
      technology development, technology transfer, technical consulting, technical services and equity investment funds in
      the field of shipping and spare parts.



7.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
      1.     As of the end of the reporting period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 3.23% shares in the Company,
             and is a shareholder which has appointed a Director in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
             of the Company. The controlling shareholder of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is Dajia Insurance Group Co.,
             Ltd.. Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019, with registered capital of RMB20.36
             billion, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. Its controlling shareholder and de facto controller is China
             Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd..
      2.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group (Limited) through its
             subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co.,
             Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbor Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua (Shenzhen)
             Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbor Consultants Co., Ltd. indirectly held an aggregate of 1.68%
             shares in the Company, and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There
             was no pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction Group (Limited) was
             established on 8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion, and its legal representative
             is Wang Tongzhou. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
             Commission of the State Council.
      3.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% shares in the Company
             and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
             of the Company. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital
             of RMB11.683 billion, and its legal representative is Chen Hong. Its de facto controller is the State-owned
             Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai City.
      4.     As at the end of the reporting period, Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. held 1.17% shares in the Company and
             is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of
             the Company. Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. was established on 28 August 2002, with a registered capital
             of RMB8.0 billion. Its legal representative is Cao Ziyu and its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets
             Supervision and Administration Commission of Hebei Province.
154   China Merchants Bank           Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2021


      7.3.4 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the Company under Hong Kong
            laws and regulations
            As at 31 December 2021, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
            Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed
            are due to rounding) as follows:


                                                                                                                Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                     of the          of the
                                                                                                              relevant class   total issued
            Name of                                                                          No. of               of shares       ordinary
            substantial              Class of   Long/short                                   shares                 in issue         shares
            shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                      (shares)   Notes              (%)            (%)
            China Merchants          A          Long         Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
              Group Ltd.                                        corporation
                                                Long         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                      6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants Steam    A          Long         Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
              Navigation Co., Ltd.              Long         Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                                                corporation
                                                Long         Other                      55,196,540
                                                                                      6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants          A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
              Finance Investment                Long         Interest of controlled   2,260,702,660
              Holdings Co., Ltd.                                corporation
                                                Long         Other                      55,196,540
                                                                                      3,463,276,615    1              16.79          13.73
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled     328,776,923    1               7.16           1.30
                                                                corporation

            CMF Holdings Limited     A          Long         Interest of controlled     58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
                                                                corporation
                                     H          Long         Interest of controlled    328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30
                                                                corporation

            Best Winner              A          Long         Beneficial owner           58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
              Investment Limited     H          Long         Beneficial owner          328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30

            Shenzhen Yan Qing        A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349
              Investment and                    Long         Interest of controlled     944,013,171
              Development                                       corporation
              Company Ltd.                                                            2,202,555,520    1              10.68           8.73
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                              155
Annual Report 2021


                                                                                                            Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                 of the          of the
                                                                                                          relevant class   total issued
      Name of                                                                            No. of               of shares       ordinary
      substantial              Class of   Long/short                                     shares                 in issue         shares
      shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                        (shares)   Notes              (%)            (%)
      China Ocean Shipping     A          Long         Beneficial owner           1,574,729,111                    7.63           6.24
        Company Limited

      Hexie Health Insurance   A          Long         Beneficial owner           1,130,991,537    2               5.48           4.48
        Co. Ltd

      Pagoda Tree Investment H            Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
        Company Limited                                   corporation
        (中國華馨投資有限公司)

      Compass Investment       H          Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
        Company Limited                                   corporation

      CNIC Corporation Limited H          Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
                                                          corporation

      Verise Holdings Company H           Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
        Limited                                           corporation

      China Merchants Union    H          Long         Beneficial Owner            477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
        (BVI) Limited

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.     H          Long         Interest of controlled       82,232,321
                                                          corporation
                                          Long         Investment manager          168,137,158
                                          Long         Person having a security        719,370
                                                          interest in shares
                                          Long         Trustee                          28,130
                                          Long         Approved lending agent      115,110,900
                                                                                   366,227,879      4              7.97           1.45
                                          Short        Interest of controlled       75,445,018      4              1.64           0.30
                                                          corporation

      Citigroup Inc.           H          Long         Interest of controlled       29,160,488
                                                          corporation
                                          Long         Approved lending agent      318,132,497
                                                                                   347,292,985      5              7.56           1.38
                                          Short        Interest of controlled       13,042,714      5              0.28           0.05
                                                          corporation

      UBS Group AG             H          Long         Interest of controlled      271,405,001      6              5.91           1.08
                                                          corporation

      BlackRock, Inc.          H          Long         Interest of controlled      232,488,325      7              5.06           0.92
                                                          corporation
                                          Short        Interest of controlled          205,000      7              0.00           0.00
                                                          corporation
156   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2021


            Notes：

            (1)      For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 7.3.1 “Information on the
                     Company’s largest shareholder”.

            (2)      New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. is the trustee of all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. New China
                     Asset Management Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd.

            (3)      Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
                     Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly owned subsidiary of Compass Investment Company Limited:

                     (3.1)    China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited
                              was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of
                              holding the 50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

                     (3.2)    Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed
                              to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which are deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company Limited.

                     (3.3)    Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which are deemed
                              to be held by CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding the 98.9% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

                     The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (3) and (3.1) to (3.3) above represented the same shares.


            (4)      JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold a total of 366,227,879 H shares (long position) and 75,445,018 H shares (short position) in
                     the Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the
                     Company included a lending pool of 115,110,900 H shares. Besides, 62,000,000 H shares (long position) and 7,777,481 H shares (short
                     position) were held through derivatives as follows:

                     2,674,500 H shares (long position) and 2,935,000 H shares (short position)           – through physically settled listed derivatives

                     79,500 H shares (long position) and 11,000 H shares (short position)                 – through cash settled listed derivatives

                     4,268,525 H shares (short position)                                                  – through physically settled unlisted derivatives

                     59,246,000 H shares (long position) and 562,956 H shares (short position)            – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

            (5)      Citigroup Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 347,292,985 H shares (long position) and 13,042,714 H shares (short position) in the Company
                     by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of Citigroup Inc. in the Company included a
                     lending pool of 318,132,497 H shares. Besides, 6,351,692 H shares (long position) and 5,955,858 H shares (short position) were held through
                     derivatives as follows:

                     532,830 H shares (long position) and 434,000 H shares (short position)               – through physically settled listed derivatives

                     56,520 H shares (long position) and 4,084,674 H shares (short position)              – through physically settled unlisted derivatives

                     5,762,342 H shares (long position) and 1,437,184 H shares (short position)           – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

            (6)      UBS Group AG was deemed to hold a total of 271,405,001 H shares (long position) in the Company by virtue of its control over a number
                     of companies. The equity interests of UBS Group AG in the Company included 10,756,859 H shares (long position) which were held through
                     derivatives as follows:

                     1,000,635 H shares (long position)                                                   – through physically settled listed derivatives

                     9,261,436 H shares (long position)                                                   – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

                     445,091 H shares (long position)                                                     – through physically settled unlisted derivatives

                     49,697 H shares (long position)                                                      – through cash settled listed derivatives

            (7)      BlackRock,Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 232,488,325 H shares (long position) and 205,000 H shares (short position) in the Company
                     by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests of BlackRock,Inc. in the Company included 472,500 H shares (long
                     position) and 205,000 H shares (short position) which were held through derivatives as follows:

                     472,500 H shares (long position) and 205,000 H shares (short position)               – through cash settled unlisted derivatives


            Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
            and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
            positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2021 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
            the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
China Merchants Bank               Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                   157
Annual Report 2021



7.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
      During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares. The Company did not have any
      internal staff shares. Except for the disclosure related to “Preference Shares” in this chapter, no equity-linked
      agreements of the Company were entered into during the reporting period or subsisted at the end of the reporting
      period .
      For issuance of bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 43 to the financial statements.



7.5 Preference Shares
7.5.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 50,000,000
      non-cumulative perpetual offshore preference shares on 25 October 2017. The issuance price is USD20 each and the
      coupon dividend rate per annum is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the actual dividend yield to be received by the holders
      of the preference shares is 4.40%). The offshore preference shares of the issuance were listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange on 26 October 2017 (abbreviated name of shares: “CMB 17USDPREF”; stock code: 04614; number of
      listed shares: 50,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of the offshore preference shares amounted to
      USD1.0 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the
      Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
      domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
      per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
      the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
      “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
      the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion. The net proceeds after deduction of
      the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      For details, please refer to the relevant announcement(s) published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively.



7.5.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 14 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference shares (or its nominee) and 13 holders of domestic preference
      shares.
      As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e. 28 February 2022), the Company
      had a total of 15 holders of preference shares (or their nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference shares
      (or its nominee) and 14 holders of domestic preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of offshore preference
      shares (or their nominees) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Number of             Shares
                                                                               Shares held                                    shares subject        Pledged,
                                                                             at the end of    Percentage of                      to trading        marked or
               Name of                 Type of          Type of                 the period    shareholdings        Changes      moratorium            frozen
      No.      shareholders            shareholders     sharers                     (share)             (%)         (share)          (share)          (share)
      1        The Bank of New York Overseas legal      Offshore               50,000,000              100                –                –         Unknown
                 Depository (Nominees) person             preference share
                 Limited

      Notes:

      (1)       The shareholdings of holders of preference shares are calculated based on the information listed in the register of holders of preference shares
                maintained by the Company.

      (2)       As the issuance is an offshore non-public issuance, the information listed in the register of holders of preference shares is the information on
                the nominees of the placees.

      (3)       The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above holders of preference shares and the top ten
                holders of ordinary shares.

      (4)       “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of offshore preference shares held by the holders of preference
                shares to the total number of offshore preference shares.
158   China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2021


            As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
            shares were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                         Number of         Shares
                                                                                                        Shares held at                                shares subject    Pledged,
                                                                                                        the end of the   Percentage of                   to trading    marked or
                                                                  Type of                                      period    shareholdings     Changes      moratorium        frozen
            No.      Name of shareholders                         shareholders Type of Shares                  (share)             (%)      (share)          (share)      (share)
            1        China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd State-owned Domestic preference           106,000,000            38.55            –               –             –
                                                                     legal person share
            2        CCB Capital – “Qianyuan – Private” (乾元－       Others         Domestic preference      40,000,000            14.55   40,000,000               –             –
                        私享), an open private banking RMB wealth                     share
                        management product (daily calculated) of
                        China Construction Bank – Anxin Private (安
                        鑫私享) No.2 Special Asset Management
                        Scheme of CCB Capital
            3        BOC Asset – Bank of China – Bank of China     Others         Domestic preference      25,000,000             9.09            –               –             –
                        Limited, Shenzhen Branch                                    share
            4        China National Tobacco (Henan Province)       State-owned Domestic preference         20,000,000             7.27            –               –             –
                        Company                                      legal person share
                     Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance         Others         Domestic preference      20,000,000             7.27            –               –             –
                        Company of China, Ltd. – traditional –                      share
                        ordinary insurance products
            6        China National Tobacco (Anhui Province)       State-owned Domestic preference         15,000,000             5.45            –               –             –
                        Company                                      legal person share
                     China National Tobacco (Sichuan Province)     State-owned Domestic preference         15,000,000             5.45            –               –             –
                        Company                                      legal person share
            8        Everbright Securities Asset Management –      Others         Domestic preference       9,000,000             3.27    6,000,000               –             –
                        China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No.                     share
                        2 Collective Asset Management Scheme of
                        Everbright Securities Asset Management
            9        Everbright Securities Asset Management –      Others         Domestic preference       8,000,000             2.91    3,000,000               –             –
                        China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優)                         share
                        Collective Asset Management Scheme of
                        Everbright Securities Asset Management
            10       CITIC Securities Company Limited              State-owned Domestic preference          5,000,000             1.82    5,000,000               –             –
                                                                     legal person share
                     Changjiang Pension Insurance – Bank of China Others          Domestic preference       5,000,000             1.82            –               –             –
                        – China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                    share
                     China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province)    State-owned Domestic preference          5,000,000             1.82            –               –             –
                        Company                                      legal person share

            Notes:

            (1)        The shareholdings of holders of domestic preference share are presented under separate account according to the register of members of
                       preference share of the Company.

            (2)        China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Sichuan
                       Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province) Company are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of China National Tobacco
                       Corporation; “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2 Collective Asset Management Scheme
                       of Everbright Securities Asset Management” and “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) Collective
                       Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” are all managed by Everbright Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                       Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above holders of preference shares
                       or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten holders of ordinary shares.

            (3)        “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference
                       shares to the total number of domestic preference shares.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                     159
Annual Report 2021


7.5.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
      Dividend distribution of offshore preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Offshore Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for offshore preference shares on 25 October 2021, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for offshore preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The offshore preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      offshore preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the relevant terms of the offshore
      preference shares, the dividend rate per annum of the offshore preference shares is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the
      actual dividend yield to be received by the holders of the preference shares is 4.40%). According to relevant laws
      and regulations, the Company shall withhold an income tax at a rate of 10% when distributing the dividends for the
      offshore preference shares to the offshore non-resident enterprises. According to the terms and conditions of the
      offshore preference shares, the Company is responsible to pay relevant income tax. Total amount of the proceeds
      from the issuance of the Company’s offshore preference shares was USD1 billion, the total amount of dividends for
      the offshore preference shares is USD48,888,888.89, comprising of USD44,000,000.00 which was actually paid to
      the holders of the offshore preference shares, and the withholding tax amounted to USD4,888,888.89.


      Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 20 December 2021, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      domestic preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
      domestic preference shares, based on the dividend rate of 4.81% for domestic preference shares, the cash dividends
      per preference share paid were RMB4.81 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference shares in
      issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB1,322.75 million (including tax).
      For the details of dividend distribution for domestic and offshore preference shares, please refer to the relevant
      announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and the Company on 10 December 2021 and 13 October 2021, respectively.



7.5.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
      During the reporting period, there had been no repurchase and conversion of preference shares.



7.5.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
      During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s domestic and offshore preference shares in issue
      had not been restored.



7.5.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
      The Company made accounting judgments over its preference shares then issued and outstanding in accordance
      with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial Reporting
      Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Accounting Standard 32 – Financial Instruments:
      Presentation” promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares issued and
      outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they any contractual
      obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were therefore measured
      as equity instruments.
Persisting in benefiting
people with financial services
Helping in building smart cities
China Merchants Bank     Chapter VIII Financial Statements         161
Annual Report 2021



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                                 162

Financial Statements and Notes Thereto                       168

Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information                320
(See Annexures)
162   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(22)I00027




      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 168 to 319, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
      cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board
      for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   163
Annual Report 2021

                                                                                                         DTTHK(A)(22)I00027
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
commitments

We identified expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of          Our audit procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt          allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees           cost, debt investments at amortised cost and financial
and loan commitments as a key audit matter due to                guarantees and loan commitments included the following:
the materiality of these items’ balance and significant
management judgement and estimates involved in deriving          We understood management’s process and tested the
the ECL estimates.                                               design and operating effectiveness of key controls across the
                                                                 processes relevant to the ECL estimation of the Group. These
As at 31 December 2021, as set out in Note 22(a), the            controls included the development, validation and review
Group reported loans and advances to customers at                of the ECL model; the controls over the model data input,
amortised cost of RMB5,085,600 million and expected              including manual input controls and automated transmission
credit loss allowances of RMB245,494 million; in Note 23(b),     controls; the automated controls over the ECL model
the Group reported debt investments at amortised cost of         calculation process; the controls over the identification of
RMB1,225,727 million and expected credit loss allowances         SICR indicators and credit impairment events.
of RMB39,886 million; in note 42, the Group reported the
expected credit loss allowances of financial guarantees and      We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
loan commitments of RMB12,790 million.                           Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
                                                                 into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
Key judgements and estimates in respect of the                   loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt
measurement of ECLs include: the significant management          investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees
judgement and estimates of model design and its                  and loan commitments, we involved our internal modelling
application; the identification of a significant increase in     specialist to assist us in assessing the appropriateness of
credit risk (SICR); the identification of credit impairment      the Group’s methodology of ECL modelling. We reviewed
events; the determination of inputs used in the ECL model,       relevant documents and evaluated the appropriateness and
as well as the determination of the forward-looking              application of the ECL model.
information to incorporate.
164   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021

                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(22)I00027
      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
      to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
      amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
      commitments

      Principal accounting policies and significant accounting         With the support of our internal modelling specialist, we
      estimates and judgement applied in determining the               assessed the key definitions and application of parameters
      expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances to         and assumptions in the ECL model. This included assessing
      customers at amortised cost, debt investments at amortised       stage determination, probability of default, loss given
      cost and financial guarantees and loan commitments are           default, exposure at default, forward-looking information
      set out in Notes 4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial     and COVID-19 impact. We selected samples to check
      statements.                                                      whether the calculation in the ECL model is consistent
                                                                       with the methodology. We selected samples to conduct
                                                                       credit reviews in order to assess the appropriateness of
                                                                       the significant judgements made by the management
                                                                       regarding the occurrence of SICR and credit impairment
                                                                       events, and whether the identification of such events are
                                                                       proper and timely. In addition, we selected samples and
                                                                       tested their data input into the ECL model to evaluate the
                                                                       completeness and accuracy of the data input. For loans
                                                                       and advances at amortised cost and debt investments at
                                                                       amortised cost at stage 3, we selected samples to test the
                                                                       reasonableness of future cash flows from the borrowers
                                                                       estimated by the Group, including the expected recoverable
                                                                       amount of collateral, to assess whether there were material
                                                                       misstatements in credit loss allowances.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    165
Annual Report 2021

                                                                                                           DTTHK(A)(22)I00027
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Consolidation of structured entities

We identified consolidation of structured entities as a key audit     Our audit procedures in relation to consolidation of
matter since significant judgement is applied by management           structured entities included the following:
to determine whether or not the Group has control over certain
structured entities.                                                  We understood and tested the design and operating
                                                                      effectiveness of key controls over the management
The structured entities of the Group include wealth management        process in determining the consolidation scope for
products, asset management schemes, trust beneficiary rights,         interests in structured entities as well as understood the
assets-backed securities and funds, as disclosed in Note 64 to        purpose for setting up the structured entities.
the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                      We reviewed the relevant contract terms, on a sample
As described in Note 4(1), the consolidation of structured entities   basis, and assessed the power of the Group over the
is determined based on control. Control is achieved when the          structured entities, the rights of the Group to variable
investor has power over the investee, the investor is exposed,        returns of the structured entities and the ability of
or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the      the Group to use its power to affect its return, and
investee; and the investor has the ability to use its power to        evaluated management judgement on whether the
affect its returns. When performing the assessment on whether         Group has control over the structured entities and the
the Group has control over the structured entities, the Group         conclusion about whether or not the consolidation
considers several factors including, the scope of its decision-       criteria are met.
making authority over the structured entities, the rights held
by other parties, the remuneration for managing the structured
entities and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns from
interests that it holds in the structured entities.
166   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021

                                                                                                                DTTHK(A)(22)I00027
      Other Information
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.
      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
      we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
      that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
      the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
      internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
      statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
      solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
      person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
      audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   167
Annual Report 2021

                                                                                                          DTTHK(A)(22)I00027
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
       based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
       may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.
•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Shi Chung Fai.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong




18 March 2022
168   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2021
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               Notes      2021        2020
      Interest income                                                             6     327,056     307,425
      Interest expense                                                            7    (123,137)   (122,394)
      Net interest income                                                              203,919     185,031
      Fee and commission income                                                   8    102,318      86,684
      Fee and commission expense                                                        (7,871)     (7,198)
      Net fee and commission income                                                     94,447      79,486
      Other net income                                                            9     29,011      22,881
      – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                               (657)       (273)
      Operating income                                                                  327,377     287,398
      Operating expenses                                                         10    (116,879)   (102,814)
      Operating profit before impairment losses and taxation                           210,498     184,584
      Expected credit losses                                                     14    (65,962)    (64,871)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                                   (393)       (154)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                         25      2,877       2,392
      Share of profits of associates                                             26      1,153         489
      Profit before taxation                                                           148,173     122,440
      Income tax                                                                 15    (27,339)    (24,481)
      Profit for the year                                                              120,834      97,959
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                       119,922      97,342
      Non-controlling interests                                                            912         617
      Earnings per share
      Basic and diluted (RMB Yuan)                                               17        4.61        3.79

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements                               169
Annual Report 2021



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2021
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         Note     2021      2020
Profit for the year                                                             120,834    97,959
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     Share of other comprehensive income from equity-accounted
       investees                                                                   133       463
     Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at
       fair value through other comprehensive income                              4,156    (2,729)
     Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
       measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                  3,036     1,054
     Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                        105       (27)
     Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
       foreign operations                                                        (1,574)   (2,483)
  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
       fair value through other comprehensive income                              1,318      481
     Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                         15       43
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                       16      7,189    (3,198)
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                        7,298    (2,967)
Non-controlling interests                                                          (109)     (231)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                         128,023    94,761
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                      127,220    94,375
Non-controlling interests                                                           803       386

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
170   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2021
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               Notes       2021        2020
      Assets
      Cash                                                                                13,310      13,088
      Precious metals                                                                      4,639       7,970
      Balances with central banks                                                18      553,898     525,358
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                       19       80,350     103,335
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                     20      194,421     226,919
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                       21      524,601     286,262
      Loans and advances to customers                                            22    5,335,391   4,804,361
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss               23(a)     348,123     495,723
      Derivative financial assets                                              60(f)      23,390      47,272
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                       23(b)   1,185,841   1,049,280
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income        23(c)     636,038     516,553
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                  23(d)      6,995       7,139
      Interests in joint ventures                                                25      14,779      12,403
      Interests in associates                                                    26       8,875       2,519
      Investment properties                                                      27       1,372       1,623
      Property and equipment                                                     28      80,415      69,470
      Right-of-use assets                                                      29(a)     18,403      19,104
      Intangible assets                                                          30       4,066       4,763
      Goodwill                                                                   31       9,954       9,954
      Deferred tax assets                                                        32      81,639      72,893
      Other assets                                                               33     122,521      85,459
      Total assets                                                                     9,249,021   8,361,448

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                           171
Annual Report 2021


                                                                       Notes           2021        2020
Liabilities
Borrowing from central banks                                                         159,987     331,622
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         34      753,018     723,402
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                       35      170,650     143,517
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   36       63,761      60,351
Derivative financial liabilities                                           60(f)      27,282      50,061
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                     37      157,660     142,927
Deposits from customers                                                      38    6,385,154   5,664,135
Salaries and welfare payable                                               39(a)      19,761      15,462
Tax payable                                                                  40       22,491      18,648
Contract liabilities                                                         41        7,536       6,829
Lease liabilities                                                          29(b)      13,812      14,242
Provisions                                                                   42       14,660       8,229
Debt securities issued                                                       43      446,645     346,141
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     32        1,353       1,073
Other liabilities                                                            44      139,570     104,455
Total liabilities                                                                  8,383,340   7,631,094
Equity
Share capital                                                                45      25,220      25,220
Other equity instruments                                                     46     127,043      84,054
  – Preference shares                                                      46(a)     34,065      34,065
  – Perpetual bonds                                                        46(b)     92,978      49,989
Capital reserve                                                              47      67,523      67,523
Investment revaluation reserve                                               48      15,047       8,207
Hedging reserve                                                              49          39         (66)
Surplus reserve                                                              50      82,137      71,158
General reserve                                                              51     115,288      98,082
Retained earnings                                                                   390,207     338,664
Proposed profit appropriation                                              52(b)     38,385      31,601
Exchange reserve                                                             53      (2,144)       (693)
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                               858,745     723,750
Non-controlling interests                                                             6,936       6,604
– Non-controlling interest                                                            3,300       2,851
– Perpetual debt capital                                                   62(a)      3,636       3,753
Total equity                                                                        865,681     730,354
Total equity and liabilities                                                       9,249,021   8,361,448

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2022.




Miao Jianmin                                                  Tian Huiyu
Director                                                      Director
172   China Merchants Bank                                  Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2021
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                           2021
                                                                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                               Non-controlling interests
                                                          Other equity instruments
                                                                                                Investment                                                                                                  Non- Perpetual
                                                 Share Preference Perpetual          Capital revaluation       Hedging       Surplus    General     Retained Proposed profit Exchange                controlling        debt
                                        Notes   capital        shares      bonds     reserve        reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve    earnings appropriation     reserve   Subtotal        interest     capital      Total

      At 1 January 2021                         25,220         34,065     49,989     67,523           8,207          (66)    71,158       98,082     338,664        31,601       (693)   723,750           2,851       3,753     730,354
      Changes in equity for the year                 –              –     42,989          –           6,840         105      10,979       17,206         51,543       6,784    (1,451)   134,995             449        (117)    135,327
        (a) Net profit for the year                  –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –     119,922              –         –    119,922             685         227     120,834
        (b) Other comprehensive
             income for the year          16         –              –           –         –           8,644         105            –           –              –           –    (1,451)      7,298              8        (117)      7,189
      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                     –              –           –         –           8,644         105            –           –     119,922              –    (1,451)   127,220             693         110     128,023
        (c) Capital contribution from
             equity holders                          –              –     42,989          –               –            –           –           –              –           –         –     42,989               –            –     42,989
             Issue of perpetual bonds 46(b)          –              –     42,989          –               –            –           –           –              –           –         –     42,989               –            –     42,989
        (d) Profit appropriations                    –              –           –         –               –            –     10,979       17,206     (70,183)        6,784          –     (35,214)          (244)       (227)    (35,685)
             (i) Appropriations to
                   statutory surplus
                   reserve                50         –              –           –         –               –            –     10,979            –     (10,979)             –         –           –              –            –          –
             (ii) Appropriations to
                   general reserve        51         –              –           –         –               –            –           –      17,206     (17,206)             –         –           –              –            –          –
             (iii) Dividends declared
                   and paid for the
                   year 2020                         –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –              –     (31,601)        –     (31,601)          (244)           –    (31,845)
             (iv) Distribution to
                   perpetual debt
                   capital                62         –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –              –           –         –           –              –        (227)       (227)
             (v) Proposed dividends
                   for the year 2021                 –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –     (38,385)       38,385          –           –              –            –          –
             (vi) Dividends paid for
                   preference shares                 –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –         (1,638)          –         –      (1,638)             –            –     (1,638)
             (vii) Distribution to
                   perpetual bonds                   –              –           –         –               –            –           –           –         (1,975)          –         –      (1,975)             –            –     (1,975)
        (e) Transfers within equity
             upon disposal of equity
             instruments designated
             at fair value through
             other comprehensive
             income                                  –              –           –         –          (1,804)           –           –           –          1,804           –         –           –              –            –          –

      At 31 December 2021                       25,220         34,065     92,978     67,523          15,047          39      82,137      115,288     390,207        38,385     (2,144)   858,745           3,300       3,636     865,681

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                       173
Annual Report 2021


                                                                                                                 2020
                                                                                         Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                      Non-controlling interests
                                                    Other equity instruments
                                                                                         Investment                                                                                                         Non-     Perpetual
                                           Share     Preference    Perpetual   Capital   revaluation     Hedging        Surplus      General       Retained Proposed profit    Exchange               controlling         debt
                                  Notes   capital        shares       bonds    reserve       reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve       earnings    appropriation     reserve   Subtotal       interest      capital     Total

At 1 January 2020                         25,220        34,065             –   67,523         8,919           (39)      62,291       90,151        291,346           30,264       1,561    611,301         2,427         3,979    617,707
Changes in equity for the year                 –              –      49,989         –          (712)          (27)       8,867         7,931        47,318            1,337      (2,254)   112,449           424          (226)   112,647
  (a) Net profit for the year                  –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –        97,342                –           –     97,342           383           234     97,959
  (b) Other comprehensive
       income for the year          16         –              –            –        –          (686)          (27)            –            –             –                –      (2,254)    (2,967)            (5)        (226)    (3,198)

Total comprehensive income for
  the year                                     –              –            –        –          (686)          (27)            –            –        97,342                –      (2,254)    94,375           378              8    94,761

  (c) Capital contribution from
       equity holders                          –              –      49,989         –              –            –             –            –             –                –           –     49,989           218              –    50,207
       (i) Non-controlling
             shareholders’
             contribution to
             non-wholly owned
             subsidiaries                      –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –             –                –           –          –           218              –      218
       (ii) Issue of perpetual
             bonds                46(b)        –              –      49,989         –              –            –             –            –             –                –           –     49,989              –             –    49,989
  (d) Profit appropriations                    –              –            –        –              –            –        8,867         7,931       (50,050)           1,337           –    (31,915)          (172)        (234)   (32,321)
       (i) Appropriations to
             statutory surplus
             reserve                50         –              –            –        –              –            –        8,867             –        (8,867)               –           –          –              –             –         –
       (ii) Appropriations to
             general reserve        51         –              –            –        –              –            –             –        7,931        (7,931)               –           –          –              –             –         –
       (iii) Dividends declared
             and paid for the
             year 2019                         –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –             –          (30,264)          –    (30,264)          (172)            –   (30,436)
       (iv) Distribution to
             perpetual debt
             capital                62         –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –             –                –           –          –              –         (234)      (234)
       (v) Proposed dividends
             for the year 2020                 –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –       (31,601)          31,601           –          –              –             –         –
       (vi) Dividends paid for
             preference shares                 –              –            –        –              –            –             –            –        (1,651)               –           –     (1,651)             –             –    (1,651)
  (e) Transfers within equity
       upon disposal of equity
       instruments designated
       at fair value through
       other comprehensive
       income                                  –              –            –        –           (26)            –             –            –            26                –           –          –              –             –         –

At 31 December 2020                       25,220        34,065       49,989    67,523         8,207           (66)      71,158       98,082        338,664           31,601        (693)   723,750         2,851         3,753    730,354

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
174   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2021
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                       2021          2020
      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                                        148,173       122,440
      Adjustments for:
        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                     37,020        46,882
        – Impairment losses on investments and other                                  29,335        18,143
        – Unwinding of discount on the allowances of loans and advances                 (247)         (186)
        – Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties             8,857         7,715
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          4,259         4,416
        – Amortisation of other assets                                                 1,389         1,364
        – Net gains on debt securities and equity investments                        (15,388)       (7,208)
        – Interest income on investments                                             (56,059)      (51,843)
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities                                  12,532        14,652
        – Share of profits of associates                                              (1,153)         (489)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                          (2,877)       (2,392)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets            (113)          (44)
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          555           596

      Changes in:
      Balances with central banks                                                    12,874       (23,480)
      Loans and advances to customers                                              (564,924)     (649,434)
      Other assets                                                                  (37,395)      (45,118)
      Deposits from customers                                                       718,742       783,914
      Amounts due to banks and other financial institutions                          73,321       223,568
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions with
        original maturity over 3 months                                               2,160         (8,766)
      Borrowing from central banks                                                 (170,100)       (26,909)
      Other liabilities                                                              16,596         45,151
      Cash generated from operating activities before income tax payment            217,557       452,972
      Income tax paid                                                                (35,509)      (31,644)
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                  182,048       421,328
      Investing activities
      Payment for the purchases of investments                                    (1,225,385)   (1,385,212)
      Proceeds from disposals and redemptions of investments                       1,160,739     1,104,070
      Investment income received                                                      71,197        58,038
      Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures       (5,342)       (1,460)
      Payment for the purchases of property and equipment and other assets           (24,160)      (19,125)
      Proceeds from the disposals of property and equipment and other assets           2,399         2,354
      Proceeds from the disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures          855           582
      Net cash used in investing activities                                          (19,697)    (240,753)

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                      175
Annual Report 2021


                                                                     Note       2021        2020
Financing activities
Proceeds from the issuance of negotiable interbank certificates of
  deposit                                                            55(b)    319,707     213,011
Proceeds from the issuance of certificates of deposit                55(b)     14,692      22,592
Proceeds from the issuance of debt securities                        55(b)     63,872      33,606
Proceeds from the issuance of perpetual bonds                                  42,989      49,989
Proceeds from non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                             –         218
Proceeds from other financing activities                             55(b)      6,860      14,417
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposit            55(b)   (226,012)   (413,820)
Repayment of certificates of deposit                                 55(b)    (21,363)    (28,992)
Repayment of debt securities                                         55(b)    (55,771)    (45,486)
Payment for lease liabilities                                        55(b)     (4,835)     (4,644)
Distribution paid on perpetual debt capital                                      (227)       (234)
Payment for dividends distribution                                            (31,845)    (30,436)
Distribution paid on preference shares                                         (1,638)     (1,651)
Distribution paid on perpetual bonds                                           (1,975)          –
Interest paid on financing activities                                         (11,398)    (19,490)
Payment for other financing activities                               55(b)     (3,697)       (867)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                        89,359     (211,787)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         251,710     (31,212)
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                    552,790     589,675
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (2,746)     (5,673)
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                          55(a)   801,754     552,790
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received                                                            269,081     255,854
Interest paid                                                                111,177     100,925

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
176   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


      1.       Organisation and principal activities
      (1)      Organisation
               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
               of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
               the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002. On 22 September 2006, the
               Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”).
               As at 31 December 2021, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in Mainland China, Hong Kong,
               New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has three representative offices in
               Beijing, New York and Taipei.



      (2)      Principal activities
               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



      2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      (1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
               Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
               and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
               also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



      (2)      Basis of measurement
               These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and unless otherwise stated, rounded to the nearest
               million. RMB is the functional currency of the domestic operations of the Group. The functional currencies of
               overseas branches and subsidiaries are determined in accordance with the primary economic environment in which
               they operate, and are translated into RMB for the preparation of these financial statements according to Note 4(16).
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period and the measurement principles as explained
               below.
               Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
               between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
               estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
               into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
               account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
               purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
               transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
               of IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
               realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   177
Annual Report 2021



2.    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
(2)   Basis of measurement (continued)
      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
      the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
      the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
      access at the measurement date;
      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
      liability, either directly or indirectly; and
      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
      The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
      estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
      income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
      other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
      making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
      sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
      the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
      Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
      financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future periods are discussed
      in Note 5.



3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs
      Amendments to IFRSs effective in the current year applied by the Group
      Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16             Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
      Amendment to IFRS 16                                                 COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions


      Impacts and accounting policies on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
      “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2”

      Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate benchmark
      reform
      For changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial liability to which
      the amortised cost measurement applies as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, the Group applies the
      practical expedient to account for these changes by updating the effective interest rate, such change in effective
      interest rate normally has no significant effect on the carrying amount of the relevant financial asset or financial
      liability.
178   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (Continued)
            Amendments to IFRSs effective in the current year applied by the Group (Continued)
            Impacts and accounting policies on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
            “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2” (Continued)

            Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate benchmark
            reform (Continued)
            A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate benchmark reform if
            and only if, both these conditions are met:
            •      the change is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and
            •      the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e.
                   the basis immediately preceding the change).


            Hedge accounting
            For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate benchmark
            reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the changes by the end of the
            reporting period during which the relevant changes were made. Such an amendment to the formal designation of
            the hedging relationship constitutes neither the discontinuation of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a
            new hedging relationship.


            Cash flows hedges
            When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by the interest
            rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to be based on the
            alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are determined.


            Transition and summary of effects
            The Group has financial instruments linked to London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) that are subject to interbank
            offered rates (IBOR) reform. These financial instruments mainly include loans and advances to customers and debt
            investments. The Group has gradually changed the interest rate benchmark for these financial instruments to other
            benchmark rates such as Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) or Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)
            in 2021. In order to reflect the changes that are required by the interest rate benchmark reform, the Group has
            recalculated the effective interest rate of the financial instruments whose change of future cash flow is necessary
            as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform, and used these effective interest rates as the basis of
            subsequent measurements. Such changes in effective interest rate have no significant impact on the consolidated
            financial statements.


            Impacts and accounting policies on application of Amendment to IFRS 16 “COVID-19-Related Rent
            Concessions”
            The amendment provides a practical expedient to COVID-19-related rent concessions if certain conditions are met.
            This amendment has no significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          179
Annual Report 2021



3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
      Standards and amendments that are issued but not yet effective and have not
      been adopted by the Group
                                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                               annual period
                                                                                               beginning on or after
      Amendment to IFRS 16                 COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond            1 April 2021
                                            30 June 2021

      Amendments to IFRS 3                 Reference to the Conceptual Framework               1 January 2022

      Amendments to IAS 16                 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before      1 January 2022
                                             Intended Use

      Amendments to IAS 37                 Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract   1 January 2022

      Amendments to IFRS Standards         Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards               1 January 2022
                                             2018-2020

      IFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments      1 January 2023

      Amendments to IAS 1                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or         1 January 2023
                                             Non-current

      Amendments to IAS 1 and              Disclosure of Accounting Policies                   1 January 2023
       IFRS Practice Statement 2

      Amendments to IAS 8                  Definition of Accounting Estimates                  1 January 2023

      Amendments to IAS 12                 Deferred Tax related to Assets and                  1 January 2023
                                             Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

      Amendments to IFRS10                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between              the date to be
       and IAS 28                            an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture      determined


      The new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned above are not expected to have material impact on the consolidated
      financial statements in the foreseeable future.
180   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies
      (1)   Business combination
            Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
            by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
            with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
            the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
            An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
            commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
            arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
            in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
            Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
            in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
            result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
            of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
            consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity holders
            of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
            the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
            holders of the Bank.
            Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
            transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
            consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
            or loss is recognised.
            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
            subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
            subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
            on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
            investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


            Business combinations or asset acquisitions
            Optional concentration test
            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
            simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities or assets is not a business. The concentration test is
            met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
            group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
            tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set
            of activities or assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.


            Asset acquisitions
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
            and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
            first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
            is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
            purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      181
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(1)   Business combination (continued)
      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
      Business combination
      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
      business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
      the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
      the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
      contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
      assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS
      12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits , respectively.
      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration transferred, the fair value of
      any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in
      the acquiree (if any) and (ii) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent
      liabilities incurred or assumed as at acquisition date.
      Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
      proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially recognised at either fair value or
      the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
      The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.



(2)   Joint ventures
      A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net
      assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
      Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
      about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
      When judging whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
      –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
      –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
             parties sharing control.
      The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
      year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
      ventures.
      Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
      of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
      Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
      assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
      the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
      The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
      impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
      and 4(11)).
      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
      recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
      ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
      substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
182   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (2)   Joint ventures (continued)
            Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
            to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
            impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and has no significant influence on it, it is
            accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
            the consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit
            or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value
            and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



      (3)   Associates
            Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control, including
            participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
            Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is
            not control or joint control of those policies.
            When judging whether there is any significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
            –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
            –      participation in policy-making processes;
            –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
            Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method.
            Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
            of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
            Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
            assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
            the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year,
            including any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see
            Notes 4(4) and 4(11)).
            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
            recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
            obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
            is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
            form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
            Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
            extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
            of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
            entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
            former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
            as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       183
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(4)   Goodwill
      Goodwill represents the excess of
      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
             based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
             held equity interests in the acquiree; over
      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
      When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
      purchase.
      Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
      to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
      combination and tested annually for impairment (see Note 4(11)).
      On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
      of the profit or loss on disposal.



(5)   Financial instruments
      Initial recognition
      A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
      equity instrument of another enterprise.
      All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
      way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
      established by regulation or convention in the market place.
      At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
      receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
      from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
      assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss)
      are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
      recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair
      value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
      and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
      rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
      received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
      through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
      net carrying amount on initial recognition. When determining the effective interest rate, the Group estimates the
      future cash flow on the basis of considering all contract terms of financial assets or financial liabilities, but does not
      consider the expected credit loss.


      Classification and measurement of financial assets
      The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
      assets at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
      fair value through profit or loss.
      Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
      •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
      •      the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
             of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
      Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
      comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
184   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                    cash flows and selling; and
            •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
            the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
            income (“OCI”).
            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
            •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
            •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                    together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
            •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
                    hedging instrument.
            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
            as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method, and the
            gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is calculated
            by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
            that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
            interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
            the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
            asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
            carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
            the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


            Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
            Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
            income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
            or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated under
            the heading of investment revaluation reserve. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding
            adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of debt instruments. The amounts that are recognised
            in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt instruments
            had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses
            previously recognised in investment revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     185
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
      At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-
      by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as at FVTOCI.
      Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently,
      they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and
      accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative
      gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
      retained earnings.
      Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
      to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
      investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


      Financial assets at FVTPL
      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
      FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
      loss includes fair value gains or losses, any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset, and is included in
      “other net income”.


      Impairment under ECL model
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
      are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments , including financial assets at amortised cost, debt
      instrument assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, leases receivable, loan commitments and
      financial guarantee contracts. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
      since initial recognition.
      The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
      represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
      months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
      events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
      to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
      as well as the forecast of future conditions.
      For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased
      significantly since initial recognition is performed at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether
      to recognise lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of these financial instruments does not increase significantly after
      the initial recognition, the Group makes provision for credit losses according to 12-month ECL; in the event of a
      significant increase in credit risk, the Group makes provision for the credit losses in accordance with the ECL for the
      entire duration.


      Significant increase in credit risk
      In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
      of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
      the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
      quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
      forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
      has increased significantly is detailed in Note 60(a).
186   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Impairment under ECL model (continued)
            Credit-impaired financial assets
            The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
            management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
            when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. The
            measurement and recognition of ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
            Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
            interest rate determined at initial recognition.
            For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
            measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases .
            For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
            debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
            the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
            that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
            For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
            are due to the Group:
            •       if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
            •       the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
            The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is recognised in profit or loss and
            accumulated in provisions. As for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
            accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets.
            The loss allowance for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is
            recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.


            Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL
            Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading or (ii) designated as at
            FVTPL.
            A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
            •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
            •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                    together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
            •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
                    hedging instrument.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                         187
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
      recognition if:
      •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
             otherwise arise; or
      •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
             and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
             management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis;
             or
      •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
             permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


      Other financial liabilities
      Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial liabilities formed by the transfer of financial assets that do not meet
      the conditions for derecognition or by continued involvement in transferred financial assets and financial liabilities,
      and financial guarantee contract, other financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost, which
      are subsequently measured at amortised cost and the gains or losses arising from derecognition or amortisation are
      included in the current profits and losses.


      Hedge accounting
      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge. The Group documents
      the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective
      and strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship. The Group also requires
      documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
      are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items attributable
      to the hedged risks.
      For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly probable, the
      Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-contractually
      specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.


      Cash flow hedge
      The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
      hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
      loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
      For the purpose of reclassifying the amount of gains and losses accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve in order
      to determine whether the hedged future cash flows are expected to occur, the Group assumes the interest rate
      benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as
      a result of interest rate benchmark reform.
      For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
      hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period during which the hedged cash
      flows affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
      criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
      transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
      no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss.
188   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Hedge effectiveness testing
            The Group has elected to adopt the general hedge accounting in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments . This requires the
            Group to ensure that hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy
            and to apply a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
            changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
            relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
                   and
            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
                   item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
                   to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
            risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
            ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
            In assessing the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, the Group assumes
            that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and/or the hedged risk (contractually or non-
            contractually specified) are based, or the interest rate benchmark on which the cash flows of the hedging instrument
            are based, is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.


            Specific items
            Cash equivalents
            Cash equivalents comprise investments that are short term, highly liquid, readily convertible into known amounts of
            cash and subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, and unrestricted balances with the central banks, banks
            and other financial institutions, and amounts held under resale agreements, with original maturity of 3 months or
            less.


            Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
            Banks refer to those approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other financial
            institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing companies
            which are registered with and under the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the
            “CBIRC”) and securities firms and investment fund companies which are registered with and under the supervision
            of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions are measured at
            amortised cost.


            Resale and repurchase agreements
            Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
            resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
            “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

            The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
            over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
            (as appropriate).
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     189
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Specific items (continued)
      Financial investments
      Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
      fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
      fair value option.


      Loans and advances to customers
      Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
      loans and advances to customers.
      Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or
      loss (loans and advances to customers at FVTPL), loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and
      advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances to customers at
      FVTOCI) in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value
      option.


      Derivative financial instruments
      The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
      option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own asset and liability management
      purposes. The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks to hedge against risks arising from derivative
      transactions undertaken for customers.
      Except for those used in cash flow hedge, derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value, with gains and
      losses arising recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. For those used in cash flow hedge, the
      gains and losses arising from the effective hedging portion are recognised in other comprehensive income.


      Embedded derivatives
      Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
      Instruments are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
      either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not
      financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments are treated as separate derivatives with the same
      terms when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those
      of the host contracts and the hybrid contracts are not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are
      measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying
      cash flow hedging relationship.


      Equity instruments
      The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
      shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
      instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
190   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Specific items (continued)
            Equity instruments (continued)
            A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
            (i)    the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
                   another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
                   are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
            (ii)   if the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
                   instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
                   equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
                   or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
            At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued or their
            components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
            substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            For perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued that classified as equity instruments, any distribution
            of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the perpetual bonds and
            perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redeemed amount is charged to equity. Relevant transaction expenses are
            deducted from equity.
            At initial recognition of preference shares, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
            as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
            considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
            When the Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument, fees, commissions and other transaction
            costs of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as
            profit distribution at the time of declaration.


            Derecognition of financial instruments
            (a)    Financial assets
                   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
                   is derecognised when:
                   •         the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
                   •         the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
                   •         has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                             in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                             Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or
                             the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                             the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
                   Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
                   to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
                   transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
                   asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
                   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
                   lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
                   could be required to repay.
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                   financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                   Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     191
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
      (b)    Securitisation
             As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises credit assets, generally through the sale of these
             assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
             be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
             When applying the policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree of
             transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised by the
             Group over the transferred financial assets:
             •         when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                       the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
             •         when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                       the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
             •         when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                       of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                       assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                       separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                       Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                       continuing involvement in the financial assets.
             When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
             not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
             When the securitisation results in derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets, the Group
             allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
             and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. Gains or losses on
             securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
             of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
             be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.


      (c)    Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
             Derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic substance
             of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially
             the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not derecognise
             the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset at its fair value
             at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will derecognise the
             financial asset.


      (d)    Financial liabilities
             A financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised when the obligation under the liability (or part of it) is
             discharged, cancelled or expired.


      Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
      position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle
      on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
192   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (6)   Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
            Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
            accumulated impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where
            the fair value of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of
            the lease and the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over the following
            estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:
            Land and buildings                                                                                            20 years

            Investment properties                                                                                         20 years

            Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

            Leasehold improvements (leased property)                                                                       3 years

            Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                 the estimated useful lives

            Aircraft, vessels and professional equipment                                                   no more than 25 years

            Motor vehicles and other                                                                                   3 – 5 years
            Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
            comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
            of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
            in progress.
            Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
            probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
            expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
            Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
            between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment and investment property,
            and are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



      (7)   Repossessed assets
            In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
            court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Repossessed assets other than equity
            instrument are reported in “other assets”.
            Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in Note 4(5).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    193
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(8)   Intangible assets
      Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
      accumulated impairment losses (see Note 4(11)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged
      to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
      Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
      intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of the reporting period.
      The amortisation period of intangible assets is as follows:
      Software and Other                                             Core deposit
      2 – 20 years                                                   28 years


      Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.



(9)   Leases
      Definition of a lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
      period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
      the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
      terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


      As a lessee
      (a)    Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
             For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
             the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
             stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


      (b)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
             The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
             arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
             do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is equivalent to below
             RMB35,000).
             Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
             line basis over the lease term.


      (c)    Right-of-use assets
             The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
             The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
             •         the amount of the initial measurement lease liability;
             •         any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
             •         any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
             •         whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                       site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                       conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                       Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those
                       costs are incurred to produce inventories.
194   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)   Leases (continued)
            As a lessee (continued)
            (c)    Right-of-use assets (continued)
                   After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
                   less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.
                   The Group recognises the depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line basis.
                   Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying
                   asset. If a lease transfers the ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects
                   that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
                   useful life of the underlying asset.
                   Accounting policy for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(11).


            (d)    Leasehold land and building
                   For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
                   property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
                   reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
                   for as investment properties.


            (e)    Lease liabilities
                   Lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                   Lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                   commencement date using lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
                   Lease payments refer to the payment made by the lessee to the lessor in connection with the right to use
                   the leased assets during the lease term. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
                   comprise:
                   •         fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
                   •         variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                             the commencement date;
                   •         the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
                   •         payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                             terminate the lease; and
                   •         the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
                   After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability according to the present value
                   calculated by the revised lease payment amount and the revised discount rate and makes a corresponding
                   adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever:
                   •         the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                             which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                             discount rate; or
                   •         the lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                             under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                             the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                             from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                             changes in the interest rate.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      195
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(9)   Leases (continued)
      As a lessor
      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
      transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
      All other leases are classified as operating leases.
      Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
      in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
      income under finance leases are amortised using the effective interest method over the lease term. Accounting
      policy for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).
      When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating lease is recognised in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
      incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
      in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
      profit or loss in the accounting period in which it is incurred.
      When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.


      As a buyer-lessor in a sale and leaseback transactions
      For a transfer of asset that does not meet the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      to account for a sale of asset, the Group acting as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and
      recognises loan and advance to customers at an amount that equals the transfer proceed within the scope of IFRS 9
      Financial Instruments .


(10) Insurance contracts
      Insurance contracts classification
      Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant insurance risk, relative to an
      insured event or occurrence. When necessary, the Group enters into reinsurance contracts to transfer insurance risks
      to reinsurer. A significant insurance risk test is performed at inception of the insurance contracts.


      Insurance income recognition
      Premiums from long-term life insurance contracts are recognised as revenue when due from policy holders.
      Premiums related to short-term non-life insurance contracts are recognised when received at the inception of the
      policy, as unearned insurance premiums in liabilities, and are amortised on a straight-line basis into the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss over the term of the policy. When the Group has transferred insurance risk through
      reinsurance contracts, the Group calculates the amount of premium ceded and the reinsurers’ share of expenses
      and recognises them through the consolidated statement of profit or loss in accordance with the terms of the
      reinsurance contracts.


      Insurance contract liabilities
      Insurance contract liabilities are measured based on a reasonable estimate of the amount of payments that the
      Group will be required to make to fulfill its obligations under the insurance contracts, which represents the
      difference between expected future cash outflows and inflows related to such contracts. A reasonable estimate of
      expected future net cash flows is determined based on information currently available as at the end of the reporting
      period.
      The Group has considered the impact of time value in the liability calculation for long-term life insurance. The
      Group performs liability adequacy tests based on information currently available as at the reporting date. Additional
      insurance contract liabilities should be recorded if any deficiency exists.
196   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (11) Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under
           ECL model
            The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets including property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
            intangible assets, investment properties, interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, goodwill and other non-
            current assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the
            carrying amount. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount. The
            amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount
            of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future expected cash flows. In
            assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.
            Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify any
            indications that other assets may be impaired.
            If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
            that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
            estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


            –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                   The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value less disposal
                   expense and the present value of future cash flows. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
                   are discounted to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                   of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
                   largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group
                   of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


            –      Recognition of impairment losses
                   An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
                   amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
                   Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                   amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                   carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                   carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
                   if determinable.



      (12) Precious metals
            Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost
            and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals that are related to the
            Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
            recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      197
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(13) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
      Financial guarantees issued
      Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
      reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
      make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
      issued is confirmed in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with accounting policy set out
      in Note 4(5).


      Provisions and contingent liabilities
      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
      obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
      required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
      provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
      reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
      remote.



(14) Income recognition
      Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
      increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


      Net interest income
      Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
      “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
      on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
      is recognised in “Other net income”.


      Dividend income
      Dividend income from investments is recognised when the dividend is declared and approved by the investee.


      Rental income
      Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-
      line method over the lease term.


      Premium income
      Premium income represents gross insurance premium written less reinsurance ceded, as adjusted for unearned
      premium. Gross premiums written are recognised at date of risk inception.
198   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (14) Income recognition (continued)
            Fee and commission income
            Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance
            obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
            is transferred to the customer.
            A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
            of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
            obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
            price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
            at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
            to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
            techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
            consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
            to the customer.
            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
            be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
            better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The estimated amount of variable
            consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion
            will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable
            consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated
            transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained)
            to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
            during the reporting period.
            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
            satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                   Group performs;
            •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;
                   or
            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                   an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
            Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
            If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress towards
            complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
            obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
            of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
            promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    199
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(14) Income recognition (continued)
      Fee and commission income (continued)
      If revenue is recognised at a point in time, the Group recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control
      of the distinct good or service. To determine the point in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised
      service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should also be considered. They include, but are not
      limited to:
      •      the Group has a present right to payment for the goods or services;
      •      the Group has transferred physical possession of the goods;
      •      the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
      •      the customer has accepted the goods or services.
      When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
      nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
      principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
      The Group is a principal if it can control the goods or service before transferring it to customers. The Group is an
      agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service by another party.
      In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another party before that goods
      or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount
      of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
      services to be provided by the other party.
      A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
      transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional
      right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
      has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



(15) Taxation
      Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
      equity.
      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
      enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
      the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
      Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. The amount of deferred tax provided is
      based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
      rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
      discounted.
      A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
      against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
      that the related tax benefit will be realised.
      The Group shall recognise a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with investments
      in subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures that both of the following conditions are satisfied: the
      temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future; and it is probably to obtain the taxable
      income used to offset the deductible temporary difference in the future. The Group shall recognise a deferred tax
      liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates
      and joint ventures, except where both of the following conditions are satisfied: the investor is able to control the
      timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
      in the foreseeable future.
200   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (15) Taxation (continued)
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
            and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
            deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
            •      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
                   the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
            •      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                   authority on either:
                   –         the same taxable entity; or
                   –         different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                             liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                             settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



      (16) Foreign currencies translations
            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
            entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
            transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
            at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
            currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items
            that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
            Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
            •      exchange differences on transactions entered into as part of the effective portion of a hedge on certain
                   foreign currency risks; or
            •      exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which
                   settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
                   operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit
                   or loss on repayment of the monetary items.
            For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
            foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
            period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
            fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
            Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
            reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
            On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
            of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    201
Annual Report 2021



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(17) Employee benefits
      Salaries and staff welfare
      Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
      employees.


      Post-employment benefits
      The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
      provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
      jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
      The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
      the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
      and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
      The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
      credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
      the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in
      future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any
      applicable minimum funding requirements.
      Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
      assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
      in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
      liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
      beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
      in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
      interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss.
      When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
      past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
      and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


      Share-based payment
      The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
      Senior Management (“the Scheme”), which is settled in cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured at
      the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the price of the share. The
      Group recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability,
      at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end
      of each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value
      of the liability at each reporting period end and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised
      in profit or loss for the period.
      The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
      condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
202   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (18) Related parties
            For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the
            Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party
            in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to control,
            common control or common significant influence (except that the Group and the party are subject to common
            significant influence of the other party). Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management
            personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which
            are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-
            employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related
            party of the Group.



      (19) Segmental reporting
            Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
            identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
            the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
            geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
            unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
            services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
            products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
            individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



      (20) Fiduciary activities
            The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
            and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
            financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
            commission.



      (21) Dividends or profit distributions
            Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.



      (22) General reserve
            According to the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Finance, in addition to the impairment allowances, the
            Bank maintains a general reserve according to a certain proportion of the balance of risk assets to make up for
            unidentified potential losses. The general reserve is treated as profit distribution and is an integral part of equity.
            In principle, the balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. The
            general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according
            to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    203
Annual Report 2021



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements, changes in
      accounting estimates
      In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
      of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
      assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
      historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
      and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
      policies.



(1)   Control over structured entity
      Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgement on whether it is the
      principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
      When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among others, the scope of its
      decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
      is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
      variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



(2)   Classification of financial assets
      Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets of the Group involves significant
      judgement on business model. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
      financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. Specific considerations include how
      the performance of the assets is evaluated and measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
      how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated.



(3)   Derecognition of financial assets transferred
      In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
      including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
      Group applies significant judgement and estimate in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets and
      qualified for a full derecognition.
      Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
      Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
      that it controls these structured entities and the Group needs to consolidate them. This will determine whether the
      following derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the
      financial assets are transferred.
      The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
      derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
      •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
             qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;
      •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
             Significant judgement and estimate is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before
             and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of the Group’s assessment on the extent
             that risks and rewards are transferred.
204   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements, changes in
            accounting estimates (continued)
      (4)   Impairment under ECL model
            •      Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
                   or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
                   significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly
                   increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward
                   looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.
            •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
                   basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)
                   for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
                   credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
                   in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
                   assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
                   reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to lifetime
                   ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue
                   to be measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the
                   credit risk of the portfolios differ.
            •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement
                   is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the
                   assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. Refer to
                   Note 60(a)(iii)for more details on ECL.
            •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward
                   looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
                   and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.
            •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
                   of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
                   expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii) for more details.
            •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
                   between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
                   account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.
            •      Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic, there is higher risk that a
                   prolonged pandemic could lead to increased credit default rates. The Group considered the impact of
                   COVID-19 in the ECL model which are disclosed in Note 60(a)(iv).
            In 2021, in order to increase the Group’s resilience and guard itself against losses, the Group refined and optimised
            the measurement system of loss allowance for financial instruments in the principle of prudence and robustness.
            The Group made a change in ECL accounting estimate as of 30 June 2021, and such change in accounting estimate
            was mainly about enhancing the risk differentiation of the model in order to optimise the fineness and foresight
            of loss allowance for financial instruments. Among which, when determining whether there is any significant
            increase in credit risk, the application of early warning signal is further deepened; when considering forward-looking
            information, the macroeconomic index database is expanded; in terms of the classification of risk characteristics,
            the reference index of grouping is optimised. The change in accounting estimate resulted in an increase in the
            Group’s loss allowance by RMB692 million as at 31 December 2021, and a decrease in the Group’s profit before
            taxation by RMB692 million in 2021 compared with those under the previous ECL estimates. In 2021, the expected
            credit losses of the Group were RMB65,962 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.68%. The change in
            accounting estimate has no significant impact on the net profit, total assets and net assets of the Group in current
            period. The change in accounting estimate is applied prospectively for future periods, and do not require to adjust
            the announced financial reports retrospectively. Therefore, the change will not have any impact on the consolidated
            financial conditions and consolidated operating results of the Group in previous periods.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  205
Annual Report 2021



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements, changes in
      accounting estimates (continued)
(5)   Fair value of financial instruments
      For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
      instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
      market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis or
      option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed by
      qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the business unit that constructed
      the valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are
      calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group
      make the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it
      should be noted that some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management
      estimates. Whilst the Group considers these valuations are the best estimates, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has
      resulted in greater market volatility and may cause further disruptions to the investees’/issuer’s businesses, which
      have led to higher degree of uncertainties in respect of the valuations in the current year. Management estimates
      and assumptions are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is measured using third party
      information such as broker quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate the evidence obtained from
      third party to support the conclusion that the relevant valuation meets the requirements of IFRS, including the
      category of the relevant valuation at the appropriate level in the fair value hierarchy.



(6)   Income taxes
      Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
      Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
      treatment of such transactions is reviewed periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred
      tax assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
      assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
      which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future
      taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if
      it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.



(7)   Impairment of goodwill
      The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
      that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU or
      group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make
      an estimate of the expected future cash flows from CGU or group of CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount
      rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
      expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
      revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise. Furthermore, the estimated
      cash flows and discount rate are subject to higher degree of estimation uncertainties due to the COVID-19 pandemic
      and volatility in financial markets.
206   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      6.    Interest income
                                                                                                                         2021                       2020
            Loans and advances to customers                                                                          250,662                    236,104
              – Corporate loans                                                                                       80,575                     80,575
              – Retail loans                                                                                         159,124                    147,704
              – Discounted bills                                                                                      10,963                      7,825
            Balances with central banks                                                                                7,792                      7,475
            Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                         902                      1,695
            Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                     5,526                      5,906
            Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                       6,115                      4,402
            Financial investments                                                                                     56,059                     51,843
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                            15,875                     14,023
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                    40,184                     37,820
            Total                                                                                                    327,056                    307,425

            Note:   The Group recognised an interest income of RMB12,337 million on loans and advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive
                    income (2020: RMB9,175 million).




      7.    Interest expense
                                                                                                                         2021                       2020
            Deposits from customers                                                                                    84,332                     83,252
            Borrowing from central banks                                                                                7,635                      8,413
            Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                       11,993                      9,961
            Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                      3,519                      3,750
            Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                    2,571                      1,770
            Debt securities issued                                                                                     12,532                     14,652
            Lease liabilities                                                                                             555                        596
            Total                                                                                                    123,137                    122,394




      8.    Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                         2021                       2020
            Commissions from wealth management                                                                         35,841                     27,783
            Commissions from asset management                                                                          10,856                      6,892
            Bank cards fees                                                                                            19,377                     19,551
            Clearing and settlement fees                                                                               13,902                     12,651
            Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                     6,321                      6,191
            Commissions on custodian business                                                                           5,433                      4,253
            Other                                                                                                      10,588                      9,363
            Total                                                                                                    102,318                      86,684

            In 2021, the Group adjusted the disclosure of fee and commission income by regrouping the components that
            were previously included in “Agent service fees”, “Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities” and “Other”,
            and present them under the category of wealth management, asset management, custodian business and other.
            The comparative figures were restated accordingly. After the adjustments, commissions from wealth management
            contain agency funds income, agency insurance income, agency trust schemes income, agency wealth management
            income, agency securities transaction income and agency precious metal income; commissions from asset
            management contain income from issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds,
            wealth management products, asset management schemes, etc.; commissions on custodian business contain income
            obtained from providing basic services and value-added services of custody assets; other items contain bond and
            equity underwriting income, credit asset securitisation service fee income, consulting income and other intermediary
            business income.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                        207
Annual Report 2021



9.    Other net income
                                                                                                                  2021                       2020
      Profit/(loss) from fair value change                                                                          92                     (1,660)
        – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                               544                     (2,099)
        – derivatives instruments                                                                                   12                         48
        – precious metals                                                                                         (464)                       391
      Investment income                                                                                         17,822                     16,281
        – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                        14,839                     13,400
        – loss on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                                  (657)                      (273)
        – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                         3,516                      2,970
           – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                 2,434                      1,660
        – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                              74                        175
        – other                                                                                                     50                          9
      Foreign exchange gain                                                                                      3,351                      2,202
      Other income                                                                                               6,868                      5,708
        – rental income                                                                                          6,415                      5,278
        – insurance income                                                                                         453                        430
      Other                                                                                                        878                        350
      Total                                                                                                     29,011                     22,881




10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                  2021                       2020
      Staff costs                                                                                               66,028                     57,040
        – Salaries and bonuses                                                                                  51,031                     43,257
        – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                  8,011                      6,048
        – Other                                                                                                  6,986                      7,735
      Tax and surcharges                                                                                         2,772                      2,478
      Depreciation of property, equipment and investment properties                                              8,857                      7,715
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                          1,153                      1,188
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        4,259                      4,416
      Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense                                             250                        292
      Charge for insurance claims                                                                                  311                        296
      Other general and administrative expenses (note (i))                                                      33,249                     29,389
      Total                                                                                                   116,879                    102,814

      Note:

      (i)     Auditors’ remuneration amounting to RMB29 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: RMB28 million) is included in other general
              and administrative expenses.
208   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
            The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows:
                                                                                       2021
                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                    allowances                        Retirement
                                                     Directors’    and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                          fees          in kind          bonuses    contributions            Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                              (i)
            Executive directors
            Tian Huiyu                                        –           4,158                –              40             4,198
            Wang Liang                                        –           3,302                –              40             3,342
            Subtotal                                          –           7,460                –              80             7,540
            The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
            affairs of the Bank and the Group.
            Non-executive directors
            Miao Jianmin                                     –                 –                –               –                –
            Fu Gangfeng                                      –                 –                –               –                –
            Zhou Song                                        –                 –                –               –                –
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                    –                 –                –               –                –
            Zhang Jian                                       –                 –                –               –                –
            Su Min                                           –                 –                –               –                –
            Wang Daxiong                                     –                 –                –               –                –
            Luo Sheng                                        –                 –                –               –                –
            Subtotal                                          –                –               –                –                –
            The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
            Independent non-executive
               directors and supervisors
            Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –               –               500
            Li Menggang                                     500                –               –               –               500
            Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –               –               500
            Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –               –               500
            Li Chaoxian (ii)                                183                –               –               –               183
            Shi Yongdong (ii)                               183                –               –               –               183
            Xiong Liangjun (iii)                               –          3,164                –              48             3,212
            Peng Bihong                                        –               –               –               –                 –
            Wu Heng                                            –               –               –               –                 –
            Guo Xikun (iv)                                     –               –               –               –                 –
            Ding Huiping                                    400                –               –               –               400
            Han Zirong                                      400                –               –               –               400
            Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –               –               400
            Wang Wanqing                                       –          2,747                –              48             2,795
            Cai Jin (v)                                        –            123                –              48               171
            Subtotal                                      3,566           6,034                –             144             9,744
            The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
            employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                    209
Annual Report 2021



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                          2021
                                                                                  Salaries,
                                                                               allowances                                  Retirement
                                                             Directors’       and benefits          Discretionary              scheme
                                                                  fees             in kind                bonuses        contributions                 Total
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                               (i)
      Former executive, non-executive
        directors and supervisors
      Liu Jianjun (vi)                                                 –                 1,373                      –                   19                1,392
      Leung Kam Chung, Antony (ii)                                   317                     –                      –                    –                  317
      Zhao Jun (ii)                                                  317                     –                      –                    –                  317
      Liu Yuan (vii)                                                   –                 2,368                      –                   31                2,399
      Wen Jianguo (viii)                                               –                     –                      –                    –                    –
      Liu Xiaoming (ix)                                                –                 1,979                      –                   48                2,027
      Subtotal                                                       634                 5,720                      –                   98                6,452
      The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
      directors or supervisors of the Bank.
      Total                                           4,200           19,214             –             322            23,736

      Notes:

      (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
               remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

      (ii)     In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 annual general meeting of the Bank, Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi
               Yongdong were elected as the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Bank, whose qualifications as the Independent Non-Executive
               Directors were approved by the CBIRC in August 2021. At the same time, Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun ceased to be the
               Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Bank due to the expiry of their appointments.

      (iii)    In August 2021, Mr. Xiong Liangjun was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the staff congress of the Bank. According to the
               resolutions passed at the 21st meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank, Mr. Xiong Liangjun was elected as the
               Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank.

      (iv)     In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 annual general meeting of the Bank, Mr. Guo Xikun was elected as the
               Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank.

      (v)      In December 2021, Ms. Cai Jin was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the staff congress of the Bank.

      (vi)     In May 2021, Mr. Liu Jianjun ceased to be the Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Bank
               due to change of work arrangement.

      (vii)    In August 2021, Mr. Liu Yuan ceased to be the Chairman of Board of Supervisors and Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work
               arrangement.

      (viii)   In April 2021, Mr. Wen Jianguo ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

      (ix)     In December 2021, Mr. Liu Xiaoming ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

      (x)      As of 31 December 2021, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. Details of the Scheme are set
               out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
210   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                       2020
                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances                        Retirement
                                                      Directors’    and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                            fees         in kind         bonuses     contributions            Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (i)
            Executive directors
            Tian Huiyu                                        –           4,158            1,766               40            5,964
            Liu Jianjun                                       –           3,024            1,284               43            4,351
            Wang Liang                                        –           3,024            1,284               40            4,348
            Subtotal                                          –          10,206            4,334              123           14,663
            The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
            affairs of the Bank and the Group.
            Non-executive directors
            Miao Jianmin(ii)                                 –                 –                –               –                 –
            Fu Gangfeng                                      –                 –                –               –                 –
            Zhou Song                                        –                 –                –               –                 –
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                    –                 –                –               –                 –
            Zhang Jian                                       –                 –                –               –                 –
            Su Min                                           –                 –                –               –                 –
            Wang Daxiong                                     –                 –                –               –                 –
            Luo Sheng                                        –                 –                –               –                 –
            Subtotal                                          –                –                –               –                 –
            The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
            Independent non-executive
               directors and supervisors
            Leung Kam Chung, Antony                         500                –               –                –              500
            Zhao Jun                                        500                –               –                –              500
            Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –                –              500
            Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                –              500
            Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                –              500
            Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                –              500
            Liu Yuan                                           –          3,402            1,445               43            4,890
            Peng Bihong                                        –               –               –                –                –
            Wen Jianguo                                        –               –               –                –                –
            Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                –                –
            Ding Huiping                                    400                –               –                –              400
            Han Zirong                                      400                –               –                –              400
            Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                –              400
            Wang Wanqing                                       –          2,742                –               43            2,785
            Liu Xiaoming                                       –          1,996                –               43            2,039
            Subtotal                                      4,200           8,140            1,445              129           13,914
            The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
            employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                             211
Annual Report 2021



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                     2020
                                                                                 Salaries,
                                                                              allowances                               Retirement
                                                           Directors’        and benefits        Discretionary             scheme
                                                                 fees             in kind             bonuses        contributions                Total
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                            (i)
      Former executive, non-executive
         directors and supervisors
      Li Jianhong(iii)                                                –                   –                    –                    –                   –
      Subtotal                                                        –                   –                    –                    –                   –
      The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
      directors or supervisors of the Bank.
      Total                                           4,200           18,346         5,779             252            28,577

      Notes:

      (i)      On 29 September 2021, the Board of Directors approved the discretionary bonuses of the Bank’s directors, supervisors and executive officers
               for 2020.

      (ii)     In September 2020, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of the Bank, Mr. Miao Jianmin
               was elected as the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Bank, whose qualifications as the Director and the Chairman were approved by
               the CBIRC on 24 September 2020.

      (iii)    In September 2020, Mr. Li Jianhong ceased to be the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

      (iv)     As of 31 December 2020, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
               Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 39 (a)(iii).

      During the year of 2021 and 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors
      or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
      During the year of 2021 and 2020, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived or
      agreed to waive any remuneration.



12. Five highest paid individuals
      Of the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2021, three (2020: four) were directors or
      supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments were included in Note 11 above. The aggregate emolument of the
      remaining two (2020: three) highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank is as
      follows:
                                                                                                                      2021                       2020
                                                                                                                   RMB'000                    RMB'000
      Salaries and other emoluments                                                                                   6,048                       9,072
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                                               –                       3,852
      Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                                           85                         123
      Total                                                                                                           6,133                      13,047

      The top five highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments fell
      within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                                       2021                        2020
      HKD
      3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                                 2                           –
      4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                                 –                           –
      4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                                 –                           –
      5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                                                 –                           3

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the five highest paid individuals included five persons in total, two of
      them were with the same emoluments and being the fourth highest paid individuals.
      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the five highest paid individuals included seven persons in total, two of
      them were with the same emoluments and being the third highest paid individuals, three of them were with the
      same emoluments and being the fourth highest paid individuals.
212   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
            Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                                              2021                2020
            Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group outstanding at
              year end                                                                                                           61                  54
            Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
              outstanding during the year                                                                                        66                  59




      14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                              2021                2020
            Loans and advances to customers                                                                                37,020                46,882
              – Loans and advances at amortised cost (Note 22(c)(i))                                                       35,678                46,983
              – Loans and advances at FVTOCI (Note 22(c)(ii))                                                               1,342                  (101)
            Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                         6,110                   307
            Financial investments                                                                                          15,848                15,367
              – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                                                       13,201                13,875
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                                                                 2,647                 1,492
            Financial guarantees and loan commitments                                                                       5,639                 2,147
            Other                                                                                                           1,345                   168
            Total                                                                                                          65,962                64,871




      15. Income tax
      (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                              2021                2020
            Current income tax expense                                                                                     38,141                31,646
              – Mainland China                                                                                             37,222                30,574
              – Hong Kong                                                                                                     767                   960
              – Overseas                                                                                                      152                   112
            Deferred taxation                                                                                             (10,802)               (7,165)
            Total                                                                                                          27,339                24,481



      (b)   A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                              2021                2020
            Profit before taxation                                                                                       148,173                122,440
            Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2020: 25%)                                                   37,043                 30,610
            Tax effects of the following items:
              – Effects of non-deductible expenses                                                                          1,392                   914
              – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                             (12,603)              (10,568)
              – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions                                                 (258)                 (458)
              – Transfer out of previously recognised deferred tax assets                                                   1,716                 4,055
              – Other                                                                                                          49                   (72)
            Income tax expense                                                                                             27,339                24,481

            Note:

            (i)     Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                213
Annual Report 2021



16. Other comprehensive income
(a)   Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                          2021                                           2020
                                                         Before-tax    Tax benefit/     Net-of-tax    Before-tax     Tax benefit/     Net-of-tax
                                                           amount        (expense)        amount        amount         (expense)        amount
      Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss       8,382          (2,526)         5,856        (4,379)                657      (3,722)
         – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt
             instruments measured at FVTOCI                  5,675          (1,519)         4,156        (3,717)                988      (2,729)
         – Net changes in expected credit losses of
             debt instruments measured at FVTOCI             4,060          (1,024)         3,036         1,391             (337)         1,054
         – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve              88              17            105           (33)               6            (27)
         – Share of other comprehensive income from
             equity-accounted investees                        133                 –          133           463                   –         463
         – Exchange difference on translation
             of financial statements of foreign
             operations                                      (1,574)               –        (1,574)      (2,483)                  –      (2,483)
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently
         to profit or loss                                   1,176               157        1,333           677             (153)           524
         – Net fair value gain on equity instruments
             designated at FVTOCI                            1,158               160        1,318           625             (144)           481
         – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme              18                (3)          15            52               (9)            43
      Other comprehensive income                             9,558          (2,369)         7,189        (3,702)                504      (3,198)



(b)   Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
      follows:
                                                                                                               2021                      2020
      Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at FVTOCI
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                      6,793                       (502)
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit
          or loss upon disposal                                                                              (2,637)                   (2,227)
      Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
        recognised in other comprehensive income                                                              4,156                    (2,729)
      Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments measured at
        FVTOCI
        Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                          3,036                     1,054
      Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
        recognised in other comprehensive income                                                              3,036                     1,054
      Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                      1,318                        481
      Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
        recognised in other comprehensive income                                                              1,318                        481
      Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve
        Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                           74                     (36)
          Reclassification adjustment for realised gain to profit or loss                                           31                       9
      Net movement in hedging reserve during the year recognised in other
        comprehensive income                                                                                       105                     (27)
214   China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      17. Earnings per share
            The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
            Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year. As there were no diluted potential ordinary
            shares for the years of 2021 and 2020, there was no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share for
            both years.
                                                                                                                                2021                         2020
            Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                           119,922                       97,342
            Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                             (1,638)                      (1,651)
                  Net profit attributable to holders of perpetual bonds                                                      (1,975)                           –
            Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                    116,309                       95,691
            Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million shares)                                                   25,220                       25,220
            Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)                                                                 4.61                         3.79

            Note:

            The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017 and non-cumulative perpetual bonds in 2020 and 2021. For the purpose of calculating basic
            earnings per share, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares and interests on non-cumulative perpetual bonds declared during the year should be
            deducted from the amounts attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

            The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
            as of 31 December 2021 and 2020. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation for
            both years.




      18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                                2021                         2020
            Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                            484,878                      472,566
            Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                              65,819                       47,472
            Fiscal deposits                                                                                                   2,958                        5,080
            Interest receivable                                                                                                 243                          240
            Total                                                                                                           553,898                      525,358

            Notes:

            (i)      The Group places statutory deposit reserves with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and overseas central banks where it has operations.
                     The statutory deposit reserves are not available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions
                     located in Mainland China are calculated at 8% and 9% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December
                     2021 (31 December 2020: 9% and 5% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits
                     from government authorities and other organisations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and
                     RMB deposits placed by financial institutions outside Mainland China. The amounts of statutory deposit reserves placed with the central banks
                     of overseas countries are determined by local jurisdictions.

            (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Mainland China are mainly for clearing and settlement
                     purposes.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                        215
Annual Report 2021



19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                  2021       2020
      Principal (a)                                              80,664    103,448
      Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                 (378)      (277)
      Subtotal                                                   80,286    103,171
      Interest receivable                                            64        164
      Total                                                      80,350    103,335



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                  2021       2020
      Balances in Mainland China                                 37,453     56,811
        – Banks                                                  35,620     55,117
        – Other financial institutions                            1,833      1,694
      Balances outside Mainland China                            43,211     46,637
        – Banks                                                  41,430     45,942
        – Other financial institutions                            1,781        695
      Total                                                      80,664    103,448
      Less: Impairment allowances                                  (378)      (277)
        – Banks                                                    (329)      (265)
        – Other financial institutions                              (49)       (12)
      Net carrying amount                                        80,286    103,171



(b)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                  2021       2020
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                      277         372
      Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      109         (93)
      Exchange difference                                           (8)         (2)
      Balance as at the end of the year                            378         277
216   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2021       2020
            Principal (a)                                              196,351    226,516
            Impairment allowances (a)(c)                                (2,860)      (376)
            Subtotal                                                   193,491    226,140
            Interest receivable                                           930         779
            Total                                                      194,421    226,919



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2021       2020
            Placements in Mainland China                               127,959    136,551
              – Banks                                                   19,213     27,637
              – Other financial institutions                           108,746    108,914
            Placements outside Mainland China                           68,392     89,965
              – Banks                                                   68,102     89,965
              – Other financial institutions                               290          –
            Total                                                      196,351    226,516
            Less: Impairment allowances                                 (2,860)      (376)
              – Banks                                                     (136)      (145)
              – Other financial institutions                            (2,724)      (231)
            Net carrying amount                                        193,491    226,140



      (b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                         2021       2020
            Maturing
             – Within one month (inclusive)                             66,842     96,002
             – Between one month and one year (inclusive)              115,906    125,969
             – Over one year                                            10,743      4,169
            Total                                                      193,491    226,140



      (c)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2021       2020
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                        376        338
            Charge for the year (note 14)                                2,481         53
            Exchange difference                                              3        (15)
            Balance as at the end of the year                            2,860        376
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                            217
Annual Report 2021



21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                      2021       2020
      Principal (a)                                                 528,564    286,879
      Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                   (4,263)      (743)
      Subtotal                                                      524,301    286,136
      Interest receivable                                              300         126
      Total                                                         524,601    286,262



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                      2021       2020
      Amounts held under resale agreements in Mainland China        528,447    286,382
       – Banks                                                       60,323     29,227
       – Other financial institutions                               468,124    257,155
      Amounts held under resale agreements outside Mainland China       117        497
       – Other financial institutions                                   117        497
      Total                                                         528,564    286,879
      Less: Impairment allowances                                    (4,263)      (743)
        – Banks                                                        (175)      (185)
        – Other financial institutions                               (4,088)      (558)
      Net carrying amount                                           524,301    286,136



(b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                      2021       2020
      Maturing
       – Within one month (inclusive)                               524,301    279,446
       – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                       –      6,690
      Total                                                         524,301    286,136



(c)   Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                      2021       2020
      Bonds                                                         522,202    278,817
      Bills                                                           2,099      7,319
      Total                                                         524,301    286,136



(d)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                      2021       2020
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                           743        396
      Charge for the year (note 14)                                   3,520        347
      Balance as at the end of the year                               4,263        743
218   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      22. Loans and advances to customers
      (a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                2021                2020
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)        5,075,052            4,647,140
              Interest receivable                                                             10,548                9,528
              Subtotal                                                                     5,085,600            4,656,668
              Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised
                     cost (i)                                                               (244,523)            (234,426)
                    Loss allowances of interest receivable                                      (971)                 (96)
              Subtotal                                                                      (245,494)            (234,522)
              Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                            4,840,106            4,422,146
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                 488,004              375,359
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                   7,281                6,856
              Total                                                                        5,335,391            4,804,361



      (i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                                2021                2020
              Corporate loans and advances                                                 2,087,247            1,965,980
              Retail loans and advances                                                    2,987,791            2,681,160
              Discounted bills                                                                    14                    –
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost            5,075,052            4,647,140
              Less: Loss allowances                                                         (244,523)            (234,426)
                    – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                (169,347)            (159,918)
                    – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                             (32,007)             (27,401)
                    – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                 (43,169)             (47,107)
              Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost              4,830,529            4,412,714



      (ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                                2021                2020
              Corporate loans and advances                                                    56,713              44,623
              Discounted bills                                                               431,291             330,736
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                      488,004             375,359
              Loss allowances                                                                 (1,581)               (238)
                    – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                  (1,289)               (226)
                    – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                (292)                (12)
                    – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                       –                   –

              No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
              customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                                2021                2020
              Corporate loans and advances                                                     6,978                6,629
              Interest receivable                                                                303                  227
              Total                                                                            7,281                6,856
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                     219
Annual Report 2021



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)   Analysis of loans and advances to customers
(i)   Analysed by industry sector and category:
      Operations in Mainland China
                                                                                      2021                2020
      Transportation, storage and postal services                                  412,417             381,898
      Property development                                                         367,642             342,667
      Manufacturing                                                                309,635             256,173
      Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water        187,611             161,777
      Leasing and commercial services                                              170,009             143,805
      Wholesale and retail                                                         138,352             132,055
      Construction                                                                 117,453             101,442
      Water, environment and public utilities management                            64,427              52,911
      Telecommunications, software and IT services                                  58,267              54,491
      Finance                                                                       57,988              74,892
      Mining                                                                        28,854              31,097
      Other                                                                         66,364              65,330
      Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                   1,979,019           1,798,538
      Discounted bills                                                             431,305             327,479
      Residential mortgage                                                       1,364,534           1,264,466
      Credit cards                                                                 840,254             746,560
      Micro-finance loans                                                          560,657             474,545
      Other                                                                        173,527             156,713
      Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                      2,938,972           2,642,284
      Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                            5,349,296           4,768,301



      Operations outside Mainland China
                                                                                      2021                2020
      Finance                                                                       37,345              39,402
      Property development                                                          34,062              48,125
      Transportation, storage and postal services                                   33,186              30,526
      Manufacturing                                                                 23,763              26,962
      Wholesale and retail                                                           8,920              17,720
      Telecommunications, software and IT services                                   7,727               9,644
      Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water          7,077               8,636
      Mining                                                                         5,651               9,579
      Leasing and commercial services                                                4,749              11,223
      Construction                                                                   3,481               2,177
      Water, environment and public utilities management                               821               2,383
      Other                                                                          5,137              12,317
      Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                     171,919             218,694
      Discounted bills                                                                   –               3,257
      Residential mortgage                                                           9,872              10,349
      Credit cards                                                                     117                 127
      Micro-finance loans                                                            1,214               1,183
      Other                                                                         37,616              27,217
      Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                         48,819              38,876
      Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                              220,738             260,827

      As at 31 December 2021, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in Mainland
      China (31 December 2020: over 90%).
220   China Merchants Bank                Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                                  2021                2020
              Credit loans                                                                                                1,977,014               1,758,502
              Guaranteed loans                                                                                              752,744                 696,634
              Collateralised loans                                                                                        2,075,639               1,914,658
              Pledged loans                                                                                                 333,332                 328,598
              Subtotal                                                                                                    5,138,729               4,698,392
              Discounted bills                                                                                               431,305               330,736
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                             5,570,034               5,029,128



      (iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                                      2021
                                                                                                   Overdue             Overdue
                                                                                  Overdue             from                from        Overdue          Total
                                                                                    within        3 months         1 year up to      more than      overdue
                                                                                 3 months      up to 1 year             3 years        3 years        loans
              Credit loans                                                          18,097            10,269             2,972              944      32,282
              Guaranteed loans                                                       1,141             2,650             3,476            1,403       8,670
              Collateralised loans                                                   2,616             2,733             3,610            2,142      11,101
              Pledged loans                                                            473               687               791            3,422       5,373
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                       22,327            16,339            10,849            7,911      57,426

                                                                                                                      2020
                                                                                                    Overdue            Overdue
                                                                                  Overdue              from               from         Overdue          Total
                                                                                  within 3        3 months         1 year up to       more than      overdue
                                                                                   months       up to 1 year            3 years         3 years        loans
              Credit loans                                                          11,350            11,753             1,538              688      25,329
              Guaranteed loans                                                         737             3,982             6,165            2,268      13,152
              Collateralised loans                                                   3,116             3,901             4,033            1,883      12,933
              Pledged loans                                                            381               476             3,737              560       5,154
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                       15,584            20,112            15,473            5,399      56,568

              Note: Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

              Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
              are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2021                2020
              Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                              1,517               2,308
              Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                       473                 177
              Total                                                                                                               1,990               2,485
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             221
Annual Report 2021



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(iv)   Analysed by ECL
                                                                                        2021
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                  –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                      ECL)    impaired)         impaired)        Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost            4,912,836       111,354            50,862    5,075,052
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
               customers at amortised cost                       (169,347)      (32,007)          (43,169)   (244,523)
       Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
         amortised cost                                         4,743,489        79,347             7,693    4,830,529
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                  485,735         2,269                 –      488,004
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
         at FVTOCI                                                  (1,289)         (292)               –       (1,581)

                                                                                        2020
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                  –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                      ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost            4,517,239        76,286            53,615    4,647,140
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
         customers at amortised cost                             (159,918)      (27,401)          (47,107)    (234,426)
       Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
         amortised cost                                         4,357,321        48,885             6,508    4,412,714
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                  374,800           559                 –      375,359
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
         at FVTOCI                                                   (226)            (12)              –         (238)
222   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
      (i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             amortised cost:
                                                                                              2021
                                                                                      –Stage 2
                                                                                     (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                        –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                      (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                            ECL)    impaired)         impaired)      Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                    159,918        27,401            47,107    234,426
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                   5,848       (5,743)             (105)         –
               – Stage 2                                                  (1,137)       1,592              (455)         –
               – Stage 3                                                  (1,001)      (4,972)            5,973          –
             Charge for the year (note 14)                                 5,766       13,763            16,149     35,678
             Write-offs/disposals                                              –            –           (35,105)   (35,105)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                                –            –              (247)      (247)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off                        –            –             9,893      9,893
             Exchange difference                                             (47)         (34)              (41)      (122)
             Balance as at the end of the year                          169,347        32,007            43,169    244,523

                                                                                              2020
                                                                                      –Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                        –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                      (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                            ECL)     impaired)        impaired)      Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                    138,803        37,644            46,309    222,756
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                  2,636        (2,571)              (65)         –
               – Stage 2                                                   (552)        1,398              (846)         –
               – Stage 3                                                   (565)      (10,698)           11,263          –
             Charge for the year (note 14)                               19,696         1,652            25,635     46,983
             Write-offs/disposals                                             –             –           (43,734)   (43,734)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                               –             –              (186)      (186)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off                       –             –             8,781      8,781
             Exchange difference                                           (100)          (24)              (50)      (174)
             Balance as at the end of the year                          159,918        27,401            47,107    234,426



      (ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             FVTOCI:
                                                                                                     2021            2020
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                   238             341
             Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                                 1,342            (101)
             Exchange difference                                                                         1              (2)
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                       1,581            238
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             223
Annual Report 2021



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(d)   Finance leases receivable
      The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
      leases of assets in which the Group is a lessor:
                                                                                           2021                 2020
      Total minimum leases receivable
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                          15,035               20,865
      Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                         11,225               15,608
      Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                         8,519               10,720
      Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                         5,323                8,135
      Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                         5,580                6,280
      Over 5 years                                                                       13,980               18,890
      Subtotal                                                                           59,662               80,498
      Unearned finance income                                                            (8,378)              (11,206)
      Present value of minimum leases receivable                                         51,284                69,292
      Less: Impairment allowances                                                        (3,237)               (3,443)
        – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                         (1,872)               (1,653)
        – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                       (632)                 (931)
        – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                           (733)                 (859)
      Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                   48,047               65,849




23. Financial investments
                                                                         Notes             2021                 2020
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss         23(a)          348,123              495,723
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(b)        1,185,841            1,049,280
      Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         23(c)          636,038              516,553
      Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                            23(d)            6,995                7,139
      Total                                                                           2,176,997            2,068,695



(a)   Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                         Notes             2021                 2020
      Financial investments measured at FVTPL                             (i)           318,245              464,466
      Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss    (ii)           29,878               31,257
      Total                                                                             348,123              495,723
224   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (a)   Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
            Financial investments held for trading
                                                                                        2021      2020
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer                                                    129,792   131,130
                – Government bonds                                                     46,721    32,254
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          9,861     4,845
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    21,245    22,636
                – Other debt securities                                                51,965    71,395
              Classified by listing                                                   129,792   131,130
                – Listed in Mainland China                                            113,762   110,561
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                        15,796    20,361
                – Unlisted                                                                234       208
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets                                           5,205     4,028
                – Fund investments                                                      4,067     2,971
                – Wealth management products                                            1,036       961
                – Long position in precious metal contracts                               102        96
              Classified by listing                                                     5,205     4,028
                – Listed in Mainland China                                                  –         –
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                           111       140
                – Unlisted                                                              5,094     3,888
            Total financial investments held for trading                              134,997   135,158
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                        225
Annual Report 2021



23. Financial investments (continued)
(a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
       Other financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                   2021      2020
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer                                                     17,094    15,373
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     9,784     8,706
           – Other debt securities                                                 7,310     6,667
         Classified by listing                                                    17,094    15,373
           – Listed in Mainland China                                             15,388    14,244
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                         1,333       995
           – Unlisted                                                                373       134
       Other investments:
         Classified by underlying assets                                         166,154   313,935
           – Non-standard assets – Bills                                               –   175,303
           – Equity investments                                                    4,909     3,410
           – Fund investments                                                    158,703   133,861
           – Wealth management products                                            1,360       298
           – Other                                                                 1,182     1,063
         Classified by listing                                                   166,154   313,935
           – Listed in Mainland China                                                 62        96
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                         1,118       739
           – Unlisted                                                            164,974   313,100
       Total other financial investments measured at FVTPL                       183,248   329,308
       Total financial investments measured at FVTPL                             318,245   464,466



(ii)   Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                   2021      2020
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer
           – Government Bonds                                                         41        41
           – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         17,970    18,431
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    11,251    10,567
           – Other debt securities                                                   616     2,218
       Total                                                                      29,878    31,257
         Classified by listing
           – Listed in Mainland China                                             28,793    28,533
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                         1,060     2,710
           – Unlisted                                                                 25        14
       Total                                                                      29,878    31,257
226   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                          2021         2020
            Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                                1,209,359    1,060,387
            Interest receivable                                                          16,368       15,099
            Subtotal                                                                  1,225,727    1,075,486
            Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                 (39,707)     (26,118)
            Impairment losses of interest receivable                                       (179)         (88)
            Subtotal                                                                    (39,886)     (26,206)
            Total                                                                     1,185,841    1,049,280



      (i)   Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                          2021         2020
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer                                                    1,078,888     911,409
                – Government bonds                                                      768,537     623,727
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          280,129     252,996
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions      20,064      28,157
                – Other debt securities                                                  10,158       6,529
              Classified by listing                                                   1,078,888     911,409
                – Listed in Mainland China                                            1,068,300     906,053
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                           4,740       2,064
                – Unlisted                                                                5,848       3,292
              Fair value for the listed bonds                                         1,099,251     916,422
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets                                          130,471      148,978
                – Non-standard assets – Bills                                                –       12,725
                – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers                115,022      123,681
                – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                      commercial banks                                                     100        6,400
                – Non-standard assets – Other                                           14,729        5,580
                – Other                                                                    620          592
              Classified by listing                                                    130,471      148,978
                – Unlisted                                                             130,471      148,978
            Total                                                                     1,209,359    1,060,387
            Less: loss allowances                                                       (39,707)     (26,118)
              Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                    (14,974)     (11,832)
              Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                 (712)        (326)
              Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                  (24,021)     (13,960)
            Net debt investments at amortised cost                                    1,169,652    1,034,269
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             227
Annual Report 2021



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(ii)    Analysed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                         2021
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)         impaired)        Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,183,320          1,962           24,077    1,209,359
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
          at amortised cost                                        (14,974)          (712)         (24,021)     (39,707)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,168,346          1,250               56    1,169,652

                                                                                         2020
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,044,826            971           14,590    1,060,387
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
          at amortised cost                                         (11,832)         (326)         (13,960)     (26,118)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,032,994            645              630    1,034,269



(iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                         2021
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)         impaired)        Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                     11,832            326           13,960      26,118
        Transfer to:
          – Stage 1                                                      –              –                –           –
          – Stage 2                                                     (5)             5                –           –
          – Stage 3                                                      –              –                –           –
        Charge for the year (note 14)                                3,156            381            9,664      13,201
        Write-offs / disposals                                           –              –              (10)        (10)
        Recovery of debt previously written off                          –              –              419         419
        Exchange difference                                             (9)             –              (12)        (21)
        Balance as at the end of the year                           14,974            712           24,021      39,707
228   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)
                                                                                                 2020
                                                                                         –Stage 2
                                                                                         (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                         –Stage 1         ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month            credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                             ECL)       impaired)        impaired)        Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                      9,179              283               4,533    13,995
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                      –                 –               –            –
                – Stage 2                                                      –                 –               –            –
                – Stage 3                                                   (204)                –             204            –
              Charge for the year (note 14)                                2,858                43          10,974       13,875
              Write-offs / disposals                                           –                 –          (1,822)      (1,822)
              Recovery of debt previously written off                          –                 –              80           80
              Exchange difference                                             (1)                –              (9)         (10)
              Balance as at the end of the year                           11,832              326           13,960       26,118



      (c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                        2021              2020
              Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                          628,355           510,307
              Interest receivable                                                                       7,683             6,246
              Total                                                                                   636,038           516,553
              Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                     (6,622)           (4,014)
              Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                    (84)              (25)
              Total                                                                                    (6,706)           (4,039)

              No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
              FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                        2021              2020
              Bonds:
                Classified by issuer
                  – Government bonds                                                                  390,419           287,007
                  – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                       82,427            71,542
                  – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                 106,139            97,487
                  – Other debt securities                                                              49,370            54,271
              Total                                                                                   628,355           510,307
                Classified by listing
                  – Listed in Mainland China                                                          522,889           400,456
                  – Listed outside Mainland China                                                      65,439            64,191
                  – Unlisted                                                                           40,027            45,660
              Total                                                                                   628,355           510,307
China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                229
Annual Report 2021



23. Financial investments (continued)
(c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
(ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                                                              2021                           2020
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                                4,014                          2,600
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                                                                          2,647                          1,492
       Exchange difference                                                                                                      (39)                           (78)
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                                                      6,622                          4,014



(d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                              2021                           2020
       Repossessed equity instruments                                                                                           901                            899
       Other                                                                                                                  6,094                          6,240
       Total                                                                                                                  6,995                          7,139
       Classified by listing
         – Listed in Mainland China                                                                                              65                             52
         – Listed outside Mainland China                                                                                      2,204                          2,023
         – Unlisted                                                                                                           4,726                          5,064
       Total                                                                                                                  6,995                          7,139

       During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group disposed of part of the equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI. The fair value of the equity investments disposed of at the date of derecognition was RMB2,186 million
       (2020: RMB433 million). The cumulative net of tax gain on disposal of RMB1,804 million (2020: cumulative net of
       tax gain of RMB26 million) was transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained earnings on disposal,
       among which RMB1,796 million was due to the completion of the stake acquisition of Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. in
       2021. The investment in Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. was converted from equity investments designated at FVTOCI to
       interests in associates, refer to Note 26 for details.



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
       The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the financial results, assets or
       liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are
       subsidiaries as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements
       of the Group.
                                                                                            % of
                                                   Place of         Particulars of     ownership
                                                   incorporation   the issued and         held by                              Economic            Legal
       Name of company                             and operation   paid up capital      the Bank       Principal activities    nature              representative
                                                                       (in millions)
       CMB International Capital Holdings          Hong Kong             HKD4,129           100%       Investment bank         Limited liability   Tian Huiyu
        Corporation Limited (note (i))                                                                    and investment
                                                                                                          managements

       CMB Financial Leasing Company               Shanghai            RMB12,000            100%       Finance leasing         Limited liability   Shi Shunhua
        Limited (note (ii))

       CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (note (iii))     Hong Kong             HKD1,161           100%       Banking                 Limited liability   Zhu Qi

       China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. Shenzhen                RMB1,310             55%      Fund management         Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
         (note (iv))

       CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd (note (v))   Shenzhen              RMB5,000           100%       Asset management        Limited liability   Chen Yisong

       China Merchants Europe S.A. (note (vi))     Luxembourg                EUR50          100%       Banking                 Limited liability   Li Biao

       Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company        Beijing                 RMB500       (note (vii))   Asset management        Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
         Limited (note (vii))
230   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
            Notes:

            (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBICHC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
                     International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved for setting up by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998]
                     No. 405. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBICHC. The capital of CMBICHC increased to
                     HKD1,000 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

                     The Board of Directors passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital Increase and Restructuring of CMBICHC” which agreed that the Bank
                     made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBICHC on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution was completed on 20
                     January 2016.

            (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFLC”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved for setting up by the CBIRC through
                     its Yin Jian Fu [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of
                     RMB2,000 million in CMBFLC. The capital of CMBFLC increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains
                     unchanged. In August 2021, CMBFLC converted RMB6,000 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFLC
                     increased to RMB12,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

            (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”) was formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
                     a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
                     withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

            (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
                     ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
                     shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became
                     the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in
                     CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also made capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to
                     RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

            (v)      CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, approved for setting up by the CBIRC with Yinbao
                     Jianfu [2019] No. 981. It was formally established on November 1 2019.

            (vi)     China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of which the establishment was approved by the CBIRC with
                     Yin Jianfu [2016] No. 460. It was formally established in November 2019 and obtained a commercial banking license in Luxemburg from the
                     European Central Bank in May 2021.

            (vii)    Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) was registered and established on 18 October 2020 with the
                     approval for setting up by the CBIRC with Yinbao Jianfu [2020] No. 708. CIGNA & CMAM is an indirectly controlled subsidiary of the Bank,
                     with 87.3458% held by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and 12.6542% held by CMBICHC, a subsidiary of
                     the Bank.
China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                             231
Annual Report 2021



25. Interests in joint ventures
                                                                                                                           2021                        2020
      Share of net assets                                                                                                 14,779                    12,403
      Share of profits for the year                                                                                        2,877                      2,392
      Share of other comprehensive income for the year                                                                       133                        456

      Details of the Group’s interests in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                         Place of          Particulars of      Group’s      Percentage of
                                                                         incorporation        issued and      effective    ownership held
      Name of joint ventures                           Economic nature   and operation    paid up capital      interest       by the Bank   Principal activity
                                                                                              (in millions)
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (note(i)) Limited liability   Shenzhen               RMB2,800       50.00%              50.00%   Life insurance
                                                                                                                                               business
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited liability         Shenzhen             RMB10,000        50.00%              50.00%   Consumer finance
       Limited (note(ii))
      Notes:

      (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CIGNA & CMB Life”), and Cigna Health and Life
                Insurance Company (“CHLIC”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests. The Bank and CHLIC share the joint venture’s risk, profits and losses
                based on their shareholding proportionally. The Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

      (ii)      CMB WLB, one of the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), a subsidiary of China
                Unicom Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). CBIRC approved the operation of MUCFC on
                3 March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC each held 50% equity interests in MUCFC and share the risks, profits and losses proportionally based on
                their shareholdings. In December 2017, the Bank and CUNC made a capital contribution of RMB600 million in MUCFC respectively. After the
                capital injection, the capital of MUCFC increased to RMB2,859 million, with the Bank’s shareholding percentage becoming 15%, CMB WLB’s
                shareholding percentage becoming 35%, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%. In December 2018, the Bank made
                another capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in MUCFC, and CUNC made the same amount of capital injection. The Bank and CMB WLB
                then held 24.15% and 25.85% of equity interests in MUCFC, respectively, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%.

                In July 2021, CMB WLB transferred all its shares of MUCFC to the Bank. After the transfer, the Bank and CUNC each held 50% of equity
                interests in MUCFC, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In October 2021, MUCFC converted RMB1,331
                million of its the capital reserve and RMB4,800 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the share capital of MUCFC increased to
                RMB10,000 million after the conversion.
232   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      25. Interests in joint ventures (continued)
            Summarised financial information with necessary adjustments in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies of
            the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as follows:
            (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life:
                                                                                                                     Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                         Net comprehensive comprehensive  and cash          and         Income
                                                  Assets Liabilities        Equity      Revenue        profit      income        income equivalents amortisation            tax
                   2021
                   CIGNA & CMB Life              108,815     97,686         11,129        26,635       1,174             268          1,442         1,290        151       (43)
                   Group’s effective interest     54,172     48,843          5,329        13,318         565             133            698           645         76       (22)
                   2020
                   CIGNA & CMB Life               75,196     65,259          9,937        23,608       1,638             912          2,550          437          56       299
                   Group’s effective interest     37,386     32,630          4,756        11,804         812             456          1,268          219          28       150



            (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                               Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                                   Net comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                                    Assets    Liabilities            Equity    Revenue           profit      income equivalents amortisation    tax
                   2021
                   MUCFC                           149,698      135,660              14,038        15,933        3,015            3,015        4,655             42      477
                   Group’s effective interest       74,849       67,830               7,019         7,967        1,507            1,507        2,328             21      239
                   2020
                   MUCFC                           108,881        97,858             11,023        12,816        1,663            1,663        2,447             44      501
                   Group’s effective interest       54,441        48,929              5,512         6,408          832              832        1,224             22      251



            Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                       Other                        Total
                                                                                                                               comprehensive                comprehensive
                                                                                                     Net profit                      expense                      income
            2021
            Other joint ventures                                                                               4,675                          (3)                      4,672
            Group’s effective interest                                                                           805                           –                         805
            2020
            Other joint ventures                                                                               4,349                           –                       4,349
            Group’s effective interest                                                                           748                           –                         748
China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                  233
Annual Report 2021



26. Interests in associates
                                                                                                                                 2021                         2020
      Share of net assets                                                                                                       8,875                         2,519
      Share of profits for the year                                                                                             1,153                           489
      Share of other comprehensive income for the year                                                                              –                             7

      Details of the Group’s interest in major associate are as follows:
                                                                    Place of                 Particulars of        Group’s       Percentage of
                                                                    incorporation               issued and        effective     ownership held
                                             Economic nature        and operation           paid up capital        interest        by the Bank    Principal activity
                                                                                                (in millions)
      Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (Note)       Limited liability      Taizhou                      RMB 1,800       24.8559%            24.8559%     Commercial Bank

      Note:     The Bank, which originally held a 10% stake in Bank of Taizhou, acquired a total of 14.8559% stake from Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An
                Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. at a total consideration of RMB3,121 million on 31 May 2021. Upon the completion of the transaction,
                the Bank held 24.8559% stake of Bank of Taizhou. The Bank can exercise significant influence on Bank of Taizhou and therefore this
                investment is converted from equity investments designated at FVTOCI to interests in associates.

      Summarised financial information of the associate which is individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                               Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                       comprehensive comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                  Assets Liabilities       Equity   Revenue Net profit       income        income equivalents amortisation    tax
      2021 (note)
      Bank of Taizhou Co.,
        Ltd.                     316,172    289,731        26,441      6,775        2,215                  30           2,245        11,665            287        604
      Group’s effective interest 77,536      72,015         5,521      1,684          490                   9             499         2,899             71        150

      Note:     The period for profit or loss and other comprehensive income is from 1 June 2021 to 31 December 2021.

      Summarised financial information of the associates that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                            Other                        Total
                                                                                                                  comprehensive                  comprehensive
                                                                                            Net profit          (expense)/income                       income
      2021
      Other associates                                                                           37,958                            (65)                      37,893
      Group’s effective interest                                                                    663                             (9)                         654
      2020
      Other associates                                                                           36,557                             25                       36,582
      Group’s effective interest                                                                    489                              7                          496
234   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      27. Investment properties
                                                                                                        2021                    2020
            Cost:
            At 1 January                                                                                3,276                  3,558
            Transfers out                                                                                 (86)                  (173)
            Exchange difference                                                                           (55)                  (109)
            At 31 December                                                                              3,135                  3,276
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January                                                                                1,653                  1,633
            Depreciation                                                                                  155                    166
            Transfers out                                                                                  (7)                   (72)
            Exchange difference                                                                           (38)                   (74)
            At 31 December                                                                              1,763                  1,653
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December                                                                              1,372                  1,623
            At 1 January                                                                                1,623                  1,925

            As at 31 December 2021, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
            Group (2020: Nil).
            Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank that have
            been leased out under operating leases. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the
            method of capitalisation of net rental income. There has been no change to the valuation methodology during
            the year. As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of these properties was RMB4,978 million (31 December 2020:
            RMB5,317 million).
            The Group’s total future minimum leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                        2021                    2020
            Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                    313                      296
            1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                170                      165
            2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                127                       71
            3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                106                       66
            4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                105                       60
            Over 5 years                                                                                 359                      364
            Total                                                                                       1,180                  1,022

            The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as follows:
                                                                                                                           Fair Value
                                                                                                                                 as at
                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                          Level 1          Level 2          Level 3              2021
            Located in Mainland China                                           –                –              2,775           2,775
            Located overseas                                                    –                –              2,203           2,203
            Total                                                               –                –              4,978           4,978

                                                                                                                           Fair Value
                                                                                                                                 as at
                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                           Level 1         Level 2          Level 3             2020
            Located in Mainland China                                           –                –              2,927           2,927
            Located overseas                                                    –                –              2,390           2,390
            Total                                                               –                –              5,317           5,317

            In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        235
Annual Report 2021



28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                           Aircraft,
                                                                                                        vessels and        Motor
                                                   Land and Construction     Computer        Leasehold professional       vehicles
                                                   buildings in progress    equipment    improvements equipment         and other      Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2021                              28,279        3,107       15,149            9,661       48,124         6,299    110,619
      Additions                                         539          743        2,420            1,106       17,879           563     23,250
      Reclassification and transfers                    169         (348)          20              223            –            22         86
      Disposals                                         (19)           –         (698)             (18)      (3,415)         (971)    (5,121)
      Exchange difference                               (92)           –          (31)             (47)      (1,261)           (4)    (1,435)
      At 31 December 2021                            28,876        3,502       16,860           10,925       61,327         5,909    127,399
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2021                              11,750            –       11,489            6,132         6,729        4,813     40,913
      Depreciation                                    1,314            –        2,097              950         3,822          519      8,702
      Reclassification and transfers                      6            –           17                –             –          (16)         7
      Disposals                                         (14)           –         (661)             (15)       (1,290)        (848)    (2,828)
      Exchange difference                               (58)           –          (18)             (39)         (210)          (3)      (328)
      At 31 December 2021                            12,998            –       12,924            7,028        9,051         4,465     46,466
      Impairment loss:
      At 1 January 2021                                   –            –            –                –          236             –       236
      Charge                                             20            –            –                –          267             –       287
      Exchange difference                                 –            –            –                –           (5)            –        (5)
      At 31 December 2021                                20            –            –                –          498             –       518
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2021                            15,858        3,502        3,936            3,897       51,778         1,444     80,415
      At 1 January 2021                              16,529        3,107        3,660            3,529       41,159         1,486     69,470
236   China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                            Aircraft,
                                                                                                                         vessels and        Motor
                                                          Land and     Construction      Computer         Leasehold     professional       vehicles
                                                          buildings     in progress     equipment     improvements       equipment       and other         Total
            Cost:
            At 1 January 2020                               27,356           2,964         13,750             8,510          43,309          6,351      102,240
            Additions                                          290           1,003          2,078             1,081          10,475            777       15,704
            Reclassification and transfers                     841            (860)            25               172               –             (5)         173
            Disposals                                          (33)              –           (641)              (12)         (2,613)          (821)      (4,120)
            Exchange difference                               (175)              –            (63)              (90)         (3,047)            (3)      (3,378)
            At 31 December 2020                             28,279           3,107         15,149             9,661          48,124          6,299      110,619
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January 2020                               10,512                –        10,163             5,441           4,523          5,100       35,739
            Depreciation                                     1,270                –         1,948               779           3,109            443        7,549
            Reclassification and transfers                      72                –            23                 –               –            (23)          72
            Disposals                                          (13)               –          (609)               (5)           (479)          (704)      (1,810)
            Exchange difference                                (91)               –           (36)              (83)           (424)            (3)        (637)
            At 31 December 2020                             11,750                –        11,489             6,132           6,729          4,813       40,913
            Impairment loss:
            At 1 January 2020                                     –               –              –                 –               93            –           93
            Charge                                                –               –              –                 –              153            –          153
            Exchange difference                                   –               –              –                 –              (10)           –          (10)
            At 31 December 2020                                   –               –              –                 –              236            –          236
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December 2020                             16,529           3,107          3,660             3,529          41,159          1,486       69,470
            At 1 January 2020                               16,844           2,964          3,587             3,069          38,693          1,251       66,408

            (a)       As at 31 December 2021, the process of obtaining the registration license for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value of
                      RMB1,026 million (31 December 2020: RMB1,565 million) was still in progress. Management is of the view that the aforesaid matter would
                      neither affect the rights of the Group to these assets nor have any significant impact on the business operation of the Group.

            (b)       As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2020: Nil).

            (c)       As at 31 December 2021, the carrying value of mortgaged aircraft and vessels for placements from banks and other financial institutions of
                      the CMBFLC’s subsidiaries was RMB 15,075 million (31 December 2020: RMB 12,884 million).

            (d)       The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2021                     2020
                      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                 7,765                     5,851
                      1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                             7,148                     5,316
                      2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                             5,796                     4,883
                      3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                             4,862                     4,303
                      4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                             4,253                     3,916
                      Over 5 years                                                                                             13,357                    13,550
                      Total                                                                                                    43,181                    37,819
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                237
Annual Report 2021



29. Lease contracts
(a)   Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                     Motor
                                                              Land                    Computer      vehicles
                                                         use rights     Buildings    equipment    and other         Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2021                                       5,957       21,122             4            16       27,099
      Additions                                                  33        4,071             5             1        4,110
      Decrease                                                   (5)      (2,123)           (2)           (1)      (2,131)
      At 31 December 2021                                     5,985       23,070             7            16       29,078
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2021                                       1,009        6,978             2             6        7,995
      Depreciation (Note 10)                                    182        4,070             3             4        4,259
      Decrease                                                   (1)      (1,634)           (2)           (1)      (1,638)
      At 31 December 2021                                     1,190        9,414             3             9       10,616
      Impairment loss:
      At 1 January 2021                                            –            –            –             –            –
      Charge                                                      59            –            –             –           59
      At 31 December 2021                                         59            –            –             –           59
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2021                                     4,736       13,656             4             7       18,403
      At 1 January 2021                                       4,948       14,144             2            10       19,104

                                                                                                      Motor
                                                               Land                   Computer       vehicles
                                                          use rights    Buildings    equipment     and other         Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2020                                       5,968       18,602             3            18       24,591
      Additions                                                   –        3,888             4             2        3,894
      Decrease                                                  (11)      (1,368)           (3)           (4)      (1,386)
      At 31 December 2020                                     5,957       21,122             4            16       27,099
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2020                                          830        3,755            1             5        4,591
      Depreciation (Note 10)                                     183        4,228            2             3        4,416
      Decrease                                                    (4)      (1,005)          (1)           (2)      (1,012)
      At 31 December 2020                                     1,009        6,978             2             6        7,995
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2020                                     4,948       14,144             2            10       19,104
      At 1 January 2020                                       5,138       14,847             2            13       20,000

      The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
      basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
      option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
      change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee.
238   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      29. Lease contracts (continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities
            Analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                2021                 2020
            Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                            506                  527
            1 month to 3 months (inclusive)                                                       536                  488
            3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                                      2,989                2,805
            1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                       3,228                3,395
            2 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                       4,925                5,182
            Over 5 years                                                                        1,628                1,845
            Total                                                                             13,812               14,242

            Interest expense on lease liabilities are set out in note 7.



      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            Short-term lease expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
            short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and other.


      (d)   During the year of 2021, total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amounted to RMB4,835 million (2020: RMB4,644
            million).


      (e)   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the leases committed but not yet commenced were not significant.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                          239
Annual Report 2021



30. Intangible assets
                                                                Software
                                                               and other    Core deposits    Total
      Cost/appraisal value:
      At 1 January 2021                                            9,576           1,118    10,694
      Additions                                                      479               –       479
      Exchange difference                                            (10)            (35)      (45)
      At 31 December 2021                                         10,045           1,083    11,128
      Accumulated amortisation:
      At 1 January 2021                                            5,442             489     5,931
      Charge for the year (Note 10)                                1,114              39     1,153
      Exchange difference                                             (6)            (16)      (22)
      At 31 December 2021                                          6,550             512     7,062
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2021                                          3,495             571     4,066
      At 1 January 2021                                            4,134             629     4,763

                                                                Software
                                                               and other    Core deposits    Total
      Cost/appraisal value:
      At 1 January 2020                                            8,161           1,186     9,347
      Additions                                                    1,419               –     1,419
      Exchange difference                                             (4)            (68)      (72)
      At 31 December 2020                                          9,576           1,118    10,694
      Accumulated amortisation:
      At 1 January 2020                                            4,294             478     4,772
      Charge for the year (Note 10)                                1,148              40     1,188
      Exchange difference                                              –             (29)      (29)
      At 31 December 2020                                          5,442             489     5,931
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2020                                          4,134             629     4,763
      At 1 January 2020                                            3,867             708     4,575
240   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      31. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                    Impairment
                                                                                                                                         loss at          Net value
                                                                                                                                      1 January        at 1 January
                                                            As at            Addition             Release             As at            2021 and           2021 and
                                                        1 January              during              during      31 December         31 December        31 December
                                                             2021            the year            the year             2021                 2021                2021
            CMB WLB (note (i))                              10,177                    –                   –            10,177                (579)             9,598
            CMFM (note (ii))                                   355                    –                   –               355                   –                355
            Zhaoyin Internet (note (iii))                        1                    –                   –                 1                   –                  1
            Total                                           10,533                    –                   –            10,533                (579)             9,954

            Notes:

            (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                     identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million, being the
                     excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                     in Note 24.

            (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                     net assets was RMB752 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million, being the excess of acquisition
                     cost of RMB769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in
                     Note 24.

            (iii)    On 1 April 2015, CMBICHC acquired the 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (Shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                     Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million, being
                     the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. Zhaoyin Internet’s scope of business
                     comprises development and sales of computer software and hardware; sales of communication and office automation equipment; and IT
                     consulting.




            Impairment test for goodwill
            The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use
            cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows
            beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-
            term average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
            In assessing the impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the
            forecast long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. A pre-tax discount rates of CMB WLB
            and CMFM adopted by the Group are 7% and 10% (2020: 9% and 12%). The Group believes any reasonably
            possible change in the key assumptions on which recoverable amounts are based would not cause the carrying
            amounts of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                         241
Annual Report 2021



32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                               2021                2020
      Deferred tax assets                                                                     81,639             72,893
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (1,353)            (1,073)
      Net amount                                                                              80,286             71,820



(a)   Analysed by nature of deferred tax assets and liabilities
      The components of deferred tax assets/liabilities are as follows:
                                                                           2021                          2020
                                                                 Deductible/                   Deductible/
                                                                    (taxable)                     (taxable)
                                                                  temporary       Deferred      temporary       Deferred
                                                                  difference           tax      difference           tax
      Deferred tax assets
      Impairment allowances on loans and advances to
        customers and other assets at amortised cost                 284,360        71,191        245,221        61,340
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                     (11,092)       (2,763)        (6,673)       (1,406)
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                                      92            23          6,309         1,577
      Salaries and welfare payable                                    47,928        11,947         37,592         9,363
      Other                                                            5,582         1,241          8,665         2,019
      Total                                                          326,870        81,639        291,114        72,893
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                          (5)           (1)             10            2
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                                    (144)          (27)              8            2
      Other                                                           (7,755)       (1,325)         (6,677)      (1,077)
      Total                                                           (7,904)       (1,353)         (6,659)      (1,073)
242   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)
      (b)   Movements of deferred tax
                                                                     Impairment
                                                                      allowances
                                                                   on loans and
                                                                    advances to
                                                                  customers and           Financial        Financial      Salaries and
                                                                  other assets at            assets     instruments           welfare
                                                                  amortised cost         at FVTOCI         at FVTPL           payable           Other           Total
            At 1 January 2021                                              61,340            (1,404)            1,579             9,363            942        71,820
            Recognised in profit or loss                                    9,850             1,020            (1,584)            2,584         (1,068)       10,802
            Recognised in other comprehensive Income                            –            (2,383)                –                 –             14        (2,369)
            Exchange difference                                                 1                 3                 1                 –             28            33
            At 31 December 2021                                            71,191            (2,764)                (4)         11,947             (84)       80,286

                                                                      Impairment
                                                                       allowances
                                                                    on loans and
                                                                      advances to
                                                                   customers and           Financial         Financial     Salaries and
                                                                   other assets at            assets      instruments           welfare
                                                                   amortised cost         at FVTOCI           at FVTPL         payable           Other          Total
            At 1 January 2020                                              59,232            (2,244)             (313)            6,621            899        64,195
            Recognised in profit or loss                                    2,160               336             1,899             2,742             28         7,165
            Recognised in other comprehensive Income                            –               507                 –                 –             (3)          504
            Exchange difference                                               (52)               (3)               (7)                –             18           (44)
            At 31 December 2020                                            61,340            (1,404)            1,579             9,363            942        71,820

            Note:   No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
                    is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in
                    the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                243
Annual Report 2021



33. Other assets
                                                                                                                      2021              2020
      Amounts pending for settlement                                                                               78,719              48,423
      Continuing involvement assets                                                                                 5,274               3,128
      Interest receivable                                                                                           3,913               2,972
      Prepaid lease payments                                                                                          257                 314
      Repossessed assets (a)                                                                                          513                 612
      Guarantee deposits                                                                                              519                 510
      Receivable from reinsurers                                                                                      186                 190
      Prepayment for leasehold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                            4,987               4,985
      Premium receivables                                                                                             135                 150
      Post-employment benefits: defined benefit plan (Note 39(b))                                                      65                  60
      Other                                                                                                        27,953              24,115
      Total                                                                                                      122,521               85,459



(a)   Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                      2021              2020
      Land and buildings                                                                                               623               700
      Other repossessed assets                                                                                          31                14
      Total                                                                                                            654                714
      Less: Impairment allowances                                                                                     (141)              (102)
      Net repossessed assets                                                                                           513               612

      Note:   In 2021, the Group disposed of repossessed assets with a total carrying value of RMB66 million (2020: RMB228 million).
244   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2021      2020
            Principal (a)                                              751,254   719,764
            Interest payable                                             1,764     3,638
            Total                                                      753,018   723,402



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2021      2020
            In Mainland China                                          701,085   712,403
               – Banks                                                  77,788   143,846
               – Other financial institutions                          623,297   568,557
            Outside Mainland China                                      50,169     7,361
             – Banks                                                    48,301     6,964
             – Other financial institutions                              1,868       397
            Total                                                      751,254   719,764




      35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2021      2020
            Principal (a)                                              170,257   143,117
            Interest payable                                               393       400
            Total                                                      170,650   143,517



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2021      2020
            In Mainland China                                          114,496    96,910
               – Banks                                                 107,214    75,768
               – Other financial institutions                            7,282    21,142
            Outside Mainland China                                      55,761    46,207
             – Banks                                                    55,570    46,011
             – Other financial institutions                                191       196
            Total                                                      170,257   143,117
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 245
Annual Report 2021



36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                               2021                  2020
      Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                             17,017                20,990
      Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)              46,744                39,361
      Total                                                                                  63,761                60,351



(a)   Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                               2021                  2020
      Financial liabilities related to precious metal                                        16,406                20,361
      Short position on bonds                                                                   611                   629
      Total                                                                                  17,017                20,990



(b)   Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                               2021                  2020
      In Mainland China                                                                      34,677                22,362
         – Precious metal contracts with other banks                                         11,596                 1,589
         – Other                                                                             23,081                20,773
      Outside Mainland China                                                                 12,067                16,999
         – Certificates of deposit issued                                                       377                   605
         – Debt securities issued                                                             7,600                13,914
         – Other                                                                              4,090                 2,480
      Total                                                                                  46,744                39,361

      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
      designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable amount at maturity is not significant. The
      amounts of changes in the fair value of these liabilities that are attributable to changes in credit risk of the Group
      are not significant during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 and as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.
246   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                      2021      2020
            Principal (a) (b)                                                       157,572   142,881
            Interest payable                                                             88        46
            Total                                                                   157,660   142,927



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                      2021      2020
            In Mainland China                                                       155,322   137,228
               – Banks                                                              147,410   136,248
               – Other financial institutions                                         7,912       980
            Outside Mainland China                                                    2,250     5,653
             – Banks                                                                  1,854     4,868
             – Other financial institutions                                             396       785
            Total                                                                   157,572   142,881



      (b)   Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                                      2021      2020
            Debt securities                                                         152,071   108,352
              – Government bonds                                                     90,956    45,684
              – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         48,833    53,445
              – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     2,774     4,872
              – Other debt securities                                                 9,508     4,351
            Discounted bills                                                          5,501    34,529
            Total                                                                   157,572   142,881
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                           247
Annual Report 2021



38. Deposits from customers
                                                                    2021        2020
      Principal (a)                                             6,347,078   5,628,336
      Interest payable                                             38,076      35,799
      Total                                                     6,385,154   5,664,135



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                    2021        2020
      Corporate customers                                       4,058,924   3,595,690
        – Demand deposits                                       2,652,817   2,306,134
        – Time deposits                                         1,406,107   1,289,556
      Retail customers                                          2,288,154   2,032,646
        – Demand deposits                                       1,557,861   1,400,520
        – Time deposits                                           730,293     632,126
      Total                                                     6,347,078   5,628,336



(b)   The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
      guarantees are as follows:
                                                                    2021        2020
      Guarantee for acceptance bills                             134,858     103,858
      Guarantee for loans                                         18,878      19,183
      Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                     21,574      15,861
      Deposit for letters of guarantee                            32,412      29,463
      Other                                                       31,208      25,878
      Total                                                      238,930     194,243
248   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      39. Staff welfare scheme
      (a)   Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                       Payment/
                                                                       Beginning        Charge         transfers     Ending
                                                                         balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                              14,155        53,827          (49,917)     18,065
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                                      1,240          4,884           (4,495)     1,629
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)                           67             17              (17)        67
            Total                                                         15,462        58,728          (54,429)     19,761

                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                        Payment/
                                                                       Beginning         Charge         transfers    Ending
                                                                         balance    for the year      in the year   balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                              10,872        44,407          (41,124)     14,155
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                                       699           3,410           (2,869)     1,240
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)                          67              30              (30)        67
            Total                                                         11,638        47,847          (44,023)     15,462



      (i)   Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                       Payment/
                                                                       Beginning        Charge         transfers     Ending
                                                                         balance   for the year      in the year    balance
            Salaries and bonus                                            11,121        43,716          (40,519)     14,318
            Welfare expense                                                   24         2,908           (2,913)         19
            Social insurance                                                 408         3,158           (3,036)        530
              – Medical insurance                                            391         3,046           (2,922)        515
              – Injury insurance                                               6            27               (27)         6
              – Maternity insurance                                           11            85               (87)         9
            Housing reserve                                                  191         2,119           (2,144)        166
            Labour union and employee education expenses                   2,411         1,926           (1,305)      3,032
            Total                                                         14,155        53,827          (49,917)     18,065

                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                        Payment/
                                                                       Beginning         Charge         transfers    Ending
                                                                         balance    for the year      in the year   balance
            Salaries and bonus                                             8,451        34,037          (31,367)     11,121
            Welfare expense                                                   69         4,156           (4,201)         24
            Social insurance                                                 120         2,640           (2,352)        408
              – Medical insurance                                            107         2,541           (2,257)        391
              – Injury insurance                                               6            20               (20)         6
              – Maternity insurance                                            7            79               (75)        11
            Housing reserve                                                  246         1,921           (1,976)        191
            Labour union and employee education expenses                   1,986         1,653           (1,228)      2,411
            Total                                                         10,872        44,407          (41,124)     14,155
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  249
Annual Report 2021



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(ii)    Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                           2021
                                                                                                    Payment/
                                                                  Beginning         Charge          transfers        Ending
                                                                    balance    for the year       in the year       balance
        Basic retirement insurance                                      130           2,566            (2,539)          157
        Supplementary pension                                         1,088           2,257            (1,895)        1,450
        Unemployment insurance                                           22              61               (61)           22
        Total                                                         1,240           4,884            (4,495)        1,629

                                                                                           2020
                                                                                                     Payment/
                                                                  Beginning          Charge          transfers        Ending
                                                                    balance     for the year       in the year       balance
        Basic retirement insurance                                       69           1,449            (1,388)          130
        Supplementary pension                                           610           1,916            (1,438)        1,088
        Unemployment insurance                                           20              45               (43)           22
        Total                                                           699           3,410            (2,869)        1,240

        In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
        the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
        December 2021, the Group’s contributions to these pension schemes are determined by local governments and vary
        at a range of 14% to 16% (2020: 12% to 16%) of the staff salaries.
        In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
        plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
        PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
        on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2020: 0% to 8.33%).
        For its employees outside Mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
        funding rates determined in accordance with the local practices and regulations.


(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                                           2021
                                                                  Beginning         Charge           Payment         Ending
                                                                    balance    for the year       in the year       balance
        Cash settled share-based transactions                            67              17               (17)            67

                                                                                           2020
                                                                  Beginning          Charge           Payment         Ending
                                                                    balance     for the year       in the year       balance
        Cash settled share-based transactions                            67              30               (30)            67

        The Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme, the remaining seventh to tenth
        phases have not been exercised as of 31 December 2021. The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 3
        years from the grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
        linked to one H-share.
250   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the scheme are listed below:
                                                                                      Number of
                                                                               unexercised share                                     Contract period of
                                                                              appreciation rights                                    share appreciation
                                                                              at the end of 2021      Exercise conditions                        rights
                                                                                      (in millions)
              Share appreciation rights granted on 7 Jul 2014 (Phase VII)                    0.225    3 years after the grant date               10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 Jul 2015 (Phase VIII)                  0.458    3 years after the grant date               10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                    0.510    3 years after the grant date               10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                     0.570    3 years after the grant date               10 years



      (2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                             2021                                    2020
                                                                                                       Number                                   Number
                                                                                 Weighted             of share          Weighted                of share
                                                                                   average        appreciation             average          appreciation
                                                                              exercise price             rights      exercise price                rights
                                                                                      (HKD)        (in million)              (HKD)           (in million)
              Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                               18.34               2.87              18.57                 4.14
              Exercised during the year                                                 17.23              (0.42)             14.90                (1.27)
              Forfeited during the year                                                 19.11              (0.69)                 –                    –
              Outstanding at the end of the year                                        16.21               1.76              18.34                 2.87
              Exercisable at the end of the year                                        14.92               1.35              16.05                 1.34

              The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2021 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD16.21
              (2020: HKD18.34) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 4.36 years (2020: 5.55 years).
              Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
              into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   251
Annual Report 2021



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
(3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
        The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
        fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
        is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual life of the rights are used as an input to the model.
                                                                                            2021
                                                                   Phase VII       Phase VIII        Phase IX         Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                   40.54           33.66            33.40           25.98
        Share price (in HKD)                                           61.75           61.75            61.75           61.75
        Exercise price (in HKD)                                         7.44           14.59            13.16           23.70
        Expected volatility                                          37.41%          37.41%           37.41%          37.41%
        Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                 2.50            3.50             4.58            5.58
        Expected dividends yield                                      3.36%           3.36%            3.36%           3.36%
        Risk-free interest rate                                       1.43%           1.43%            1.43%           1.43%

                                                                                            2020
                                                                    Phase VII       Phase VIII       Phase IX         Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                   29.03           22.81            22.91           17.05
        Share price (in HKD)                                           48.50           48.50            48.50           48.50
        Exercise price (in HKD)                                         8.94           16.09            14.66           25.20
        Expected volatility                                          36.10%          36.10%           36.10%          36.10%
        Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                 3.50            4.50             5.58            6.58
        Expected dividends yield                                      3.51%           3.51%            3.51%           3.51%
        Risk-free interest rate                                       1.43%           1.43%            1.43%           1.43%

        The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
        life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
        available information. Expected dividend yield is based on historical dividend yields. Changes in the subjective input
        assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
        Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
        the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
        share appreciation rights granted.
252   China Merchants Bank               Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted:
                                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                                                                     Exercised/
                                                          Phase VII         Phase VIII          Phase IX           Phase X             Total          Forfeited
                                                    (in thousands)     (in thousands)     (in thousands)    (in thousands)    (in thousands)    (in thousands)
              Tian Huiyu                                       225                300                300               330             1,155                 75
              Liu Jianjun                                        –                  –                  –                 –                 –                870
              Wang Liang                                         –                157                210               240               607                203
              Xiong Liangjun                                     –                  –                  –                 –                 –                660
              Total                                            225                457                510               570             1,762              1,808

                                                                                                        2020
                                                           Phase VII         Phase VIII          Phase IX           Phase X             Total          Exercised
                                                     (in thousands)     (in thousands)     (in thousands)    (in thousands)    (in thousands)    (in thousands)
              Li Hao                                             –                  –                  –                 –                 –              2,131
              Tang Zhihong                                       –                  –                  –                 –                 –              1,903
              Tian Huiyu                                       225                300                300               330             1,155                 75
              Liu Jianjun                                        –                 52                158               240               450                420
              Wang Liang                                         –                157                210               240               607                203
              Xu Shiqing                                        50                180                  –                 –               230                100
              Xiong Liangjun                                     –                 52                135               240               427                233
              Total                                            275                741                803             1,050             2,869              5,065

              Notes:

              In 2021, senior management had exercised 0.42 million shares of appreciation rights (2020: 1.27 million) and the weighted average exercise price was
              HKD17.23 (2020: HKD14.90).




      (b)     Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
              The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
              defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension scheme. Contributions to the plan are determined based on
              periodic valuations by qualified actuaries on the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
              on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
              The latest actuarial valuation of the plan as at 31 December 2021 was performed by Towers Watson Hong Kong
              Limited, a professional actuarial firm in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits . The present values of the defined
              benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
              the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 123% (2020: 118%).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            253
Annual Report 2021



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are
      analysed as follows:
                                                                                               2021             2020
      Fair value of the plan assets                                                             349               401
      Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (284)             (341)
      Net asset recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position                   65                60

      A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
      to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
      also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
      contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2022.
      There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                               2021             2020
      Current service cost                                                                      (10)              (12)
      Net interest income                                                                         –                 –
      Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                             (10)              (12)

      The actual gain on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB2 million (2020: RMB64 million).
      The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2021             2020
      Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  341              363
      Current service cost                                                                       10               12
      Interest cost                                                                               1                6
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (42)             (25)
      Actuarial gains or losses due to liability experience                                      (6)               2
      Actuarial gains or losses due to financial assumption changes                             (22)               5
      Actuarial gains or losses due to demographic assumption changes                            10                –
      Exchange difference                                                                        (8)             (22)
      Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          284              341

      The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2021             2020
      Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                401              385
      Interest income                                                                             1                6
      Expected return on plan assets                                                              1               58
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (42)             (25)
      Exchange difference                                                                       (12)             (23)
      Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              349              401
254   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
            The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:
                                                                              2021                            2020
                                                                         Amount               %        Amount            %
            Equities                                                        202             57.9            259        64.5
            Bonds                                                            71             20.3             64        16.0
            Cash                                                             76             21.8             78        19.5
            Total                                                           349            100.0            401       100.0

            As at 31 December 2021, deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB53 million (2020:
            RMB65 million).
            The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                                      %                 %
            Discount rate
              – Defined benefit scheme                                                                1.4               0.4
              – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                        0.4               0.1
            Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                    5.0               5.0
            Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  –                 –

            In 2021 and 2020, there were no significant change in the amount of retirement benefit plan liabilities due to
            changes in the above-mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                    2021              2020
            Corporate income tax                                                                   16,539            13,907
            Value added tax                                                                         4,399             3,347
            Other                                                                                   1,553             1,394
            Total                                                                                  22,491            18,648
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             255
Annual Report 2021



41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                               2021                2020
      Credit card points                                                                       6,065              5,309
      Other deferred fee and commission income                                                 1,471              1,520
      Total                                                                                    7,536              6,829




42. Provisions
                                                                                               2021                2020
      Expected credit loss on provisions                                                     12,790               7,236
      Other                                                                                   1,870                 993
      Total                                                                                  14,660               8,229

      The expected credit loss for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                        2021
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1      ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)         impaired)          Total
      Expected credit loss on provisions                             8,210         3,724               856        12,790

                                                                                        2020
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                                 ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                                –Stage 1           credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                          (12-month ECL)       impaired)         impaired)         Total
      Expected credit loss on provisions                             5,560         1,073               603         7,236
256   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      43. Debt securities issued
                                                                                                             Notes                                  2021                             2020
            Subordinated notes issued                                                                           (a)                              34,236                            34,302
            Long-term debt securities issued                                                                    (b)                             159,306                           146,559
            Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit                                                                                        240,284                           144,816
            Certificates of deposit issued                                                                                                       10,715                            18,479
            Interest payable                                                                                                                      2,104                             1,985
            Total                                                                                                                               446,645                           346,141



      (a)   Subordinated notes issued
            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated notes issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                              Discount or
                                              Date of            Annual               Nominal          Beginning             Issue              premium        Repayment
            Debt type        Term to maturity issuance           interest rate           value            balance during the year            amortisation during the year Ending balance
                                                                 (%)                (in million)   (RMB in million) (RMB in million)       (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
            Fixed rate bond 180 months        28 Dec 2012        5.20              RMB11,700               11,694                 –                     2                 –           11,696
            Fixed rate bond 120 months        15 Nov 2018        4.65              RMB20,000               19,995                 –                    (1)                –           19,994
            Total                                                                                          31,689                 –                    1                  –           31,690

            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated note issued by CMB WLB was as follows:
                                                                                                                           Discount or
                             Term to        Date of                                         Nominal        Beginning         premium          Exchange       Repayment
            Debt type        maturity       issuance        Annual interest rate               value          balance amortisation           difference during the year Ending balance
                                                            (%)                           (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
            Fixed to floating 120 months    22 Nov 2017 3.75 (for the first 5 years);        USD400             2,613                  –                (67)                  –        2,546
               rate bond                                  T*+1.75% (from 6th year
                                                          onwards, if the notes are
                                                          not called by the Bank)
            Total                                                                                               2,613                  –                (67)                  –        2,546

            *   T represents the 5 years US Treasury rate.
China Merchants Bank                     Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                   257
Annual Report 2021



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued
      As at the end of reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                          Discount or
                            Term to       Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning             Issue        premium          Exchange       Repayment
      Debt type             maturity      issuance      interest rate        value          balance during the year amortisation            difference during the year Ending balance
                                                        (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    17 Aug 2018   3.95            RMB30,000           29,983                –                17                 –          (30,000)               –
      Medium term note (i) 36 months      19 Jun 2019   0.25              EUR300             2,411                –                 2              (249)               –            2,164
      Medium term note       36 months    19 Jun 2019   3M Libor+0.74     USD600             3,920                –                 –               (97)               –            3,823
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    5 Jul 2019    3.45            RMB30,000           29,991                –                (1)                –                –           29,990
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    24 Sep 2019   3.33            RMB20,000           19,996                –                 1                 –                –           19,997
      Medium term note       33 months    27 Sep 2019   3M Libor+0.74      USD60               392                –                 –               (10)               –              382
      Medium term note (ii) 36 months     25 Sep 2020   1.10              USD400             2,610                –                (2)              (62)               –            2,546
      Medium term note (iii) 36 months    25 Sep 2020   0.95              USD300             1,955                –                (6)              (41)               –            1,908
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    6 Nov 2020    3.48            RMB10,000            9,998                –                 –                 –                –            9,998
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    11 Mar 2021   3.40            RMB10,000                –            9,999                (1)                –                –            9,998
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    3 Jun 2021    3.18            RMB20,000                –           19,997                (2)                –                –           19,995
      Fixed rate bond        36 months    24 Aug 2021   2.90            RMB10,000                –            9,999                (1)                –                –            9,998
      Medium term note (iv) 24 months     1 Sep 2021    1.25              USD300                 –            1,912                 2                (2)               –            1,912
      Medium term note (v) 60 months      1 Sep 2021    0.55              USD300                 –            1,912                 7                (7)               –            1,912
      Total                                                                                101,256           43,819                16              (468)         (30,000)         114,623

      Notes:

      (i)         Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to EUR 37 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB263
                  million (31 December 2020: EUR 37 million, equivalent to RMB293 million).

      (ii)        Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB191
                  million (31 December 2020: USD30 million, equivalent to RMB196 million).

      (iii)       Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB191
                  million (31 December 2020: USD30 million, equivalent to RMB196 million).

      (iv)        Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD45 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB287
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (v)         Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD33 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB210
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).
258   China Merchants Bank                        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)   Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFLC were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Discount or
                                     Term to       Date of     Annual            Nominal        Beginning             Issue        premium          Exchange       Repayment
            Debt type                maturity      issuance    interest rate        value          balance during the year amortisation            difference during the year Ending balance
                                                               (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
            Fixed rate bond          60 months     29 Nov 2016 3.25              USD900             5,873                 –                6               (65)          (5,814)               –
            Fixed rate bond (i)      36 months     14 Mar 2018 5.24            RMB4,000             3,999                 –                1                 –           (4,000)               –
            Fixed rate bond (ii)     36 months     9 May 2018 4.80             RMB4,000             3,999                 –                1                 –           (4,000)               –
            Fixed rate bond          36 months     16 Jul 2018 4.50            RMB4,000             3,998                 –                2                 –           (4,000)               –
            Fixed rate bond          36 months     13 Mar 2019 3.50            RMB1,500             1,498                 –                2                 –                –            1,500
            Fixed rate bond          60 months     13 Mar 2019 4.00             RMB500                499                 –                –                 –                –              499
            Fixed rate bond          36 months     27 May 2019 3.68            RMB3,000             2,996                 –                3                 –                –            2,999
            Fixed rate bond (iii)    60 months     3 Jul 2019 3.00               USD900             5,843                 –               10              (148)               –            5,705
            Fixed rate bond (iv)     120 months    3 Jul 2019 3.63               USD100               648                 –                1               (16)               –              633
            Fixed rate bond          36 months     17 Jul 2019 3.60            RMB3,000             2,995                 –                3                 –                –            2,998
            Fixed rate bond (v)      12 months     17 Apr 2020 1.73               USD40               261                 –                –                 –             (261)               –
            Fixed rate bond          120 months    14 Jul 2020 4.25            RMB2,000             1,992                 –                1                 –                –            1,993
            Fixed rate bond (vi)     60 months     12 Aug 2020 1.88              USD800             5,204                 –                6              (132)               –            5,078
            Fixed rate bond (vii)    120 months    12 Aug 2020 2.75              USD400             2,588                 –                3               (65)               –            2,526
            Fixed rate bond (viii)   36 months     17 Nov 2020 3.85            RMB4,000             3,989                 –                4                 –                –            3,993
            Fixed rate bond          12 months     29 Dec 2020 1.50               USD20               131                 –                –                (2)            (129)               –
            Fixed rate bond (ix)     36 months     28 Jan 2021 3.60            RMB4,000                 –             4,000               (8)                –                –            3,992
            Fixed rate bond (x)      60 months     4 Feb 2021 2.00               USD400                 –             2,584                4               (49)               –            2,539
            Fixed rate bond (xi)     120 months    5 Feb 2021 2.88               USD400                 –             2,588                5               (73)               –            2,520
            Fixed rate bond          18 months     19 Mar 2021 1.16               USD50                 –               326                –                (8)               –              318
            Fixed rate bond (xii)    36 months     24 Mar 2021 3.58            RMB2,000                 –             2,000               (4)                –                –            1,996
            Fixed rate bond          60 months     24 Mar 2021 2.00               USD20                 –               130                1                (5)               –              126
            Fixed rate bond (xiii)   36 months     16 Sep 2021 1.25              USD600                 –             3,876                2               (73)               –            3,805
            Fixed rate bond          60 months     16 Sep 2021 1.75              USD300                 –             1,938                1               (46)               –            1,893
            Fixed rate bond (xiv)    36 months     16 Sep 2021 0.50              EUR100                 –               760                –               (39)               –              721
            Fixed rate bond (xv)     12 months     13 Dec 2021 3M Libor+0.55      USD60                 –               382                –                 –                –              382
            Fixed rate bond          24 months     22 Dec 2021 0.50               EUR30                 –               216                –                 –                –              216
            Total                                                                                  46,513           18,800                44              (721)         (18,204)          46,432

            Notes:

            (i)          Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to nil as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB260
                         million).

            (ii)         Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to nil as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB140
                         million).

            (iii)        Fixed rate bonds issued by CMB International Leasing Management Limited (“CMBILM”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBFLC that were
                         held by the Bank amounted to USD152 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB967 million (31 December 2020: USD98 million,
                         equivalent to RMB639 million). Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD30 million as of 31
                         December 2021, equivalent to RMB191 million (31 December 2020: USD30 million, equivalent to RMB196 million).

            (iv)         Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by the Bank amounted to USD43 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB273
                         million (31 December 2020: USD43 million, equivalent to RMB282 million).

            (v)          Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to nil as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: USD40 million,
                         equivalent to RMB261 million).

            (vi)         Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by the Bank amounted to USD21 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB132
                         million (31 December 2020: nil). Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD32 million as of 31
                         December 2021, equivalent to RMB204 million (31 December 2020: USD32 million, equivalent to RMB209 million).

            (vii)        Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to USD5 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB32
                         million (31 December 2020: nil).
China Merchants Bank                    Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                259
Annual Report 2021



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
      Notes: (continued)

      (viii)      Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to RMB500 million as of 31 December 2021(31 December 2020:
                  RMB500 million).

      (ix)        Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to RMB800 million as of 31 December 2021(31 December 2020:
                  nil).

      (x)         Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to USD24 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB155
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (xi)        Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to USD53 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB335
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (xii)       Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBFLC that were held by the Bank amounted to RMB70 million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (xiii)      Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by the Bank amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB191
                  million (31 December 2020: nil). Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD8 million as of 31
                  December 2021, equivalent to RMB51 million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (xiv)       Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to EUR 10 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB72
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).

      (xv)        Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD60 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB382
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).

      As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBICHC were as follows:
                                                                                                                      Discount or
                            Term to     Date of     Annual            Nominal        Beginning             Issue        premium          Exchange       Repayment
      Debt type             maturity    issuance    interest rate        value          balance during the year amortisation            difference during the year Ending balance
                                                    (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
      Fixed rate bond       36 months   9 Jul 2018 3.72              USD 300             1,962                 –                 –              (25)          (1,937)               –
      Fixed rate bond (i)   36 months   2 June 2021 1.38             USD 600                 –             3,874                (6)             (52)               –            3,816
      Total                                                                              1,962             3,874                (6)             (77)          (1,937)           3,816

      (i)         Fixed rate bonds issued by CMBICHC that were held by CMB WLB amounted to USD11 million as of 31 December 2021, equivalent to RMB68
                  million (31 December 2020: nil).
260   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                2021                          2020
            Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                  50,565                       22,557
            Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                     38,500                       31,200
            Continuing involvement liability                                                                                   5,274                        3,128
            Insurance liabilities                                                                                              2,063                        2,021
            Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                    951                        3,610
            Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                      47                          127
            Other payable                                                                                                     42,170                       41,812
            Total                                                                                                           139,570                      104,455

            Note:   Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ annual remunerations of which the payments are delayed for the
                    purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk management results, taking into
                    account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration of risk profiles and
                    profitability, the occurrence of legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant employees
                    will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.




      45. Share capital
            By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                               2021 and 2020
                                                                                                                                                No. of shares
                                                                                                                                                   (in million)
            Listed shares
               – A Shares                                                                                                                                  20,629
               – H Shares                                                                                                                                   4,591
            Total                                                                                                                                          25,220

            All H Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.
                                                                                                                                    Capital
                                                                                                                    No. of shares                        Amount
                                                                                                                       (in million)
            At 1 January 2021 and at 31 December 2021                                                                         25,220                       25,220
China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                          261
Annual Report 2021



46. Other equity instruments
(a)   Preference Shares
                                                      Accounting            Dividend                                                                         Conversion Con-
                                        Issuance date classification             rate    Issue price                   No.        Amount Due date            conditions version
                                                                                                       (millions of shares) (RMB in million)
      Offshore Preference Shares in 2017 25 Oct 2017   Equity instruments     4.40%     USD20/Share                 50           6,597 Perpetual existence   Note (iii)   None
        (note (i))
      Domestic Preference Shares in      22 Dec 2017   Equity instruments     4.81% RMB100/Share                   275          27,468 Perpetual existence   Note (iii)   None
        2017 (note (ii))
      Total                                                                                                        325          34,065

      (i)        Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued US Dollar traded and settled non-cumulative
                 Offshore Preference Shares in the aggregate nominal value of USD1,000 million on 25 October 2017. Each Offshore Preference Share has a
                 nominal value of USD20 and 50 million Offshore Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.40% and subject to
                 reset per agreement subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%.

      (ii)       Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued non-cumulative Domestic Preference Shares in
                 the aggregate nominal value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a nominal value of RMB100
                 and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.81% and subject to reset per agreement
                 subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%.

      (iii)      Both Domestic and Offshore Preference Shares have clauses that state certain events would trigger mandatory conversion, those clauses are as
                 follows:

                 (1)        Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                            to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of Preference Shares, all or part
                            of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares (Domestic Preference Shares) or Ordinary H Shares
                            (Offshore Preference Shares) based on the total nominal value of the Preference Shares in order to restore the Core Tier-1 Capital
                            Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion, the Preference Shares shall be converted on a pro
                            rata basis and on identical conditions.

                 (2)        Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders
                            of Preference Shares, all or part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares (Domestic Preference
                            Shares) or Ordinary H Shares (Offshore Preference Shares) based on the total nominal value of the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital
                            Trigger Event refers the earlier of the following events: 1) CBIRC having concluded that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank
                            would become non-viable, and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of capital or
                            equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable.

                            Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the CBIRC for review and determination.
                            The Bank shall fulfill the relevant information disclosure requirements of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s relevant laws
                            and regulations such as making provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

      Dividends on the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid in cash. Save for such dividend at the agreed dividend rate, the holders of
      the above Preference Shares are not entitled to share the remaining profits of the Bank with the ordinary shareholders. Dividend is non-cumulative.
      The Bank has the right to cancel any dividend on Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed as a default. After the cancellation of
      all or part of the dividend to preference shareholders, the Bank shall not make any ordinary shares distribution, until the Preference Shares dividend is
      resumed in full. As the dividends on the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares are non-cumulative, the Bank will not distribute the dividends that
      were cancelled in prior years to Preference Shares holders.

      The Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, after the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, subject to the satisfaction
      of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares may be redeemed in
      whole or in part at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem preference shares. The holders of Preference Shares
      do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that Preference Shares will be redeemed.

      After deducting the issuance expenses from the Domestic Preference Shares and Offshore Preference Shares above, the total net funds raised amounted
      to RMB34,065 million, which has been included in additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank.
262   China Merchants Bank                         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      46. Other equity instruments (continued)
      (b)   Perpetual Bonds
                                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                     Accounting            Interest                                    (RMB in                         Conversion
                                                       Issuance date classification            rate    Issue price               No. million) Due date                 conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                   (millions of units)
            Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))        9 Jul 2020     Equity instruments    3.95%     RMB100/Unit                500      49,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
            Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))       7 Dec 2021     Equity instruments    3.69%     RMB100/Unit                430      42,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
            Total                                                                                                                930      92,978

            The changes of Perpetual Bonds issued were as follows:
                                                                                      1 January 2021                            Increase                         31 December 2021
                                                                                                      Amount                                 Amount                              Amount
                                                                                                      (RMB in                                (RMB in                             (RMB in
                                                          Issuance date                    No.        million)                    No.        million)                   No.      million)
                                                                             (millions of units)                    (millions of units)                   (millions of units)
            Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i)) 9 Jul 2020                                  500        49,989                       –               –                    500       49,989
            Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii)) 7 Dec 2021                                   –             –                     430          42,989                    430       42,989
            Total                                                                           500        49,989                     430          42,989                    930       92,978

            Note:

            (i)         With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million of 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                        Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2020”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 9 July 2020. The
                        unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2020. In any coupon
                        rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2020 will continue to
                        be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

            (ii)        With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB43,000 million of 2021 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                        Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2021, together with Perpetual Bonds 2020, Perpetual Bonds”) in the national
                        inter-bank bond market on 7 December 2021. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the
                        issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2021. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed
                        fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2021 will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

            From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole
            or in part the Perpetual Bonds on the annual interest payment date (including the interest payment date on the
            fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the CBIRC and the satisfaction of the redemption
            preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Perpetual Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result
            of an unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has the right to redeem the
            whole but not part of the Perpetual Bonds. The investors do not have the right to sell back the Perpetual Bonds to
            the Bank.
            The claims in respect of the Perpetual Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors,
            and subordinated debts that rank senior to the Perpetual Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares
            held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of any other additional Tier-1 capital
            instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Perpetual Bonds.
            The coupon rate will be reset on each benchmark rate reset date (i.e. the date of every five years from the issuance
            date). The adjusted coupon rate will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus
            the fixed spread as determined at the time of issuance. The Perpetual Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up
            mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the right to cancel, in whole or in part, distributions
            on the Perpetual Bonds and any such cancellation will not constitute an event of default. The bond interests are
            non-cumulative, and any cancelled distribution is not carried to the following year. The Bank will fully consider the
            interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank can use the cancelled bond interest for the current
            period at its discretion to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Perpetual Bonds, no matter
            in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to
            ordinary shares.
            Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write off in whole or in part, without
            the need for the consent of the bond holders, the principal amount of the Perpetual Bonds. A Non-Viability Trigger
            Event refers to the earlier of the following events: (i) the CBIRC having concluded that without a write-off, the Bank
            would become non-viable; (ii) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of
            capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable. The write-off will not be restored.
            After deducting the issuance expenses, the funds raised by the bonds have been used to supplement additional Tier
            1 capital of the Bank in accordance with applicable laws and the approval of the relevant authorities.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            263
Annual Report 2021



46. Other equity instruments (continued)
(c)   Relative Information Attributed to Equity Instrument Holders
                                                                                         2021                 2020
      Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                   858,745              723,750
        – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                      731,702              639,696
        – Equity attributed to other equity instrument holders of the Bank            127,043               84,054
        Including: Net profit                                                           3,613                1,651
                   Total comprehensive income                                           3,613                1,651
                   Distributions in current year                                       (3,613)              (1,651)
                   Cumulative undistributed dividends                                       –                    –
      Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                    6,936                6,604
        – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares               3,300                2,851
        – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of perpetual debt
             capital (Note 62)                                                           3,636                3,753




47. Capital reserve
      Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank and can be converted into share capital with the
      shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                         2021                 2020
      At 1 January and 31 December                                                      67,523              67,523




48. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                         2021                 2020
      Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: investment revaluation reserve               11,459                4,281
      Fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI                         2,578                3,064
      Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                               88                   73
      Share of other comprehensive income of equity-accounted investees                    922                  789
      Total                                                                             15,047                8,207




49. Hedging reserve
      The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
      instruments used in cash flow hedges. Subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow is accounted for in
      accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).
264   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      50. Surplus reserve
            Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
            Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
            audited profit after tax of the Bank. Surplus reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or capitalised as paid-
            up capital with the approval of shareholders.
                                                                                                      2021                  2020
            At 1 January                                                                            71,158                62,291
            Provided for the year                                                                   10,979                 8,867
            At 31 December                                                                          82,137                71,158




      51. General reserve
            According to the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Finance, in addition to the impairment allowances, the
            Bank maintains a general reserve according to a certain proportion of the balance of risk assets to make up for
            unidentified potential losses. The general reserve is treated as profit distribution and is an integral part of equity.
            In principle, the balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. The
            general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according
            to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region. The Bank and the Group’s subsidiaries have
            maintained general reserves in accordance with the regulatory requirements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020.
                                                                                                      2021                  2020
            At 1 January                                                                            98,082                90,151
            Provided for the year                                                                   17,206                 7,931
            At 31 December                                                                        115,288                 98,082




      52. Profit appropriations
      (a)   Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                      2021                  2020
            Ordinary share dividends in 2020, approved and declared:
              RMB1.253 per share                                                                    31,601                      –
            Ordinary share dividends in 2019, approved and declared:
              RMB1.20 per share                                                                           –               30,264



      (b)   Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                      2021                  2020
            Statutory surplus reserve                                                               10,979                 8,867
            General reserve                                                                         17,206                 7,931
            Dividends
              – cash dividend: RMB1.522 per shares (2020: RMB1.253 per shares)                      38,385                31,601
            Total                                                                                   66,570                48,399

            2021 final dividends is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors
            held on 18 March 2022 and will be submitted to the 2021 annual general meeting for approval.



      53. Exchange reserve
            Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
            of operations outside Mainland China.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                    265
Annual Report 2021



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s equity
                                                                              2021        2020
      Assets
      Cash                                                                   12,794      12,547
      Precious metals                                                         4,554       7,873
      Balances with central banks                                           543,652     508,385
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   41,632      73,318
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                188,376     217,325
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                  523,516     282,240
      Loans and advances to customers                                     5,023,050   4,510,864
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 290,941     451,978
      Derivative financial assets                                            23,179      46,526
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                  1,183,662   1,047,040
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income     552,498     449,428
      Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                                   6,392       6,693
      Investments in subsidiaries                                           49,495      49,495
      Interests in joint ventures                                           12,582       7,630
      Interests in associates                                                5,521           –
      Investment properties                                                    945       1,057
      Property and equipment                                                26,833      26,300
      Right-of-use assets                                                   17,701      18,200
      Intangible assets                                                      3,228       3,961
      Deferred tax assets                                                   79,712      71,043
      Other assets                                                         109,871      74,233
      Total assets                                                        8,700,134   7,866,136
      Liabilities
      Borrowing from central banks                                          159,987     331,622
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  732,631     699,161
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 55,710      59,494
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             36,105      36,600
      Derivative financial liabilities                                       26,866      49,624
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                              137,857     126,673
      Deposits from customers                                             6,150,241   5,443,144
      Salaries and welfare payable                                           15,853      12,194
      Tax payable                                                            20,926      17,205
      Contract liabilities                                                    7,536       6,829
      Lease liabilities                                                      13,164      13,468
      Provisions                                                             14,503       8,201
      Debt securities issued                                                398,672     291,246
      Other liabilities                                                     119,395      86,218
      Total liabilities                                                   7,889,446   7,181,679
      Equity
      Share capital                                                         25,220      25,220
      Other equity instruments                                             127,043      84,054
      Capital reserve                                                       76,681      76,681
      Investment revaluation reserve                                        14,866       7,951
      Hedging reserve                                                            –         (26)
      Surplus reserve                                                       82,137      71,158
      General reserve                                                      105,941      94,067
      Retained earnings                                                    340,271     293,523
      Proposed profit appropriations                                        38,385      31,601
      Exchange reserve                                                         144         228
      Total equity                                                         810,688     684,457
      Total equity and liabilities                                        8,700,134   7,866,136
266   China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s equity (continued)
            Details of the changes in the Bank’s equity are as follows:
                                                                  Other equity instruments
                                                                                             Investment                                       Proposed
                                                          Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                         capital    shares    bonds reserve      reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation   reserve     Total
            At 1 January 2021                            25,220        34,065      49,989    76,681    7,951    (26) 71,158   94,067   293,523    31,601      228   684,457
            Changes in equity for the year                    –             –      42,989         –    6,915    26   10,979   11,874    46,748     6,784      (84) 126,231
            Net profit for the year                           –             –           –         –        –     –        –        –   109,794          –       – 109,794
            Other comprehensive income for the year           –             –           –         –    8,720    26        –        –         –          –     (84)  8,662
            Total comprehensive income for the year           –             –           –         –    8,720    26        –        –   109,794          –     (84) 118,456
            Issue of perpetual bonds                          –             –      42,989         –        –     –        –        –         –          –       –    42,989
            Profit appropriations                             –             –           –         –        –     –   10,979   11,874   (64,851)     6,784       –   (35,214)
            Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve        –             –           –         –        –     –   10,979        –   (10,979)         –       –         –
            Appropriation to general reserve                  –             –           –         –        –     –        –   11,874   (11,874)         –       –         –
            Dividends paid for the year 2020                  –             –           –         –        –     –        –        –         –    (31,601)      –   (31,601)
            Proposed dividends for the year 2021              –             –           –         –        –     –        –        –   (38,385)    38,385       –         –
            Dividends paid for preference shares              –             –           –         –        –     –        –        –    (1,638)         –       –    (1,638)
            Distribution to perpetual bonds                   –             –           –         –        –     –        –        –    (1,975)         –       -    (1,975)
            Transfers within equity upon disposal
               of equity instruments designated at
               FVTOCI                                         –             –           –         –   (1,805)    –        –        –     1,805          –       –         –
            At 31 December 2021                          25,220        34,065      92,978    76,681   14,866     –   82,137 105,941    340,271    38,385      144   810,688
China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                   267
Annual Report 2021



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s equity (continued)
                                                             Other equity instruments
                                                                                                  Investment                                                Proposed
                                                    Share     Preference    Perpetual   Capital   revaluation   Hedging    Surplus General Retained            profit   Exchange
                                                   capital        shares       bonds    reserve       reserve    reserve   reserve reserve earnings     appropriation     reserve     Total
      At 1 January 2020                            25,220        34,065             –   76,681         8,676        (26) 62,291     85,820   255,155          30,264         206    578,352
      Changes in equity for the year                    –              –      49,989         –          (725)         –     8,867    8,247    38,368           1,337          22    106,105
      Net profit for the year                           –              –            –        –             –          –         –        –    88,674               –           –     88,674
      Other comprehensive income for the year           –              –            –        –          (665)         –         –        –         –               –          22       (643)
      Total comprehensive income for the year           –              –            –        –          (665)         –         –        –    88,674               –          22     88,031
      Issue of perpetual bonds                          –              –      49,989         –             –          –         –        –         –               –           –     49,989
      Profit appropriations                             –              –           –         –             –          –     8,867    8,247   (50,366)          1,337           –    (31,915)
      Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve        –              –           –         –             –          –     8,867        –    (8,867)              –           –          –
      Appropriation to general reserve                  –              –           –         –             –          –         –    8,247    (8,247)              –           –          –
      Dividends paid for the year 2019                  –              –           –         –             –          –         –        –         –         (30,264)          –    (30,264)
      Proposed dividends for the year 2020              –              –           –         –             –          –         –        –   (31,601)         31,601           –          –
      Dividends paid for preference shares              –              –           –         –             –          –         –        –    (1,651)              –           –     (1,651)
      Transfers within equity upon disposal
         of equity instruments designated at
         FVTOCI                                         –              –            –        –           (60)         –         –        –        60               –           –           –
      At 31 December 2020                          25,220        34,065       49,989    76,681         7,951        (26) 71,158     94,067   293,523          31,601         228    684,457




55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement
(a)   Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
      original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                                 2021                               2020
      Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                                    79,129                           37,496
      Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                                     75,919                           83,688
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                                  65,897                          111,706
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                                   527,341                          282,867
      Debt securities investments                                                                                                             53,468                           37,033
      Total                                                                                                                                  801,754                          552,790
268   China Merchants Bank               Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement (continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
            changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
            consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.
                                                     Negotiable      Certificates          Debt
                                                      interbank       of deposit      securities                                   Other
                                                     certificates         issued         issued         Interest   Dividend     financial         Lease
                                                      of deposit          (Note)         (Note)         payable     payable    liabilities    liabilities       Total
            At 1 January 2021                            144,816          19,084       194,775            1,985          26       23,047         14,242      397,975
            Cash changes:
              Proceeds from the issue                    319,707          14,692         63,872               –           –        6,860              –       405,131
              Repayment                                 (226,012)        (21,363)       (55,771)              –           –       (3,697)        (4,835)     (311,678)
              Interest/dividend paid                      (3,768)              –              –          (7,630)    (35,685)           –              –       (47,083)
            Non-cash changes:
              Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –             –                –           –            –          3,850        3,850
              Accrued interest                                 –               –             –            7,749           –            –            555        8,304
              Dividend declared                                –               –             –                –      35,685            –              –       35,685
              Discount or premium amortisation             5,541            (811)           53                –           –            –              –        4,783
              Fair value adjustments                           –             (15)         (257)               –           –          656              –          384
              Exchange difference                              –            (495)       (1,530)               –           –         (216)             –       (2,241)
            At 31 December 2021                          240,284          11,092       201,142            2,104          26       26,650         13,812      495,110

                                                      Negotiable     Certificates           Debt
                                                       interbank      of deposit       securities                                   Other
                                                      certificates        issued          issued        Interest   Dividend     financial          Lease
                                                       of deposit         (Note)          (Note)        payable     payable     liabilities    liabilities      Total
            At 1 January 2020                            349,284          26,774       209,271            2,829          26        9,325         14,379      611,888
            Cash changes:
              Proceeds from the issue                    213,011          22,592         33,606               –           –       14,417              –       283,626
              Repayment                                 (413,820)        (28,992)       (45,486)              –           –         (867)        (4,644)     (493,809)
              Interest/dividend paid                     (10,670)              –              –          (8,820)    (32,321)           –              –       (51,811)
            Non-cash changes:
              Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –             –                –           –            –          3,911        3,911
              Accrued interest                                 –               –             –            7,976           –            –            596        8,572
              Dividend declared                                –               –             –                –      32,321            –              –       32,321
              Discount or premium amortisation             7,042             (88)         (278)               –           –            –              –        6,676
              Fair value adjustments                           –              43           179                –           –          262              –          484
              Exchange difference                            (31)         (1,245)       (2,517)               –           –          (90)             –       (3,883)
            At 31 December 2020                          144,816          19,084       194,775            1,985          26       23,047         14,242      397,975

            Note：    Including financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss.




      (c)   Significant non-cash transactions
            There were no significant non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   269
Annual Report 2021



56. Operating segments
      The Group’s principal activities are providing corporate and personal banking services, conducting treasury business,
      providing asset management and other financial services.
      The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by both business lines and geography.



(1)   Wholesale finance business
      The financial services for corporate clients, government agencies, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
      service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
      inter-bank business such as placement and repurchase, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
      services.



(2)   Retail finance business
      The financial services provided to retail customers include: loan and deposit service, bank card service, wealth
      management services, private banking and other services.



(3)   Other Business
      Other business includes: property leasing and businesses operated by subsidiaries other than CMB WLB, associates
      and joint ventures. None of these segments meet any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segment division.
      For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
      income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
      expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
      account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
      costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
      The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies as stated in Note
      4. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment transactions are
      offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2021 and 2020. Internal transactions are
      conducted at fair value.
270   China Merchants Bank                    Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                        Wholesale                        Retail
                                                                     finance business               finance business               Other business                       Total
                                                                      2021           2020            2021            2020           2021            2020         2021               2020
            External net interest income                            18,923          16,828      135,412           124,362          49,584         43,841      203,919            185,031
            Internal net interest income/(expense)                  69,222          65,461      (18,571)          (21,019)        (50,651)       (44,442)           –                  –
            Net interest income                                     88,145          82,289      116,841           103,343          (1,067)          (601)     203,919            185,031
            Net fee and commission income                           24,807          24,017          60,155         51,426           9,485          4,043       94,447             79,486
            Other net income                                        20,943          15,723           2,018          1,519           6,050          5,639       29,011             22,881
            Operating income                                       133,895         122,029      179,014           156,288         14,468           9,081      327,377            287,398
            Operating expenses
             – Property, equipment and investment
                  properties depreciation                           (1,917)         (1,722)       (2,860)          (2,653)         (4,080)        (3,340)      (8,857)            (7,715)
             – Right-of-use assets depreciation                     (1,672)         (1,722)       (2,367)          (2,484)           (220)          (210)      (4,259)            (4,416)
             – Other                                               (40,772)        (34,831)      (56,451)         (50,677)         (6,540)        (5,175)    (103,763)           (90,683)
            Reportable segment profit before
              impairment losses                                     89,534          83,754      117,336           100,474           3,628            356      210,498            184,584
            Expected credit losses and impairment
              losses on other assets                               (25,946)        (28,317)      (39,627)         (36,640)           (782)           (68)      (66,355)          (65,025)
            Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            –               –             –                –           4,030          2,881         4,030             2,881
            Reportable segment profit before taxation               63,588          55,437          77,709         63,834          6,876           3,169      148,173            122,440
            Capital expenditure (note(i))                            2,278           2,550           3,278          3,738         18,206          10,835       23,762             17,123



                                                      Wholesale finance business        Retail finance business                 Other business                      Total
                                                     31 December    31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December           31 December
                                                            2021           2020        2021                  2020        2021                  2020        2021                  2020
            Reportable segment assets                  4,954,212       4,489,868        2,908,405        2,617,109          1,286,507        1,163,007      9,149,124           8,269,984
            Of which: Interest in associates and
              joint ventures                                   –               –                –                –            23,654           14,922          23,654              14,922
            Reportable segment liabilities             4,980,618       4,477,918        2,329,192        2,075,680           972,858          994,548       8,282,668           7,548,146

            Note:

            (i)        Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring long-term segment assets.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                         271
Annual Report 2021



56. Operating segments (continued)
(b)   Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
      and other material items
                                                                            2021               2020
      Operating income for reportable segments                            327,377            287,398
      Total profit before income tax for reportable segments              148,173            122,440

                                                                 31 December 2021   31 December 2020
      Assets
      Total assets for reportable segments                              9,149,124          8,269,984
      Goodwill                                                              9,954              9,954
      Intangible assets                                                       571                629
      Deferred tax assets                                                  81,639             72,893
      Other unallocated assets                                              7,733              7,988
      Consolidated total assets                                         9,249,021          8,361,448
      Liabilities
      Total liabilities for reportable segments                         8,282,668          7,548,146
      Tax payable                                                          22,491             18,648
      Deferred tax liabilities                                              1,353              1,073
      Other unallocated liabilities                                        76,828             63,227
      Consolidated total liabilities                                    8,383,340          7,631,094
272   China Merchants Bank                     Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)   Geographical segments
            The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
            municipalities directly under the central government in Mainland China. The Group also has branches operating
            in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, London, Sydney and Luxembourg, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong,
            Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing and Luxembourg and representative offices in Beijing, New York and Taipei.
            In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
            location of the branches and subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
            allocated based on the geographical location of the underlying assets.
            To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
            –          “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter and credit card centres;

            –          “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                       province;
            –          “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches and representative offices in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality,
                       Shandong province and Hebei province;
            –          “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

            –          “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

            –          “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                       Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
            –          “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                       province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                       region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                       autonomous region;
            –          “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                       and representative offices in New York and Taipei; and
            –          “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB,
                       CMBICHC, CMBFLC, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A. and CIGNA & CMAM, etc.
                                                              Total assets              Total liabilities          Non-current assets        Profit before tax   Operating income
                                                      31 December    31 December 31 December      31 December 31 December    31 December
            Geographical information                         2021           2020        2021             2020        2021           2020      2021       2020      2021      2020
            Headquarter                                 4,155,509       3,779,914   3,492,876        3,249,998     51,220          40,757    42,939     19,611   145,403   124,809
            Yangtze River Delta region                  1,199,329       1,045,508   1,177,342        1,026,332      6,198           6,149    24,092     24,297    41,451    35,897
            Bohai Rim region                              725,595         640,583     711,389          625,403      4,319           4,525    17,971     19,829    31,286    28,261
            Pearl River Delta and West Coast region       997,986         896,144     979,018          871,249      4,432           4,263    22,252     21,606    35,379    32,588
            Northeast region                              169,282         165,961     166,933          164,666      1,617           1,790     2,919      1,854     6,108     5,785
            Central region                                567,191         513,998     559,499          504,742      3,958           4,132     9,744     12,227    19,448    18,040
            Western region                                590,272         517,523     580,623          508,471      3,877           4,150    12,191     11,611    20,192    18,321
            Overseas                                      210,633         220,214     208,569          215,032        861           1,053     1,575      1,650     2,632     2,830
            Subsidiaries                                  633,224         581,603     507,091          465,201     61,382          53,017    14,490      9,755    25,478    20,867
            Total                                       9,249,021       8,361,448   8,383,340        7,631,094    137,864         119,836   148,173   122,440    327,377   287,398

            Note:      Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
                       assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            273
Annual Report 2021



57. Assets pledged as security
      The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks and liabilities under
      repurchase or placement arrangements:
                                                                                               2021                2020
      Borrowing from central banks                                                           159,357            329,611
      Placements from Banks and other financial institutions                                   7,517              7,080
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                               157,572            142,881
      Subtotal                                                                               324,446            479,572
      Assets pledged
        – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               29,241             11,291
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                 195,166            345,302
        – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                   34,441             35,787
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                     81,357            120,238
      Total                                                                                  340,205            512,618

      The transactions under repurchase or placement agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and
      customary to standard borrowing and placing activities.



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
(a)   Credit commitments
      At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
      approved loans and credit card limits.
      The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
      parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
      expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
      The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
      The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amounts reflected
      in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
      the end of the reporting period if counterparties default.
                                                                                        2021
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                    –Stage 1      ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                                  (12-month        credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                        ECL)   impaired)        impaired)          Total
      Irrevocable guarantees                                        197,208        7,353                254      204,815
      Of which: Financial guarantees                                 52,198        6,337                  3       58,538
                  Non-financing letters of guarantees               145,010        1,016                251      146,277
      Irrevocable letters of credit                                 162,320        1,711                188      164,219
      Bills of acceptances                                          339,155        5,684                790      345,629
      Irrevocable loan commitments                                  141,727        4,896                  2      146,625
         – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)       26,611            –                  2       26,613
         – with an original maturity over 1 year                    115,116        4,896                  –      120,012
      Credit card unused commitments                              1,231,831        7,903                122    1,239,856
      Other                                                         126,995        1,555                  –      128,550
      Total                                                       2,199,236       29,102               1,356   2,229,694
274   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (a)   Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                               2020
                                                                                       –Stage 2
                                                                                       (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                          –Stage 1      ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                                        (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                              ECL)    impaired)         impaired)         Total
            Irrevocable guarantees                                        212,580           508               265      213,353
            Of which: Financial guarantees                                 95,914           399                 3       96,316
                        Non-financing letters of guarantees               116,666           109               262      117,037
            Irrevocable letters of credit                                 120,748           241                 3      120,992
            Bills of acceptances                                          265,213         1,671               292      267,176
            Irrevocable loan commitments                                  209,483         3,132                45      212,660
               – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      120,671           198                45      120,914
               – with an original maturity over 1 year                     88,812         2,934                 –       91,746
            Credit card unused commitments                              1,128,152         6,468               113    1,134,733
            Other                                                         100,419             –                 –      100,419
            Total                                                       2,036,595       12,020                718    2,049,333

            As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit included sight letters of credit of RMB16,974
            million (31 December 2020: RMB12,965 million), usance letters of credit of RMB9,552 million (31 December 2020:
            RMB6,516 million), and other commitments of RMB137,693 million (31 December 2020: RMB101,511 million).
            Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
            and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
            Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB4,441,835 million at 31
            December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB3,606,998 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
            or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
            lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
            result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                      2021                2020
            Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                  593,062            470,782

            The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitments in accordance
            with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued by the
            CBIRC. The amount within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the Internal Ratings-
            Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is used to calculate those that are not eligible for the Internal Ratings-
            Based Approach.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                275
Annual Report 2021



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(b)   Capital commitments
      The authorised capital commitments of the Group were as follows:
                                                                                            2021                  2020
      – Contracted for                                                                        480                  507
      – Authorised but not contracted for                                                     234                  294
      Total                                                                                   714                  801

      The lease commitments of the Group as a lessor are detailed in note 58 (e).



(c)   Outstanding litigations
      At 31 December 2021, the Bank or other group entities was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with total
      gross claims of RMB1,678 million (2020: RMB573 million). The Group considers that no material losses would be
      incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has been made in the
      consolidated financial statements.



(d)   Redemption obligations
      As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
      holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before
      their maturity date is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date.
      Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant requirements set by the
      MOF or the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the
      redemption date.
      The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
      Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                            2021                  2020
      Redemption obligations                                                               30,020               27,095

      The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
      Group will not be material.



(e)   Lease commitments
      Operating lease commitments and financial lease commitments where the Group is a lessor at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                            2021                  2020
      Operating lease commitments                                                          13,750               10,419
      Financial lease commitments                                                           7,421                1,884
      Total                                                                                21,171               12,303
276   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      59. Transactions on behalf of customers
      (a)   Entrusted lending business
            The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
            business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
            on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
            usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
            instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
            an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
            Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
            position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss as fee and commission income.
            At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                                        2021                       2020
            Entrusted loans                                                                                         263,589                    264,107
            Entrusted funds                                                                                        (263,589)                  (264,107)



      (b)   Wealth management services
            The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
            corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
            services are invested in investment products, including government bonds, policy bank bonds, short term corporate
            debt instruments and trust loans. The Group initiated the launch of wealth management products. The investment
            risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in these products. The Group does not
            consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission which represents the charges on
            customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
            The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
            recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
            management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
            At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed
            wealth management services were as follows:
                                                                                                                        2021                       2020
            Funds received from customers under wealth management services                                        2,683,636                  2,386,085

            Note:   Funds received from customers under wealth management services are the funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-
                    guaranteed wealth management services.




      (c)   Entrusted management of insurance funds
            The entrusted management of insurance funds mainly refers to the business that the Group carries out investment
            activities on funds entrusted by insurance companies according to the regulatory policies and the investment
            guidelines from insurance companies, and charges fees for providing such services.
            At the end of the reporting period, the balance of entrusted funds was as follows:
                                                                                                                        2021                       2020
            Entrusted management of insurance funds                                                                   86,098                            –
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     277
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management
(a)   Credit risk
      Credit risk represents the potential losses that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
      obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
      industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
      same economic factors, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
      The Group designs its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify, evaluate
      and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed by the
      board of directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work process
      and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
      With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
      Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions, including each
      business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout the entire
      credit process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring.
      With respect to the credit risk management of corporate financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
      guidelines, enhances the standards on credit acceptance and management requirements for corporate, interbank
      and institutional clients, and implements limits in key risk areas to improve the quality of credit exposure.
      With respect to credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group mainly relies on the credit assessment
      of applicants as the basis for loan approval, which takes into consideration the income level, credit history, and
      repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on borrowers’ repayment
      ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes overdue, the Group starts
      the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
      To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
      guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or risks migrating measures. Collateral
      portfolio and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they remain sufficient for the given risks and be
      consistent with market practices.
      In respect of loan classification, the Group adopts a risk based loan classification methodology. Currently, the Group
      categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis in order to refine internal risk classification management
      (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
      The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved in
      loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application, post-
      lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
      Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers carry out the same business activities, locate in
      the same geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their
      obligations may be affected by the same economic factors. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the
      sensitivity of the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of
      credit risk, the Group has formulated a limit management policy to monitor and analyse its loan portfolio.
      Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are presented in Note 22.
278   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (i)     Internal credit risk rating
              The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The internal credit risk rating is based on the
              forecasted default risk, taking into consideration qualitative and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale
              business, such factors include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate, industry, etc. For customers of retail
              business, such factors include maturity, ageing, collateral ratio, etc.


      (ii)    Significant increase in credit risk
              As describe in Note 4(5), the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
              risk of default occurring on the financial instrument and other items at the reporting date with that at the date of
              initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers an actual or expected significant deterioration
              in the financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note 60(a)(i)), as well as internal early warning signal, the
              result of loan classification and overdue information. The Group regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are
              applicable to the current situation. During the reporting period, the Group further deepened the application of the
              early warning signal and improved the ability of the model to distinguish risks.
              For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions is met:
              the loan classification is special-mentioned; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating of
              the customer has been downgraded to certain level; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a certain
              level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group.
              For retail and credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following
              conditions is met: the loan classification is special-mentioned; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer
              or the debt has credit risk early warning signal; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the
              Group.
              The Group has made deferred repayment and interest payment arrangements for some debtors affected by the
              COVID-19. However, the deferred repayment and interest payment arrangements will not directly lead to the
              conclusion that the debtors’ credit risk has increased significantly. Instead, the Group will make a comprehensive
              judgement based on the risk indicators.
              A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
              capability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
              business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
              cash flow obligations.
              For loan commitment and financial guarantee, the date when the commitment becomes irrevocable is considered as
              the initial recognition date.
              The Group considers that a debt instrument is impaired when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss
              (debt instruments with more than 90 days overdue are included in these 3 categories).


      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    279
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(iv)    Incorporation of forward-looking information
        The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
        to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by authoritative institutions
        and internal risk data without undue cost or effort for modelling. During the reporting period, in addition to the
        common economic indicators such as Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), Producer
        Price Index (“PPI”) and Broad Money Supply (“M2”), the Group expands its macroeconomic index database by
        including various categories of indicators such as industry index, interest and exchange rate, and survey index.
        Based on statistical analysis and expert judgements, the Group sets up multiple forward-looking scenarios to predict
        macroeconomic indicators and risk parameters. The Group will firstly refer to the forecasts issued by external
        authoritative institutions as the forecasts of economic indicators under the baseline scenario. If there is no external
        forecasts, the Group will refer to the forecasts issued by the professionals of the Bank and the outputs of the
        models. For the forecasts of economic indicators under the remaining scenarios, the Group will refer to the actual
        historical data for analysis and forecast. Taking GDP (year-on-year growth rate) and CPI (month-on-month increase)
        as an example, the forecasts adopted by the Group for 2022 under the baseline scenario are 5.34% (2021: 8.84%)
        and 2.43% (2021: 2.11%) respectively.
        Combined with quantitative measurement and expert judgement, the Group sets the weighting of multiple scenarios
        based on the principle of taking the baseline scenario as the main and the other scenarios as supplement. The
        weight of the baseline scenario of the Group as at 31 December 2021 is the highest. According to the sensitivity
        test results of the Group, when the weighting of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the
        baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2021 will decrease by approximately 3.4%
        compared to the current result (at 31 December 2020: will decrease by approximately 1%). When the weighting of
        the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL
        amount at 31 December 2021 will increase by approximately 1.5% compared to the current result (at 31 December
        2020: will increase by approximately 2.5%).
        The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
        expected credit loss (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit loss (stage 2 and stage 3).
        As the COVID-19 is still evolving, the Group’s expected credit loss model as at 31 December 2021 fully reflected the
        impact of the COVID-19 on the macroeconomic environment through continuous updating of internal and external
        data, model optimisation and other measures.


(v)     Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
        The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The models
        are divided based on shared risk characteristics, and the reference indicators include the loan classification, business
        type and collateral type.


(vi)    Maximum exposure
        The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account of any collateral held or other credit
        enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets (including derivatives) as disclosed in the
        consolidated statement of financial position and the contract amount of the irrevocable credit commitments
        disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December 2021, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure was
        RMB11,235,033 million (31 December 2020: RMB10,192,927 million).


(vii)   Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
        The carrying amount of loans and advances that were credit impaired and the terms had been renegotiated was
        RMB16,517 million as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB24,878 million).
280   China Merchants Bank                Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (viii)   Credit quality of debt investments
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of debt investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                         2021                2020
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                                  340                  710
               Impairment allowances                                                                                     (228)                (428)
               Subtotal                                                                                                   112                 282
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                                 1,345,363             823,893
               AA+ to AA-                                                                                             29,468             242,828
               A+ to A-                                                                                              422,427             398,206
               Lower than A-                                                                                          28,415              83,314
               Unrated                                                                                                57,994              50,525
               Impairment allowances                                                                                 (10,935)             (7,047)
               Subtotal                                                                                            1,872,732           1,591,719
               Total                                                                                               1,872,844           1,592,001

               Note 1: Bonds issued by the governments and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB1,596,105 million as at 31 December 2021 (31
                       December 2020: RMB1,290,843 million).

               Note 2: The impairment allowances above is for debt investments at amortised cost only.




      (ix)     Collateral
               An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
               overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                                         2021                2020
               Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements
                 held against – Loans and advances to customers                                                          4,124              7,358



      (x)      Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
               Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                                           –Stage 2
                                                                                                          (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                                        –Stage 1            ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                                                      (12-month              credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                                            ECL)         impaired)        impaired)          Total
               Balance as at the beginning of the year                                 4,517,239            76,286           53,615     4,647,140
               Net changes for the year                                                  468,264            (4,154)          (1,093)      463,017
               Transfer to
                 – Stage 1                                                                 20,436          (20,293)            (143)            –
                 – Stage 2                                                                (69,411)          69,966             (555)            –
                 – Stage 3                                                                (23,692)         (10,451)          34,143             –
               Write-offs                                                                       –                –          (35,105)      (35,105)
               Balance as at the end of the year                                       4,912,836           111,354           50,862     5,075,052
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             281
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)   Credit risk (continued)
(x)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
      Loans and advances measured at amortised cost: (continued)
                                                                                         2020
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                    4,088,065        80,141            52,565    4,220,771
      Net changes for the year                                     471,854        (8,929)            7,178      470,103
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                    10,882      (10,782)             (100)           –
        – Stage 2                                                   (31,708)      32,735            (1,027)           –
        – Stage 3                                                   (21,854)     (16,879)           38,733            –
      Write-offs                                                          –            –           (43,734)     (43,734)
      Balance as at the end of the year                          4,517,239        76,286            53,615    4,647,140

      Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                         2021
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime          –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)         impaired)        Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                    1,044,826            971           14,590    1,060,387
      Net changes for the year                                     140,141           (656)           9,487      148,972
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                         –             –                –            –
        – Stage 2                                                    (1,647)        1,647                –            –
        – Stage 3                                                         –             –                –            –
      Write-offs                                                          –             –                –            –
      Balance as at the end of the year                          1,183,320          1,962           24,077    1,209,359

                                                                                         2020
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                      916,206            580            4,681     921,467
      Net changes for the year                                     129,902            (29)          10,869     140,742
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                         –             –                –            –
        – Stage 2                                                      (420)          420                –            –
        – Stage 3                                                      (862)            –              862            –
      Write-offs                                                          –             –           (1,822)      (1,822)
      Balance as at the end of the year                          1,044,826            971           14,590    1,060,387
282   China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (xi)   Credit quality of financial instruments
             The staging analysis for loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed in
             note 22, note 23(b) and 60(a)(x)respectively. The staging analysis for credit commitments and the expected credit
             loss allowances of financial guarantees and loan commitments are disclosed in note 58(a) and 42 respectively. The
             staging analysis for other financial instruments is as follows:
                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                  Principal                                      Expected credit loss
                                                                             Stage 2                                               Stage 2
                                                                           (Lifetime     Stage 3                                 (Lifetime     Stage 3
                                                               Stage 1      ECL-not    (Lifetime                     Stage 1      ECL-not    (Lifetime
                                                            (12-month         credit- ECL-credit-                 (12-month         credit- ECL-credit-
                                                                  ECL)    impaired) impaired)             Total         ECL)    impaired) impaired)           Total
             Balances with central banks                       553,655              –              –    553,655            –              –              –        –
             Balances with banks and other financial
               institutions                                     80,653              –             11     80,664        (367)              –           (11)    (378)
             Placements with banks and other
               financial institutions                          196,245           106               –    196,351       (2,859)           (1)             –    (2,860)
             Amounts held under resale agreements              528,424             –             140    528,564       (4,123)            –           (140)   (4,263)
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                        626,007         2,236             112    628,355       (4,700)         (875)        (1,047)   (6,622)

                                                                                                              2020
                                                                                   Principal                                      Expected credit loss
                                                                             Stage 2                                               Stage 2
                                                                            (Lifetime        Stage 3                              (Lifetime       Stage 3
                                                                Stage 1      ECL-not        (Lifetime                Stage 1       ECL-not       (Lifetime
                                                             (12-month         credit-    ECL-credit-             (12-month          credit-   ECL-credit-
                                                                   ECL)    impaired)       impaired)      Total         ECL)     impaired)      impaired)     Total
             Balances with central banks                       525,118              –              –    525,118            –              –              –        –
             Balances with banks and other financial
               institutions                                    103,437              –             11    103,448        (266)              –           (11)    (277)
             Placements with banks and other
               financial institutions                          225,411         1,105               –    226,516         (345)           (31)            –      (376)
             Amounts held under resale agreements              286,739             –             140    286,879         (603)             –          (140)     (743)
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                        510,011            14             282    510,307       (2,915)             –        (1,099)   (4,014)

             Note:     The balances disclosed above do not include interest receivable.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      283
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk
      Market risk refers to the risk of loss due to changes in observable market factors such as interest rates, exchange
      rates, commodity prices and stock prices, resulting in changes in the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s
      financial instruments. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors relevant to the
      Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading book and banking
      book. The financial instruments and positions under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
      purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments can be traded
      without any restriction. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group
      for determinable return with relative stable market value or for the purposes of hedging the risks, which include
      both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposure.


(i)   Foreign exchange risk
      Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
      currency and foreign currency derivative positions, which expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
      unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in
      RMB, and the other currencies are mainly in USD and HKD. The Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
      supervision of foreign exchange risk management, and establishes a foreign currency risk management governance
      structure. This structure specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of
      supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management
      of foreign exchange risk. The Group is prudent in its foreign exchange risk appetite, and would not voluntarily take
      foreign exchange risk, which suits the current development stage of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk
      management policies and procedures of the Group meet the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the
      Group.


      (1)    Trading book
             The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which covers exchange
             rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book to facilitate centralised management. The
             structure, process and method of exchange rate risk management of trading book are consistent with that of
             the interest rate risk management of trading book.
             The Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR,
             covers interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test
             loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index in its management of foreign exchange
             risk. The management methods include delegation, setting limits, daily monitoring and continuous reporting,
             etc.
284   China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)   Market risk (continued)
      (i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (2)    Banking book
                   The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is centrally managed by the Head Office. The
                   Asset and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book
                   foreign exchange risk management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this. The
                   treasurer is responsible for managing the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent
                   approach and compliance with the regulatory requirements, and through approaches such as transaction
                   limits and adjustment of plans.
                   The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB financial
                   assets and liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to control it within
                   an acceptable range.
                   The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
                   for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses the
                   foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly basis
                   under the limit control framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
                   exchange rate movements to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on its banking book.
                   The Group continues to strengthen banking book exchange rate risk monitoring and authorisation
                   management of limits to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
            (3)    Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                                2021
                                                                            Equivalent in RMB                          Main original currency
                                                           RMB          USD          HKD         Other         Total        USD           HKD
                   Assets
                   Cash and balances with central
                     banks                              487,777      57,919        18,482         2,787     566,965        9,089       22,611
                   Amounts due from banks and other
                     financial institutions              668,673    108,887        12,162         8,356      798,078     17,085        14,879
                   Loans and advances to customers     4,992,946    156,000       141,605        34,960    5,325,511     24,478       173,238
                   Financial investments (including
                     derivative financial assets)      2,037,147    108,939        20,348        10,081    2,176,515     17,095        24,893
                   Other assets                          254,488    111,972        10,513         4,979      381,952     17,569        12,862
                   Total                               8,441,031    543,717       203,110        61,163    9,249,021     85,316       248,483
                   Liabilities
                   Borrowing from central banks and
                     amounts due to banks and other
                     financial institutions            1,115,553    108,820         4,894         9,327    1,238,594     17,075         5,988
                   Deposits from customers             5,830,585    346,349       129,300        40,844    6,347,078     54,346       158,184
                   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                     (including derivative financial
                     liabilities)                        71,041      18,554         1,438            10      91,043        2,911        1,759
                   Debt securities issued               390,550      50,425           221         3,345     444,541        7,912          270
                   Other liabilities                    235,507      16,336         9,317           924     262,084        2,565       11,399
                   Total                               7,643,236    540,484       145,170        54,450    8,383,340     84,809       177,600
                   Net position                         797,795        3,233       57,940         6,713     865,681         507        70,883
                   Net off-balance sheet position:
                   Credit commitments (note (i))       2,117,722     71,179        24,448        16,345    2,229,694     11,169        29,909
                   Derivatives:
                    – forward purchased                 459,207      451,419        8,554        16,144     935,324       70,833        10,465
                    – forward sold                     (388,786)    (395,153)     (10,651)       (9,748)   (804,338)     (62,004)      (13,030)
                    – net currency option position      (93,522)      38,175            8         3,059     (52,280)       5,990            10
                   Total                                 (23,101)    94,441        (2,089)        9,455      78,706      14,819         (2,555)
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                  285
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (3)    Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                       2020
                                                                                   Equivalent in RMB                                  Main original currency
                                                            RMB             USD             HKD           Other            Total           USD             HKD
             Assets
             Cash and balances with central
               banks                                    482,885          31,302           21,446          2,573        538,206            4,786         25,419
             Amounts due from banks and other
               financial institutions                   430,766         142,362           26,582         15,737        615,447          21,769          31,507
             Loans and advances to customers          4,423,821         193,624          134,443         42,814      4,794,702          29,606         159,350
             Financial investments (including
               derivative financial assets)           1,955,095          98,394           27,110         14,111      2,094,710          15,045          32,132
             Other assets                               211,776          89,613           13,099          3,895        318,383          13,701          15,525
             Total                                    7,504,343         555,295          222,680         79,130      8,361,448          84,907         263,933
             Liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks and
               amounts due to banks and other
               financial institutions                 1,222,006          90,234           13,122         10,011      1,335,373          13,798          15,553
             Deposits from customers                  5,079,939         354,012          158,228         36,157      5,628,336          54,132         187,541
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL
               (including derivative financial
               liabilities)                              80,802          26,958            2,432            220        110,412            4,122          2,883
             Debt securities issued                     291,536          48,293              902          3,425        344,156            7,384          1,069
             Other liabilities                          185,522          15,592            8,523          3,180        212,817            2,384         10,102
             Total                                    6,859,805         535,089          183,207         52,993      7,631,094          81,820         217,148
             Net position                               644,538          20,206           39,473         26,137        730,354            3,087         46,785
             Net off-balance sheet position:
             Credit commitments (note (i))            1,920,009          89,591           21,901         17,832      2,049,333          13,699          25,958
             Derivatives:
              – forward purchased                       524,948         499,708           19,346         13,595      1,057,597           76,410          22,930
              – forward sold                           (449,079)       (425,752)         (13,061)       (26,723)      (914,615)         (65,102)        (15,481)
              – net currency option position            (46,676)         20,570               18         45,821         19,733            3,145              21
             Total                                       29,193          94,526            6,303         32,693        162,715          14,453            7,470

             Notes:



             (i)       Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn down, therefore the above net position does not represent the future
                       cash outflows.

             (ii)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
286   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
             (3)    Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                    Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
                    the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net profit and equity. The
                    following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on the assets
                    and liabilities of all foreign currencies involved at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.
                                                                                2021                             2020
                    Change in foreign currency exchange rate        Down by 1%         Up by 1%      Down by 1%         Up by 1%
                    (Decrease)/increase in net profit                         (79)             79            (232)            232
                    (Decrease)/increase in equity                           (262)             262            (402)            402

                    Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
                    rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


      (ii)   Interest rate risk
             Interest rate risk arises from unfavourable changes in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to
             the income and decline in market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


             (1)    Trading book
                    According to the basic principles of risk management, the Group has built and continuously improved the
                    market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
                    measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, commodity
                    and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
                    board of directors, the Group manages the trading book by clearly identifying, accurately measuring and
                    effectively managing the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an
                    acceptable range and achieves a reasonable balance of risk and return. The Group constantly improves the
                    risk-adjusted return level to maximise the shareholders’ value.
                    The trading book market risk governance organisation structure defines the responsibilities, division of labour
                    and reporting lines of the board of directors, Risk and Capital Management Committee under the board of
                    directors, senior management and relevant departments of the Bank, and safeguards the achievement of
                    management objectives. The Market Risk Management Department is responsible for the Group’s trading
                    book market risk, and undertakes the task of risk policy formulation and management.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     287
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (1)    Trading book (continued)
              According to the business practices and market risk governance organisation structure, the Group establishes
              the trading book market risk limits management system. A top level limit is set based on the risk appetite
              determined by the board of directors, and is transmitted from top to bottom level by level. Within the
              scope of their authorisation, management departments at all levels allocate and set limits according to risk
              characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business departments carry out the business
              according to the authorisation and limits requirements, and the supervisory and administrative departments
              at all levels continuously monitor and report according to the limits management regulations.
              The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, stop loss index, sensitivity index, value at
              risk index, stress test index and other risk measurement indices as the limits index, and sets the limit value
              by comprehensively considering the risk appetite, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk return,
              management conditions and other factors.
              The Group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, pressure test and other measurement
              methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The Group applies the market
              risk measurement model in its daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis for
              business planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


       (2)    Banking book
              The Group has established the governance and management framework according to the interest rate risk
              management policy for the banking book, which specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of
              the board of directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the
              effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest rate risk of the banking book is centrally managed by
              the Asset and Liability Management Department. Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this.
              The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis, duration analysis
              and stress testing for the measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress test
              is a form of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in net interest income at risk and economic value
              of equity indicators when there is an extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group conducts stress test on
              interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The results of stress test throughout the year of 2021
              showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the Bank was generally stable with various indicators
              staying within the set limits.
              The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is neutrally prudent.
              Based on the risk measurement and monitoring results, the Group will propose the corresponding risk
              management policy at the regular meetings and through the reporting mechanism of the Assets and
              Liabilities Management Committee. Assets and Liabilities Management Department is responsible for its
              implementation. The key measures for risk management include the adjustment in business volume, duration
              structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and the utilisation of off-
              balance sheet derivative to offset risk exposure.
              The Group measures and monitors interest rate risk of banking book through the asset and liability
              management system. Major models and parameter assumptions used in the measurement are verified
              independently by the Risk Management Department before official use and reviewed and verified regularly
              after official use.
288   China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
                    earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                              2021
                                                                       3 months
                                                                          or less         Over                                Non-
                                                                        (include      3 months    Over 1 year      Over    interest
                                                              Total    overdue)       to 1 year    to 5 years    5 years   bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                      banks                                 566,965         553,655           –              –         –    13,310
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                      financial institutions                798,078         723,941     63,581         10,507        49          –
                    Loans and advances to customers
                      (note (i))                          5,325,511    2,134,671      2,750,245       376,357     64,238         –
                    Financial investments (including
                      derivative financial assets)        2,176,515         159,659    288,349        884,079    795,611    48,817
                    Other assets (note (ii))                381,952               –          –              –          –   381,952
                    Total assets                          9,249,021    3,571,926      3,102,175      1,270,943   859,898   444,079
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                      amounts due to banks and other
                      financial institutions              1,238,594    1,081,661       149,900          6,311       722          –
                    Deposits from customers               6,347,078    4,820,271       718,509        804,755       348      3,195
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      (including derivative financial
                      liabilities)                           91,043           1,428      2,075          8,177        158    79,205
                    Lease liabilities                        13,812           1,042      2,989          8,153      1,628         –
                    Debt securities issued                  444,541          96,239    220,608         88,974     38,720         –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))           248,272              84          –              –          –   248,188
                    Total liabilities                     8,383,340    6,000,725      1,094,081       916,370     41,576   330,588
                    Asset-liability gap                     865,681   (2,428,799)     2,008,094       354,573    818,322   113,491
China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                          289
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
              earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. (continued)
                                                                                                     2020
                                                                           3 months
                                                                               or less           Over                                              Non-
                                                                             (include        3 months     Over 1 year             Over          interest
                                                               Total        overdue)         to 1 year     to 5 years           5 years         bearing
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                banks                                       538,206         525,118                  –               –                –         13,088
              Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions                      615,447         524,010            87,213            3,840             384                –
              Loans and advances to customers
                (note (i))                                4,794,702       1,861,076        2,496,358          365,315           71,953                –
              Financial investments (including
                derivative financial assets)              2,094,710         351,146           369,495         781,707         524,737           67,625
              Other assets (note (ii))                      318,383               –                 –               –               –          318,383
              Total assets                                8,361,448       3,261,350        2,953,066        1,150,862         597,074          399,096
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions                    1,335,373         952,312           351,961          14,152            3,619          13,329
              Deposits from customers                     5,628,336       4,387,216           599,077         638,419              292           3,332
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                (including derivative financial
                liabilities)                                110,412             460             6,336           8,367              130          95,119
              Lease liabilities                              14,242           1,015             2,805           8,577            1,845               –
              Debt securities issued                        344,156         110,389           105,553         120,655            7,559               –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))                 198,575             763                15               –                4         197,793
              Total liabilities                           7,631,094       5,452,155        1,065,747          790,170           13,449         309,573
              Asset-liability gap                           730,354      (2,190,805)       1,887,319          360,692         583,625           89,523

              Notes:   (i)        For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2021
                                  and 31 December 2020, net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or
                                  part of the principals or interests were overdue.

                       (ii)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities”
                                  respectively.

              The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
              Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
              sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.
                                                                                          2021                                    2020
              Change in interest rates (in basis points)                       Up by 25          Down by 25              Up by 25         Down by 25
              (Decrease)/increase in net interest income                           (3,605)               3,605              (3,266)              3,266
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                                        (6,830)               6,927              (5,373)              5,444

              The above-mentioned interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the changes in net interest income and equity
              in the next 12 months under the assumption of changes in interest rates in the above table. As the actual
              situation and assumptions may be different, the actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and
              equity caused by the increase or decrease in interest rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity
              analysis.
290   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
            manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet its maturity obligations, or to perform other payment
            obligations.
            According to the liquidity risk management policy, the Group segregates the policy setting, execution and supervision
            of liquidity risk management, and puts in place a governance framework which defines the roles, responsibilities and
            reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of supervisors, senior management, designated committees and
            relevant departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The board of directors takes the
            ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensures the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor
            and control liquidity risk and is responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can tolerate. The
            Risk and Capital Management Committee under the board of directors discharges responsibilities in liquidity risk
            management on behalf of the board of directors. The board of supervisors is responsible for the supervision and
            evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and senior management in the liquidity risk management
            and reports to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management is responsible for the liquidity risk
            management work and develops a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and reports the same to
            the board of directors. Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO), under the authority of the senior management,
            exercises the corresponding liquidity risk management functions. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department
            of the Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO, and is responsible for various concrete management work
            including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative and
            quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Internal Audit Department of the Head Office conducts comprehensive
            audit on the Group’s liquidity risk management.
            The Group is prudent in managing its liquidity risk, which suits its current development stage. The Group’s existing
            liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
            The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches acting in concert. The Asset
            and Liability Management Department acting as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of daily liquidity risk
            management. According to a prudent basis under regulatory requirements, the treasurer is conducting centralised
            liquidity management through limits management, budget control, initiative debt management as well as internal
            fund transfer pricing.
            The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as medium and long-term
            structures. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals.
            The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity risk resistance under extreme circumstances. Except
            for the annual stress testing required by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on
            the liquidity risk of local and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
            contingency drills to continuously improve its capability to handle any liquidity crisis.
China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                             291
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                               2021
                                                                                       After         After        After
                                                                                    1 month      3 months        1 year
                                                         Repayable       Within   but within    but within   but within       Over
                                                        on demand      1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
      Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))       79,129            –            –             –            –           –     487,836          –    566,965
      Amounts due from banks and other financial
        institutions                                        59,862     601,897       60,072        65,405       10,793           49           –          –     798,078
      Loans and advances to customers                       20,719     545,165      368,482     1,333,756    1,387,033    1,650,468           –     19,888   5,325,511
      Financial investments and derivative financial
        assets (note (ii))                                   4,058      88,783       60,315       304,846      912,392     795,813       10,071        237   2,176,515
        – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
              derivative financial assets)                   4,058      67,589       31,524        95,228      134,821      35,217        3,076          –     371,513
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                     –       8,882       11,185       133,930      425,327     590,091            –        237   1,169,652
        – Debt investments at FVTOCI                             –      12,312       17,606        75,688      352,244     170,505            –          –     628,355
        – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                –           –            –             –            –           –        6,995          –       6,995
      Other assets (note (iv))                             103,999      10,432       13,946        14,551       14,891       6,107      214,113      3,913     381,952
      Total assets                                         267,767    1,246,277     502,815     1,718,558    2,325,109    2,452,437     712,020     24,038   9,249,021
      Borrowing from central banks and amounts
        due to banks and other financial institutions      627,957     313,745      122,210       153,551       18,350       2,781            –          –   1,238,594
      Deposits from customers (note (iii))               4,185,788     315,077      316,452       719,506      809,176       1,079            –          –   6,347,078
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
        derivative financial liabilities)                   12,942      13,301       11,720        13,740       20,629      18,711            –          –     91,043
      Lease liabilities                                          –         506          536         2,989        8,153       1,628            –          –     13,812
      Debt securities issued                                     –      21,181       70,472       222,647       88,974      41,267            –          –    444,541
      Other liabilities (note (iv))                        160,991      37,159       15,455        24,744        9,404         519            –          –    248,272
      Total liabilities                                  4,987,678     700,969      536,845     1,137,177      954,686      65,985            –          –   8,383,340
      (Short)/long position                             (4,719,911)    545,308       (34,030)     581,381    1,370,423    2,386,452     712,020     24,038    865,681
292   China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                                   2020
                                                                                             After        After        After
                                                                                          1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                               Repayable       Within   but within   but within   but within       Over
                                                              on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
            Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))      60,560             –           –            –            –            –    477,646           –    538,206
            Amounts due from banks and other financial
              institutions                                       91,125      369,355      62,201        88,213        4,169          384           –          –     615,447
            Loans and advances to customers                      12,178      488,169     311,334     1,201,347    1,298,657    1,469,872           –     13,145   4,794,702
            Financial investments and derivative financial
              assets (note (ii))                                  5,409      183,039     135,457      383,294      842,201      535,708       7,710       1,892   2,094,710
              – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
                    derivative financial assets)                  5,409      173,666       63,803     203,872       77,242       18,432         571           –     542,995
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –        2,270       31,937     110,511      467,217      420,686           –       1,648   1,034,269
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI                            –        7,103       39,717      68,911      297,742       96,590           –         244     510,307
              – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI               –            –            –           –            –            –       7,139           –       7,139
            Other assets (note (iv))                             70,325        6,035        9,720       7,170       26,015        5,842     190,006       3,270     318,383
            Total assets                                        239,597     1,046,598    518,712     1,680,024    2,171,042    2,011,806    675,362      18,307   8,361,448
            Borrowing from central banks and amounts
              due to banks and other financial institutions     542,955      251,299     171,884      351,464       14,152        3,619            –          –   1,335,373
            Deposits from customers (note (iii))              3,704,751      326,452     354,084      600,093      642,047          909            –          –   5,628,336
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
              derivative financial liabilities)                  14,264        8,777       10,745      32,994       20,374       23,258            –          –    110,412
            Lease liabilities                                         –          527          488       2,805        8,577        1,845            –          –     14,242
            Debt securities issued                                    –       61,167       45,304     105,552      124,574        7,559            –          –    344,156
            Other liabilities (note (iv))                        99,722       48,613       15,632      25,081        8,895          632            –          –    198,575
            Total liabilities                                 4,361,692      696,835     598,137     1,117,989     818,619       37,822            –          –   7,631,094
            (Short)/long position                             (4,122,095)    349,763      (79,425)    562,035     1,352,423    1,973,984    675,362      18,307    730,354

            Notes:

            (i)         For cash and balances with central banks, the amounts with indefinite maturities represent statutory deposit reserve and fiscal deposit
                        balances.

            (ii)        For financial investments at FVTPL included in financial investments, their maturity dates do not represent the Group’s intention to hold them
                        to maturity.

            (iii)       Deposits from customers that are repayable on demand include matured time deposits which are pending for customers’ instructions.

            (iv)        Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                             293
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
      assets, financial liabilities, lease liabilities and gross loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting
      period. The Group’s expected cash flows on these instruments and lease liabilities may vary significantly from this
      analysis.
                                                                                                      2021
                                                                                                  After        After          After
                                                                                               1 month     3 months          1 year
                                             Carrying               Repayable       Within   but within   but within     but within       Over
                                              amount         Total on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year        5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
      Non-derivative financial assets
      Cash and balances with central
        banks                                566,965      566,965      79,129            –            –              –            –           –     487,836          –
      Amounts due from banks and other
        financial institutions                798,078      800,869     59,862     602,201       62,062          65,229      11,466           49           –          –
      Loans and advances to customers       5,325,511    6,680,629     20,719     560,371      398,738       1,503,759   1,831,318    2,345,796           –     19,928
      Financial investments                 2,153,125    2,540,798      3,715      90,330       67,149         339,704   1,050,476      979,116      10,071        237
        – Financial investments at FVTPL      348,123      355,501      3,715      64,405       28,852          90,837     127,527       37,089       3,076          –
        – Debt investments at amortised
             cost                           1,169,652    1,453,059           –     12,008       17,405        159,993      529,031     734,385            –        237
        – Debt investments at FVTOCI          628,355      725,243           –     13,917       20,892         88,874      393,918     207,642            –          –
        – Equity investments designated
             at FVTOCI                          6,995       6,995           –           –            –              –            –           –        6,995          –
      Other assets                            154,308     154,308     102,918       9,891       13,745         13,795        1,848         528        7,670      3,913
      Total                                 8,997,987   10,743,569    266,343    1,262,793     541,694       1,922,487   2,895,108    3,325,489     505,577     24,078
      Non-derivative financial liabilities
        and lease liabilities
      Borrowing from central banks and
        amounts due to banks and other
        financial institutions             1,238,594     1,245,870     628,157    315,523      123,610        156,000       19,668       2,912            –          –
      Deposits from customers              6,347,078     6,500,805   4,215,760    318,932      323,909        754,023      887,030       1,151            –          –
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL          63,761        64,232      12,926     10,408        7,387          4,748       10,068      18,695            –          –
      Lease liabilities                       13,812        15,087           –        511          545          3,080        8,974       1,977            –          –
      Debt securities issued                 444,541       459,323           –     22,002       70,839        226,189       94,221      46,072            –          –
      Other liabilities                      158,091       158,091      74,533     36,128       15,454         23,052        8,406         518            –          –
      Total                                 8,265,877    8,443,408   4,931,376    703,504      541,744       1,167,092   1,028,367      71,325            –          –
      Gross loan commitments                        –    1,386,481   1,386,481           –            –              –            –           –           –          –
294   China Merchants Bank                       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                        After           After        After
                                                                                                     1 month        3 months        1 year
                                                   Carrying                Repayable      Within   but within      but within   but within       Over
                                                   amount         Total   on demand     1 month     3 months           1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
            Non-derivative financial assets
            Cash and Balances with central
              banks                                538,206     538,206       60,560            –           –               –            –            –    477,646           –
            Amounts due from banks and other
              financial institutions                615,447     617,381      98,748     369,529      55,856           88,847        4,017          384          –           –
            Loans and advances to customers       4,794,702   6,066,759      12,178     506,096     350,584        1,372,740    1,700,755    2,109,999          –      14,407
            Financial investments                 2,047,438   2,513,915       5,196     266,655     155,314          464,750    1,031,094      579,923      9,091       1,892
              – Financial investments at FVTPL      495,723     503,234       5,196     170,739      56,381          183,702       69,024       17,599        593           –
              – Debt investments at amortised
                   cost                           1,034,269   1,350,789            –     50,876       40,743        185,488      603,526      467,772         736       1,648
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI          510,307     652,753            –     45,040       58,190         95,560      358,544       94,552         623         244
              – Equity investments designated
                   at FVTOCI                          7,139      7,139            –           –            –               –            –           –       7,139           –
            Other assets                            126,744    137,759       69,028      25,423        9,732           6,760       12,701         383      10,760       2,972
            Total                                 8,122,537   9,874,020     245,710    1,167,703    571,486        1,933,097    2,748,567    2,690,689    497,497      19,271
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
              and lease liabilities
            Borrowing from central banks and
              amounts due to banks and other
              financial institutions             1,335,373    1,346,594     543,102     252,465     174,326         357,759       15,160        3,782            –          –
            Deposits from customers              5,628,336    5,696,986   3,704,881     316,664     350,989         617,139      706,355          958            –          –
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL          60,351       61,043      14,219       6,308       1,098           7,413        8,828       23,177            –          –
            Lease liabilities                       14,242       15,705           –         524         484           2,836        9,586        2,275            –          –
            Debt securities issued                 344,156      366,059           –      61,274      45,680         111,340      139,139        8,626            –          –
            Other liabilities                      125,366      125,366      29,660      47,950      15,629          22,876        8,619          632            –          –
            Total                                 7,507,824   7,611,753   4,291,862     685,185     588,206        1,119,363     887,687       39,450            –          –
            Gross loan commitments                        –   1,344,434   1,344,434            –           –               –            –            –           –          –

            Note:      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   295
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(d)   Operational risk
      Operational risk arises from the loss due to deficiency in internal procedures, staffing or IT structure, as well as
      external events which have effect on operation, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputation risk.
      During the reporting period, through stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in
      key areas, and by focusing on process, policy, employee system, and existing problems of critical control segments,
      the Group further improves the risk management framework and method, appraisal and assessment mechanism,
      and strengthens economic capital allocation mechanism with the goal of enhancing the ability and effectiveness
      of operational risk’s management of the Group. All major indexes meet the requirements of the Group’s risk
      preference.
      In view of the challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
      appetite, continue to upgrade its risk management capabilities and strengthen operational risk monitoring and
      controls, in order to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



(e)   Capital management
      The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
      –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
             requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion,
             social responsibility and strategic planning implementation to achieve a comprehensive, coordinated and
             sustainable growth;
      –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
             disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
             entire group;
      –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various risk-
             specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application regimes,
             strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate customer
             pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
      –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
             structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns for shareholders.
      The Group manages its capital structure and adjusts it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
      of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
      issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
      debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under an approach stipulated by the
      CBIRC. The Group and the Bank submit required information to the CBIRC every quarter.
296   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (e)   Capital management (continued)
            The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
            calculation covers all branches of the Bank. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
            scope in respect of capital adequacy ratio calculation included: CMB WLB, CMBICHC, CMBFLC, CMFM, CMBWM,
            CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Europe S.A.
            Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the CBIRC’s
            Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations. On 18
            April 2014, the CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the Advanced Measurement Approach. Within the approved
            scope, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the Foundation Internal
            Ratings-Based Approach, retail risk exposure using the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based Approach, market risk
            using the Internal Model-Based Approach, and operational risk using the Standardised Measurement Approach. At
            the same time, the CBIRC implemented a transition period for commercial banks that were approved to adopt the
            Advanced Measurement Approach. During the transition period, commercial banks should use both the Advanced
            Measurement Approach and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with the capital floor
            requirements.
            The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
            ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resistance. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
            management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
            to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
            Group’s operating conditions.
            The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plan and manage its capital
            adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
            and risk movement trends.



      (f)   Use of derivatives
            Derivatives include forwards, swaps and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
            interest rate markets.
            The Group enters into interest rate, foreign currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business
            and its assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivatives can be divided into financial instruments
            that are held for cash flow hedging purpose and that are at fair value through profit or loss.
            The Group formulates appropriate hedging strategies and uses proper tools in light of the risk profile of interest
            rates or foreign exchange rates associated with its assets and liabilities, as well as its analysis and judgement
            regarding future movements of interest rates or foreign exchange rates.
            The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Such
            risk can be offset through the use of foreign exchange forwards or foreign exchange options.
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     297
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
      In cash flow hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks
      arising from RMB loans and interbank assets portfolios.
      The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair values of derivatives
      of the Group by remaining maturities at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives
      indicate the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, and do not represent
      the amounts at risk.
                                                                                   2021
                                                      Notional amounts with remaining life                   Fair value
                                                        Between      Between
                                            Within     3 months         1 year        Over
                                          3 months    and 1 year   and 5 years      5 years       Total   Assets     Liabilities
      Derivatives at fair value through
       profit or loss
       Interest rate derivatives           567,612      823,679     1,240,265        4,966    2,636,522   11,831          (11,974)
         Interest rate swaps               565,833      823,679     1,240,265        4,966    2,634,743   11,831          (11,974)
         Bond futures                          391            –             –            –          391        –                –
         Bond options                        1,388            –             –            –        1,388        –                –
        Currency derivatives               647,081      506,850        29,615        1,052    1,184,598   10,041          (13,966)
         Forwards                           26,577       14,373         1,517        1,052       43,519      985             (164)
         Foreign exchange swaps            485,140      357,685        20,086            –      862,911    7,530           (7,048)
         Futures                               587        1,157             –            –        1,744        –                –
         Options                           134,777      133,635         8,012            –      276,424    1,526           (6,754)
        Other derivatives                  134,230        5,424           277             –    139,931     1,472           (1,237)
         Equity options purchased           62,094          907             –             –     63,001       344                –
         Equity options written             62,094          907             –             –     63,001         –             (265)
         Commodity trading swaps            10,001        3,475            60             –     13,536     1,128             (751)
         Equity swaps                           41          135           217             –        393         –             (221)
      Cash flow hedge derivatives
       Interest rate derivatives                  –            –        2,883          702       3,585       46                 –
         Interest rate swaps                      –            –        2,883          702       3,585       46                 –
      Derivatives managed in
       conjunction with financial
       instruments designated at FVTPL
       Interest rate derivatives               191          967           581             –      1,739         –              (17)
         Interest rate swaps                   191          967           581             –      1,739         –              (17)
       Currency derivatives                      –           72         1,360             –      1,432         –              (88)
         Foreign exchange swaps                  –           72         1,360             –      1,432         –              (88)
      Total                               1,349,114    1,336,992    1,274,981        6,720    3,967,807   23,390          (27,282)
298   China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                           2020
                                                             Notional amounts with remaining life                      Fair value
                                                              Between      Between
                                                  Within     3 months         1 year          Over
                                                3 months    and 1 year   and 5 years        5 years         Total   Assets          Liabilities
            Derivatives at fair value through
             profit or loss
             Interest rate derivatives           561,831    1,232,396     1,499,175           2,913     3,296,315   12,568           (12,327)
               Interest rate swaps               561,522    1,223,977     1,499,110           2,913     3,287,522   12,559           (12,318)
               Bond forwards                           –            –            65               –            65        6                (3)
               Bond futures                           89            9             –               –            98        –                 –
               Bond options                          220        8,410             –               –         8,630        3                (6)
              Currency derivatives               630,018      614,205        17,309           3,570     1,265,102   33,098           (36,220)
               Forwards                           58,155       31,280         1,452           2,703        93,590    1,691            (1,461)
               Foreign exchange swaps            440,943      477,298        12,789             867       931,897   20,063           (20,136)
               Futures                                17          706             –               –           723        –                 –
               Options                           130,903      104,921         3,068               –       238,892   11,344           (14,623)
              Other derivatives                    5,924      138,635            631                -    145,190     1,538             (1,451)
               Equity options purchased              488       67,353              –                –     67,841       490                  –
               Equity options written                488       67,353              –                –     67,841         –               (464)
               Commodity trading swaps             4,948        3,929            631                –      9,508     1,048               (987)
            Cash flow hedge derivatives
             Interest rate derivatives                32        1,030          2,871            819        4,752         –                 (15)
               Interest rate swaps                    32        1,030          2,871            819        4,752         –                 (15)
            Derivatives managed in
             conjunction with financial
             instruments designated at FVTPL
             Interest rate derivatives               471          909          1,358                –      2,738        –                  (47)
               Interest rate swaps                   471          909          1,358                –      2,738        –                  (47)
             Currency derivatives                      –        1,499             74                –      1,573       68                   (1)
               Foreign exchange swaps                  –        1,499             74                –      1,573       68                   (1)
            Total                               1,198,276   1,988,674     1,521,418           7,302     4,715,670   47,272           (50,061)

            There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                            299
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
      The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows:
                                                                                                                     2021                        2020
      Default risk weighted assets of counterparties                                                                3,627                       9,644
        Interest rate derivatives                                                                                     139                         266
        Currency derivatives                                                                                        3,048                       5,574
        Other derivatives                                                                                             440                       3,804
      Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                                              2,382                       6,011
      Total                                                                                                         6,009                      15,655

      Note:   Since 2019, the Group has calculated the exposure of derivatives according to the Notice of the Measures on Default Risk Weighted Assets of
              Counterparties in Respect of Derivatives and the related requirements issued by the CBIRC. These amounts have taken the effects of bilateral
              netting arrangements into account. The risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the Administrative
              Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued by the CBIRC. The amounts within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April
              2014 are calculated using the Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is adopted to calculate those that are not eligible
              for the Internal Ratings-Based approach.




(g)   Fair value information
(i)   Methods of determining fair value of financial instruments
      A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosure requirements stipulate the measurement of fair values,
      for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
      The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
      team that takes the responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including the three levels of
      fair values.
      The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
      information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to determine fair value, then the valuation team
      assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
      requirements of IFRSs, including the classification of levels in the fair value hierarchy.
      When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
      Fair values are categorised into different levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
      techniques.
      The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the current
      reporting period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each
      reporting date. The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair value
      hierarchy of the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined
      as follows:
      –       Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for
              identical assets or liabilities;
      –       Level 2 inputs: other than quoted prices included in level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly
              observable for underlying assets or liabilities inputs;
      –       Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for assets or liabilities.
      The Group recognises transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy when they occur.
      The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
      assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
300   China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis
             The tables below analyse financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the
             levels in the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                            2021
                                                                         Level 1      Level 2         Level 3          Total
             Assets
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                      20,517     292,849           4,879        318,245
               – Debt securities                                          19,102     127,411             373        146,886
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                   102           –               –            102
               – Equity investments                                        1,180           2           3,727          4,909
               – Fund investments                                            133     161,865             772        162,770
               – Wealth management products                                    –       2,396               –          2,396
               – Other                                                         –       1,175               7          1,182
             Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     1,022      28,856               –         29,878
               – Debt securities                                           1,022      28,856               –         29,878
             Derivative financial assets                                       –      23,390               –         23,390
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                          –           –           7,281          7,281
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                  127,847     508,191               –        636,038
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                         –     431,291          56,713        488,004
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                       2,269           –           4,726          6,995
             Total                                                       151,655    1,284,577         73,599       1,509,831
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading                       16,832          185              –          17,017
               – Financial liabilities related to precious metal          16,406            –              –          16,406
               – Short position on bonds                                     426          185              –             611
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    19,569       19,028          8,147          46,744
               – Placement of precious metal from financial
                    institutions                                          11,596            –              –          11,596
               – Certificates of deposit issued                                –          377              –             377
               – Debt securities issued                                    7,600            –              –           7,600
               – Other                                                       373       18,651          8,147          27,171
             Derivative financial liabilities                                  –       27,282              –          27,282
             Total                                                        36,401       46,495          8,147          91,043
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                        301
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
                                                                                      2020
                                                                    Level 1     Level 2       Level 3          Total
       Assets
       Financial investments measured at FVTPL                      25,283     436,470         2,713        464,466
         – Debt securities                                          24,267     121,780           456        146,503
         – Long position in precious metal contracts                    96           –             –             96
         – Equity investments                                          836         836         1,738          3,410
         – Fund investments                                             84     136,229           519        136,832
         – Wealth management products                                    –       1,259             –          1,259
         – Non-standard assets – Bills                                   –     175,303             –        175,303
         – Other                                                         –       1,063             –          1,063
       Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     2,618      28,625            14         31,257
         – Debt securities                                           2,618      28,625            14         31,257
       Derivative financial assets                                       –      47,272             –         47,272
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                          –           –         6,856          6,856
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                  109,282     407,271             –        516,553
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                         –     331,070        44,289        375,359
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                       2,075           –         5,064          7,139
       Total                                                       139,258    1,250,708       58,936      1,448,902
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading                       20,491         499             –         20,990
         – Financial liabilities related to precious metal          20,361           –             –         20,361
         – Short position on bonds                                     130         499             –            629
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    15,503      18,209         5,649         39,361
         – Placement of precious metal from financial
              institutions                                           1,589           –             –          1,589
         – Certificates of deposit issued                                –         605             –            605
         – Debt securities issued                                   13,914           –             –         13,914
         – Other                                                         –      17,604         5,649         23,253
       Derivative financial liabilities                                  –      50,061             –         50,061
       Total                                                        35,994      68,769         5,649        110,412

       During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, there were no significant transfers of financial instruments
       between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
302   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (1)   Basis of determining the market prices for recurring fair value measurements categorised as Level 1
                   Bloomberg etc. are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


             (2)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurement categorised as Level 2
                   Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China Bond website on the valuation date
                   is measured using the latest available valuation results.
                   Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market, is measured by using the
                   comprehensive valuations issued by Bloomberg, etc.
                   Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting the
                   differences between the contract prices and market future prices of the foreign exchange forwards contracts.
                   The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the end of the reporting
                   period.
                   Fair value of option contracts such as foreign exchange options, commodity options and equity options is
                   measured by using the Black-Scholes model, based on market data such as risk-free interest rate, underlying
                   market prices and price volatility of foreign exchange, commodities, and equity contract. The above market
                   data used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Refinitiv, Wind and other market
                   information providers.
                   Fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange swaps, and non-option commodity contracts in derivative
                   financial assets is measured by discounting the expected receivable or payable amounts under the assumption
                   that these swaps had been terminated at the end of the reporting period. The discount rates used are the
                   related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end of reporting period.
                   Observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the value of investment funds.
                   The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI in Mainland China is measured based on the
                   rate of rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd. The
                   Group uses 10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills. The fair
                   value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI outside Mainland China is measured by discounted cash
                   flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as credit rating of the loan customer
                   provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of the loan, loan currency and the
                   issuer credit spread.
                   The fair value of non-standard bills at FVTPL in Mainland China is measured based on the rate of
                   rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd. The Group uses
                   10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills.
                   The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations on
                   Bloomberg.
                   The fair value of other financial liabilities designated at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset values of
                   the funds, determined with reference to observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and
                   adjustments of related expenses.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             303
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
             measurements categorised as Level 3:
                                                   Fair value
                                                         as at
                                                31 December
                                                         2021    Valuation techniques         Unobservable inputs
             Equity investments designated                873    Market approach              Liquidity discount, risk-
               at FVTOCI                                                                        adjusted discount rate
             Equity investments designated              3,853    Net asset value approach     Net assets, liquidity
               at FVTOCI                                                                        discount
             Loans and advances to customers            7,281    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
               at FVTPL                                            approach                     rate
             Loans and advances to customers           56,713    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
               at FVTOCI                                           approach                     rate
             Financial investments measured
               at FVTPL
               – Equity investments                     3,491    Market approach              Liquidity discount
               – Equity investments                        12    Market approach (Price-to-   Liquidity discount
                                                                   Book Ratio)
               – Equity investments                       209    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                   approach                     rate, cash flow
               – Equity investments                        15    Net asset value approach     Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                discount
               – Debt securities                          373    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                   approach                     rate
               – Fund investments                         767    Net fund value approach      Net assets
               – Fund investments                           5    Market approach              Liquidity discount
               – Other                                      7    Market approach              Liquidity discount
             Financial liabilities designated             664    Market approach              Liquidity discount
               at FVTPL
             Financial liabilities designated           7,483    Net fund value approach      Net assets, liquidity
               at FVTPL                                                                         discount
304   China Merchants Bank       Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                   measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                                                         Fair value
                                                              as at
                                                      31 December
                                                              2020    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
                   Equity investments designated             1,200    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     at FVTOCI
                   Equity investments designated             3,864    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                     at FVTOCI                                                                     discount
                   Loans and advances to customers           6,856    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                     at FVTPL                                           approach                   rate
                   Loans and advances to customers          44,289    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                     at FVTOCI                                          approach                   rate
                   Financial investments measured
                     at FVTPL
                     – Debt securities                         456    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                        approach                   rate
                     – Equity investments                    1,738    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     – Fund investments                        502    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                     – Fund investments                         17    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                   Financial investments designated             14    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                     at FVTPL                                           approach                   rate
                   Financial liabilities designated            206    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     at FVTPL
                   Financial liabilities designated          5,443    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                     at FVTPL                                                                      discount
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                              305
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
             measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
             1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                       The following tables show the movements from the beginning balances to the ending balances for
                       Level 3 financial instruments:
                                                                                      Loans and      Loans and           Equity
                                                                        Financial    advances to    advances to    investments
                                                                     investments       customers      customers     designated
                       Assets                                           at FVTPL        at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI        Total
                       At 1 January 2021                                    2,727          6,856        44,289            5,064     58,936
                       Profit or loss
                         – In profit or loss                                  339            287          1,365               –       1,991
                         – In other comprehensive income                        –              –             48           1,050       1,098
                       Addition for the year                                1,832            143        118,229             721     120,925
                       Disposals or settlement on maturity                    (68)             –       (107,218)         (2,158)   (109,444)
                       Exchange difference                                     49             (5)             –              49          93
                       At 31 December 2021                                  4,879          7,281         56,713           4,726      73,599
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included
                         in the consolidated statement of profit
                         or loss for assets held at the end of the
                         reporting period                                     339           287               –               –        626

                                                                                      Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                         Financial   advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                      investments     customers      customers       designated
                       Assets                                            at FVTPL       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI       at FVTOCI       Total
                       At 1 January 2020                                    2,968          5,779        30,346            3,748     42,841
                       Profit or loss
                         – In profit or loss                                  454            296          1,210               –       1,960
                         – In other comprehensive income                        –              –             20           1,469       1,489
                       Addition for the year                                  539            796         86,003              82      87,420
                       Disposals or settlement on maturity                 (1,106)             –        (73,290)              –     (74,396)
                       Exchange difference                                   (128)           (15)             –            (235)       (378)
                       At 31 December 2020                                  2,727          6,856         44,289           5,064      58,936
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included
                         in the consolidated statement of profit
                         or loss for assets held at the end of the
                         reporting period                                     454           296               –               –        750
306   China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                   measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                   1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
                             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                 2021                  2020
                             Balance as at 1 January                                                   5,649                 3,105
                             In profit or loss                                                           470                   402
                             Addition for the year                                                     3,105                 2,686
                             Disposals and settlement on maturity                                       (860)                 (453)
                             Exchange difference                                                        (217)                  (91)
                             Balance as at 31 December                                                 8,147                 5,649
                             Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                                consolidated statement of profit or loss for liabilities
                                held at the end of the reporting period                                  419                   390

                   2)        Transfers among different levels occurred during the reporting period, the reasons for theses transfers
                             and the principle of determining the dates of transfers for financial instruments measured at fair value
                             on recurring basis
                             During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, there were no significant transfers among
                             different levels for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
                   3)        Changes in valuation techniques and the reasons for the changes
                             During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group did not change the valuation
                             techniques for the financial assets and liabilities disclosed above which are measured at fair value on
                             recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                              307
Annual Report 2021



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)     Fair value information (continued)
(iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
        (1)   Financial Assets
               The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include balances with central banks,
               balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale agreements,
               loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and investments at amortised cost.
               Except for loans and advances measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments measured at
               amortised cost, most of the financial assets mature within 1 year, and their carrying values approximate
               to their fair values. Loans and advances are stated at amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss
               (Note 22). Loans and advances at amortised cost are mostly priced at floating rates with reference to the
               PBOC benchmark interest rates or Loan Prime Rates (LPRs) and repriced at least annually, and impairment
               allowances are made to reduce the carrying amounts of impaired loans to estimated recoverable amounts.
               Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to their fair value.
               Debt investments measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost less allowances for impairment
               losses. The fair value of the listed investments is disclosed in Note 23(b).
               The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of debt investments at amortised cost not measured at
               fair value are listed as below:
               The Level 1 fair value measurement is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets using Bloomberg
               etc. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China Bond website are used to measure fair value of
               bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds without active quoted
               price, which are measured using the published comprehensive valuation by Bloomberg. The Level 3 fair value
               is measured using discounted cash flow valuation technique.
                                                                           2021                                                      2020
                                                  Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                   amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1     Level 2    Level 3
               Debt investments at amortised cost 1,169,652   1,235,725     6,659     1,097,435   131,631   1,034,269   1,049,374     3,387     914,025    131,962

               Note:       The above financial assets do not include interest receivable.



        (2)   Financial Liabilities
               Financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due
               to banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities
               issued by the Group. The carrying value of financial liabilities approximate to their fair value at the end of the
               reporting period, except for the financial liabilities set out below:
                                                                           2021                                                      2020
                                                  Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                   amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1     Level 2    Level 3
               Subordinated notes issued            34,236       35,173           –     35,173          –     34,302      35,243            –    35,243          –
               Long-term debt securities issued    159,306      160,893           –    160,893          –    146,559     149,115            –   149,115          –
               Total                               193,542      196,066           –    196,066          –    180,861     184,358            –   184,358          –

               Note:       The above financial liabilities do not include interest payable.
308   China Merchants Bank                      Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      61. Material related party transactions
      (a)   Material connected person information
            Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows:
                                                                          No. of    Proportion Proportion
                                                          Issued       shares of        of the      of the
                                                       and fully       the Bank      Bank held Company
                                      Registered            paid     held by the        by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
            Company name              location           capital       Company        Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
            China Merchants Group     Beijing         RMB16,900    7,559,427,375       29.97%          –   Transportation, shipping      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
              (CMG)                                      million                   (note (i)(viii))          agency, warehousing           shareholder’s    liability
                                                                                                             and storage, leasing,         parent company
                                                                                                             manufacturing building
                                                                                                             and facility, repair
                                                                                                             and contracting, sales
                                                                                                             operating management
                                                                                                             service, etc.
            – China Merchants Steam Beijing            RMB7,000    3,289,470,337        13.04%         –   Transportation, building      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
              Navigation Co., Ltd.                       million                       (note (ii))           and repair, procurement, shareholder           liability
              (CMSNCL)                                                                                       supply chain management
                                                                                                             and distribution, shipping
                                                                                                             agency services, etc.
            – Shenzhen Yan Qing     Shenzhen            RMB600     1,258,542,349          4.99%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Xu Xin
              Investment and                             million                                             domestic commerce,                             liability
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                                          materials supply and
                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.
            – Shenzhen Chu Yuan     Shenzhen            RMB600      944,013,171           3.74%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Xu Xin
              Investment and                             million                                             domestic commerce,                             liability
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                                          materials supply and
                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.
            – China Merchants Finance Shenzhen         RMB7,778    1,147,377,415          4.55%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Hong Xiaoyuan
              Investment Holdings                        million                                             domestic commerce,                             liability
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                      materials supply and
                                                                                                             marketing business, etc.
            – Best Winner Investment British Virgin     USD0.05     386,924,063           1.53%        –   –                             Shareholder      Joint stock   –
              Co., Ltd.                Islands           million                                                                                            limited
                                                                                                                                                            company
            – China Merchants Union British Virgin      USD0.06     477,903,500           1.89%        –   –                             Shareholder      Limited       –
              (BVI) Ltd.              Islands            million                                                                                            liability
            – China Merchants       Shenzhen             USD10       55,196,540           0.22%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Wang Xiaoding
              Industry Development                       million                                             enterprise management                          liability
              (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                                           consulting and investment
                                                                                                             consulting, etc.
China Merchants Bank                     Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   309
Annual Report 2021



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                 No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                 Issued       shares of       of the      of the
                                              and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                               Registered          paid     held by the       by the     held by                            Relationship                    Legal
      Company name             location         capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                    with the Bank     Legal form    representative
      China COSCO Shipping     Beijing       RMB11,000    2,515,193,034       9.97%          – International shipping      Shareholder’s    Limited         Xu Lirong
        Corporation Limited.                    million                     (note(iii))          business, supporting        parent company liability
                                                                                                 services to international
                                                                                                 shipping, imports and
                                                                                                 exports of goods and
                                                                                                 technology, international
                                                                                                 freight forwarding agent,
                                                                                                 etc.
      – China Ocean Shipping   Beijing       RMB16,191    1,574,729,111       6.24%          – Transportation business,    Shareholder      Limited         Xu Lirong
        Co., Ltd.                               million                                          leasing business, ship                       liability
                                                                                                 purchasing and marketing
                                                                                                 business, warehousing
                                                                                                 business, etc.
      – COSCO Shipping        Guangzhou       RMB3,191     696,450,214        2.76%          – Shipping business           Shareholder      Limited         Shou Jian
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   million                                                                                       liability
      – Guangzhou Haining     Guangzhou          RMB2      103,552,616        0.41%          – Business services           Shareholder      Limited         Huang Biao
        Maritime Technology                     million                                                                                       liability
        Service Co., Ltd.
      – COSCO Shipping        Shanghai        RMB1,399      75,617,340        0.30%          – Shipping business, leasing Shareholder         Limited       Zhao Bangtao
        (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                    million                                          business, ship repairing                       liability
                                                                                                 and building etc.
      – COSCO Shipping           Hong Kong     HKD500       54,721,930        0.22%          – Leasing business, financing Shareholder        Limited       Wang Daxiong
        Investment Holdings                     million                                          business, insurance                            liability
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                business etc.
      – Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Guangzhou          RMB299       10,121,823        0.04%          – Ship purchasing and         Shareholder        Limited       Ren Zhaoping
        Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                million                                          marketing business,                            liability
                                                                                                 shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                 business, shipping
                                                                                                 business etc.
310   China Merchants Bank                     Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                     No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                       Issued     shares of       of the      of the
                                                    and fully     the Bank     Bank held Company
                                     Registered          paid   held by the       by the     held by                            Relationship                    Legal
            Company name             location         capital     Company       Company    the Bank Business                    with the Bank     Legal form    representative
            China Insurance Security Beijing         RMB100     815,030,635       3.23%          – Investing and establishing Shareholder’s       Limited       Yu Hua
              Fund Co., Ltd                           million                   (note(iv))            insurance companies,         parent company liability
                                                                                                      supervising and managing
                                                                                                      various domestic and
                                                                                                      international businesses
                                                                                                      of holding investment
                                                                                                      enterprises, and
                                                                                                      investment business
                                                                                                      permitted by national laws
                                                                                                      and regulations, etc.
            – Dajia Life Insurance   Beijing       RMB30,790    815,030,635       3.23%          – Life insurance, health        Shareholder      Joint stock   He Xiaofeng
              Co., Ltd                                million                                         insurance, accident                           limited
                                                                                                      insurance, and other                          company
                                                                                                      personal insurance
                                                                                                      services, etc.
            China Communications Beijing            RMB7,274    422,770,418       1.68%          – General contraction for       Shareholder’s    Limited       Wang Tongzhou
              Construction Group                      million                   (note(v))             construction                 parent company liability
              Limited.
            – China Communications Beijing         RMB16,175    301,089,738       1.19%          – General contraction for       Shareholder      Joint stock   Wang Tongzhou
              Construction Company                    million                                        construction, leasing                          limited
              Limited.                                                                               and repair, technical                          company
                                                                                                     consulting service, imports
                                                                                                     and exports, investment
                                                                                                     and management business
            Shanghai Automotive      Shanghai      RMB21,599    310,125,822       1.23%          – Production and sale           Shareholder’s    Limited       Chen Hong
              Industry Corporation                    million                   (note(vi))           of vehicles, asset            parent company liability
              (Group)                                                                                management business,
                                                                                                     domestic trade business,
                                                                                                     consulting service
            – SAIC Motor Corporation Shanghai      RMB11,683    310,125,822       1.23%          – Production and sale of        Shareholder      Joint stock   Chen Hong
              Limited                                 million                                        vehicles, consulting                           limited
                                                                                                     service, imports and                           company
                                                                                                     exports
China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                       311
Annual Report 2021



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                  Issued     shares of       of the      of the
                                               and fully     the Bank     Bank held Company
                               Registered           paid   held by the       by the     held by                                 Relationship                  Legal
      Company name             location          capital     Company       Company    the Bank Business                         with the Bank   Legal form    representative
      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. Qinhuangdao   RMB8,000    296,291,627      1.17%                –   Port construction and      Shareholder     Limited       Cao Ziyu
                                                 million                  (note(vii))                  investment management,                     liability
                                                                                                       port leasing and
                                                                                                       maintenance business,
                                                                                                       handling and warehousing
                                                                                                       business etc.
      CMB International Capital Hong Kong   HKD4,129                 –             –        100%     Investment bank and        Subsidiary      Limited       Tian Huiyu
        Holdings Corporation                  million                                                  investment managements                     liability
        Limited (CMBICHC)
      CMB Financial Leasing     Shanghai   RMB12,000                 –             –        100%     Finance lease              Subsidiary      Limited       Shi Shunhua
        Company Limited                       million                                                                                             liability
        (CMBFLC)
      CMB Wing Lung Bank        Hong Kong   HKD1,161                 –             –        100%     Banking                    Subsidiary      Limited       Zhu Qi
        Limited (CMB WLB)                     million                                                                                             liability
      China Merchants Fund      Shenzhen    RMB1,310                 –             –         55%     Fund Management            Subsidiary      Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
        Management Co., Ltd.                  million                                                                                             liability
        (CMFM)
      CMB Wealth Management Shenzhen        RMB5,000                 –             –        100%     Asset management           Subsidiary      Limited       Chen Yisong
        Co., Ltd                              million                                                                                             liability
      CMB Europe S.A            Luxembourg     EUR50                 –             –        100%     Banking                    Subsidiary      Limited       Li Biao
                                              million                                                                                             liability
      Cigna & CMB Asset         Beijing      RMB500                  –             –    Note 24 (vii) Asset management          Subsidiary      Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
        Management Company                    million                                                                                             liability
        Limited

      Notes:

      (i)        CMG holds 29.97% of the Bank (2020: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries.

      (ii)       As the largest direct shareholder, CMSNCL, a subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2021 (2020: 13.04%).

      (iii)      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2020: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

      (iv)       China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 3.23% of the Bank (2020: 4.11%) through its 98.23% holding
                 in Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

      (v)        China Communications Construction Group Limited (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.68% of the Bank through its
                 subsidiaries (2020:1.68%).

      (vi)       Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the Bank through its subsidiaries
                 (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2020: 1.23%).

      (vii)      Hebei Port Group Company Ltd. directly holds 1.17% of the Bank (2020: 1.17%).

      (viii)     The sum of the direct holding percentage of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the sum of the above-mentioned relevant percentages may
                 differ slightly due to rounding.
312   China Merchants Bank                      Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
            The registered capital of the Group’s related parties as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
            Name of related party                                                                                                                       2021                                 2020
            CMG                                                                                                                 RMB16,900,000,000                   RMB16,900,000,000
            CMSNCL                                                                                                               RMB7,000,000,000                    RMB7,000,000,000
            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                RMB600,000,000                      RMB600,000,000
            China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                RMB7,778,000,000                    RMB7,777,800,000
            Best Winner Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                           USD50,000                           USD50,000
            China Merchants Union (BVI) Ltd.                                                                                           USD60,000                           USD60,000
            China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                              USD10,000,000                       USD10,000,000
            China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd                                                                                RMB100,000,000                      RMB100,000,000
            Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd                                                                                       RMB30,790,000,000                   RMB30,790,000,000
            China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.                                                                           RMB11,000,000,000                   RMB11,000,000,000
            China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                      RMB16,191,351,300                   RMB16,191,351,300
            COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                                 RMB3,191,200,000                    RMB3,191,200,000
            Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Service Co., Ltd.                                                                 RMB2,000,000                         RMB2,000,000
            COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                                  RMB1,398,941,000                    RMB1,398,941,000
            COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                          HKD500,000,000                      HKD500,000,000
            Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                          RMB299,020,000                      RMB299,020,000
            China Communications Construction Group Limited.                                                                     RMB7,274,023,830                    RMB7,274,023,830
            China Communications Construction Company Limited                                                                   RMB16,174,735,425                   RMB16,174,735,425
            Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                                                    RMB21,599,175,737                   RMB21,599,175,737
            SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                                                      RMB11,683,461,365                   RMB11,683,461,365
            Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                           RMB8,000,000,000                    RMB8,000,000,000
            CMBICHC                                                                                                              HKD4,129,000,000                    HKD4,129,000,000
            CMBFLC                                                                                                              RMB12,000,000,000                    RMB6,000,000,000
            CMB WLB                                                                                                              HKD1,160,950,575                    HKD1,160,950,575
            CMFM                                                                                                                 RMB1,310,000,000                    RMB1,310,000,000
            CMBWM                                                                                                                RMB5,000,000,000                    RMB5,000,000,000
            CMB Europe S.A.                                                                                                        EUR50,000,000                        EUR50,000,000
            Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited                                                                          RMB500,000,000                      RMB500,000,000

            The change of proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries
            held by the Bank
                                   The Bank held by the
                                    largest shareholder                                                         The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                         CMSNCL               CMBICHC             CMBFLC               CMB WLB                  CMFM                 CMBWM       CMB Europe S.A.       CIGNA & CMAM

                                            RMB       %        HKD      %           RMB      %           HKD        %            RMB       %          RMB    %       EUR       %          RMB         %

            At 1 January 2021      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 6,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 720,500,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000       note
            Change                             –          –       –      – 6,000,000,000 100.00             –        –              –       –           –    –          –          –         –        –

            At 31 December 2021    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 720,500,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000      note

                                   The Bank held by the
                                    largest shareholder                                                          The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                         CMSNCL               CMBICHC             CMBFLC               CMB WLB                  CMFM                 CMBWM       CMB Europe S.A.       CIGNA & CMAM

                                            RMB       %         HKD     %           RMB      %           HKD        %            RMB       %          RMB    %        EUR      %          RMB         %

            At 1 January 2020      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 6,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 720,500,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000        note
            Change                             –          –       –      –             –      –             –        –              –       –           –    –          –          –         –        –

            At 31 December 2020    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 6,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 720,500,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000        note

            Note:        This information is detailed in note 24.

            As of 31 December 2021, other than those disclosed above, there were 265 companies that shared common
            directors, supervisors and senior management including their close family members with the Bank and they can
            control or exercise significant influence over the companies. (31 December 2020: 337).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              313
Annual Report 2021



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(b)   Terms and conditions for related-party transactions
      The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business including
      lending, investing, deposit taking, securities trading, providing agency and trust services, and off-balance sheet
      transactions. In the opinion of the directors, the Group enters into such material related-party transactions under
      normal commercial terms. Interest rates on loans and deposits are set in accordance with such benchmark rates as
      PBOC rates and LPR:
                                                                                            2021                  2020
      Short-term loans                                                                    4.35%                4.35%
      Medium to long-term loans                                                  4.75% to 4.90%       4.75% to 4.90%
      Demand deposits                                                                     0.35%                0.35%
      Time deposits                                                              1.10% to 2.75%       1.10% to 2.75%

      There were no loans and advances granted to related parties that were credit impaired during the year (2020:
      None).



(c)   Shareholders and their related companies
      The Bank’s largest shareholder CMSNCL and its related companies held 29.97% (2020: 29.97%) of the Bank’s
      shares as at 31 December 2021 (among them 13.04% of the shares were directly held by CMSNCL (2020: 13.04%)).
      The Group’s transactions and balances with CMSNCL and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                            2021                  2020
      On-balance sheet:
       – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                 –                3,000
       – Amounts held under resale agreements                                              13,967                1,500
       – Loans and advances to customers                                                   42,645               37,411
       – Financial investments                                                              1,147                1,850
       – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                              29,755                2,667
       – Deposits from customers                                                           45,708               82,558
       – Lease liabilities                                                                    186                   91
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                                            3,645                3,615
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                       251                  380
        – Bills of acceptances                                                                188                  292
      Interest income                                                                       1,738                 1,228
      Interest expense                                                                     (1,599)               (1,336)
      Net fee and commission income                                                           669                   662
      Operating expenses                                                                      (42)                  (22)
      Other net income/(expenses)                                                              38                   (22)
314   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (d)   Companies that share common directors, supervisors or senior management
            with the Bank (other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)) and they can control
            or exercise significant influence over the companies
                                                                         2021         2020
            On-balance sheet:
             – Amounts held under resale agreements                        285          485
             – Loans and advances to customers                          13,366       34,467
             – Financial investments                                       595          733
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions     11,137        1,266
             – Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                      –          410
             – Deposits from customers                                  41,235       47,840
             – Lease liabilities                                            73            –
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                   1,711         395
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                               46          22
              – Bills of acceptances                                       225          56
            Interest income                                                927        2,428
            Interest expense                                              (984)        (259)
            Net fee and commission income                                  273          719
            Operating expenses                                          (1,654)      (1,349)
            Other net income                                                 7            8



      (e)   Associates and joint ventures other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)
                                                                         2021         2020
            On-balance sheet:
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions   14,500       14,500
             – Loans and advances to customers                           6,044        4,690
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions      1,251          967
             – Deposits from customers                                     693          387
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                   8,700        8,700
            Interest income                                                516          594
            Interest expense                                               (20)         (16)
            Net fee and commission income                                1,695        1,090
            Operating expenses                                              (6)          (5)



      (f)   Other major shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the Bank and
            exercising significant influence over the Bank
                                                                         2021         2020
            On-balance sheet:
             – Amounts held under resale agreements                        399            –
             – Loans and advances to customers                          17,654       38,862
             – Financial investments                                     2,512        2,478
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions      7,502        5,467
             – Deposits from customers                                  19,704       40,062
             – Lease liabilities                                            46           16
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                   7,895       32,577
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                              337          823
              – Bills of acceptances                                     5,068        5,454
            Interest income                                                738        1,145
            Interest expense                                              (585)        (529)
            Net fee and commission income                                1,411        1,811
            Other net (expense)/income                                     (10)         122
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    315
Annual Report 2021



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(g)   Subsidiaries
                                                                                                 2021                   2020
      On-balance sheet
       – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                   1,950                  4,072
       – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                37,055                 37,331
       – Loans and advances to customers                                                            –                    477
       – Financial investments                                                                  3,454                  1,819
       – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                   7,657                  8,789
       – Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                     –                      4
       – Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                 816                    668
       – Deposits from customers                                                                3,546                  6,596
      Off-balance sheet
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                         1,998                  1,048
        – Bills of acceptances                                                                     81                    113
      Interest income                                                                           1,124                    989
      Interest expense                                                                           (258)                  (195)
      Net fee and commission                                                                   (1,294)                (3,031)
      Operating expenses                                                                          (96)                  (112)
      Other net income                                                                            111                    174

      All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
      consolidated financial statements.



(h)   Key management personnel
      Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
      controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                2021                   2020
                                                                                        in thousands            in thousands
      Salaries and other emoluments                                                            39,264                 40,839
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                         –                 13,508
      Share-based payment                                                                      17,312                 30,290
      Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                    567                    503
      Total                                                                                    57,143                 85,140

      The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
      39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured
      by using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(17); and the amounts are
      charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options may
      expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual cash
      flows received or to be received by senior management.



(i)   Annuity scheme
      Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
      other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
      2021 and 2020.
316   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      62. Non-controlling interests
            Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries. In the opinion of
            the directors of the Bank, the Group does not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during
            the reporting period.



      (a)   Perpetual debt capital
            CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of US$170 million on 27 April 2017 and another perpetual
            debt of US$400 million on 24 January 2019. Movements of perpetual debt capital which were issued by CMB WLB
            are as follows:
                                                                           Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
            At 1 January 2021                                                  3,753                      –                 3,753
            Perpetual debt capital issued                                          –                      –                     –
            Distributions in 2021                                                  –                    227                   227
            Paid in 2021                                                           –                   (227)                 (227)
            Exchange difference                                                 (117)                     –                  (117)
            At 31 December 2021                                                3,636                      –                 3,636

                                                                            Principal     Distributions/Paid                 Total
            At 1 January 2020                                                  3,979                      –                 3,979
            Perpetual debt capital issued                                          –                      –                     –
            Distributions in 2020                                                  –                    234                   234
            Paid in 2020                                                           –                   (234)                 (234)
            Exchange difference                                                 (226)                     –                  (226)
            At 31 December 2020                                                3,753                      –                 3,753

            There is no maturity for the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of
            the issuer. Cancelled interest is non-cumulative. There is no contractual obligation to deliver cash to other parties.
            During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
            corresponding amounts were paid to the perpetual debt holders accordingly.



      63. Transfers of financial assets
            The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial
            assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases, such transfers may give rise to full or partial
            derecognition of the financial assets concerned, and in other cases the transfers may not qualify for derecognition as
            the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these transferred assets. As a result, the Group continues
            to recognise these transferred assets.



            Securitisation of credit assets
            The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
            to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire certain
            investments at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the risks and rewards of the
            transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the associated credit assets by
            evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
            With respect to the credit assets that are securitised and qualified for derecognition, based on the criteria set out in
            Note 4(5), the Group derecognises the transferred credit assets in their entirety. During the year ended 31 December
            2021, the Group transferred loans amounting to RMB56,068 million (2020: RMB72,001 million) in securitisation
            arrangements, as well as substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the loans. The full amount of such
            securitised loans were then derecognised.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    317
Annual Report 2021



63. Transfers of financial assets (continued)
      Securitisation of credit assets (continued)
      In the cases that the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
      transferred credit assets, and for which the Group retains control, the Group recognises an asset in the consolidated
      statement of financial position to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the transferred assets,
      the remaining portion is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the
      risks and rewards exposed by the Group to the value changes of the transferred assets. For the year ended 31
      December 2021, the carrying amount of the securitised credit assets at the time of transfer under the securitisation
      arrangements in which the Group retained a continuing involvement was RMB15,942 million (2020: RMB17,491
      million). The carrying amount of the continuing involvement asset and the corresponding continuing involvement
      liability amounting to RMB5,274 million as at 31 December 2021 (2020: RMB3,128 million) are recognised in other
      assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.



      Transfers of credit assets to third parties
      During the year 2021, in addition to securitisation transactions, the Group transferred credit assets amounting to
      RMB548 million (2020: RMB924 million) to independent third parties directly during the year ended 31 December
      2021. The Group determined that these transferred assets qualified for full derecognition, based on the criteria set
      out in Note 4(5), since the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the transferred assets to
      the counterparties.



      Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills held
      by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and securities lent to counterparties under securities
      lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under agreements to
      repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
      of the contract. The Group determines that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and
      therefore does not derecognise them. Instead, it recognises a financial liability for cash received as collateral.
318   China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
            The scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is determined on a control basis. Control means that
            the investor has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns by participating in the relevant activities of the
            investee, and has the ability to use the power to affect the amount of its return.
            The Group has the power over structured entities, and the other investors have no substantive rights. In the
            meantime, the Group is entitled to variable returns, and will consolidate entities, in which the Group has the right
            to affect the amount of its return.
            In addition to the above-mentioned structured entities that have been included in the Group’s consolidated financial
            statements, the Group’s equity information on structured entities which is not covered by the consolidated financial
            statements is as follows:



      (a)   Interests in the structured entities sponsored by third parties institutions
            The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third parties through investments in the units
            issued by these structured entities. Such interests include investments in wealth management products, asset
            management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets backed securities and fund investments, and the Group does
            not consolidate these structured entities. The purpose of the Group holding these structured entities is to obtain
            investment income, capital appreciation or both.
            The following tables set out an analysis of the balance of interests held by the Group in the structured entities
            sponsored by third parties and an analysis of the line items in the consolidated statement of financial positions as
            at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in which assets are recognised relating to the Group’s interests in
            structured entities sponsored by third parties:
                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                        Balance
                                                                                      Debt
                                                                 Financial     investments           Debt
                                                              investments     at amortised    investments                Maximum
                                                                 at FVTPL              cost     at FVTOCI      Total     exposure
            Asset management schemes                                    –           76,978               –    76,978        76,978
            Trust beneficiary rights                                    –           31,897               –    31,897        31,897
            Asset-backed securities                                 2,537              307           1,205     4,049         4,049
            Fund investments                                      156,112                –               –   156,112       156,112
            Total                                                 158,649          109,182           1,205   269,036       269,036

                                                                                                   2020
                                                                                         Balance
                                                                                       Debt
                                                                  Financial     investments           Debt
                                                               investments     at amortised    investments               Maximum
                                                                  at FVTPL             cost      at FVTOCI     Total     exposure
            Asset management schemes                               63,453           99,916               –   163,369       163,369
            Trust beneficiary rights                                    –           37,663               –    37,663        37,663
            Asset-backed securities                                 3,096            2,691           1,442     7,229         7,229
            Fund investments                                      134,828                –               –   134,828       134,828
            Wealth management products                                 34                –               –        34            34
            Total                                                 201,411          140,270           1,442   343,123       343,123

            The maximum exposures of investments in funds, trust beneficiary rights, asset management schemes, wealth
            management products and asset backed securities are the balance of these assets.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   319
Annual Report 2021



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
(b)   Interests in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
      The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
      management products, funds and assets management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
      are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through the
      issuance of investment products to investors. Interest of the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities is fees
      and commission charged for the services provided.
      As at 31 December 2021, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
      sponsored by the Group was RMB2,777,537 million (31 December 2020: RMB2,445,644 million).
      As at 31 December 2021, the amount of unconsolidated funds sponsored by the Group was RMB1,085,813 million
      (31 December 2020: RMB785,489 million).
      As at 31 December 2021, the amount of unconsolidated asset management schemes sponsored by the Group was
      RMB174,555 million (31 December 2020: RMB177,750 million).
      As at 31 December 2021, amounts held under resale agreements transacted between the Group and the
      non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group were RMB30,896 million (31
      December 2020: RMB48,898 million). The above transactions were conducted in accordance with normal business
      terms and conditions.
      As at 31 December 2021, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
      held by the Group was RMB 2,396 million (31 December 2020: RMB 1,225 million).
      As at 31 December 2021, the amount of unconsolidated fund products held by the Group was RMB6,658 million (31
      December 2020: RMB2,004 million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the amount of wealth management products sponsored by the Group
      transferred to investments measured at amortised cost of the Group was RMB11,004 million (2020: RMB12,629
      million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
      non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products was RMB11,998 million (2020: RMB10,162 million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
      unconsolidated funds was RMB4,223 million (2020: RMB2,330 million).
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
      unconsolidated asset management schemes was RMB627 million (2020: RMB537 million).
      The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group after 1 January
      2021 with a maturity date before 31 December 2021 was RMB1,529,874 million (2020: RMB1,924,836 million).



65. Comparative figures
      Certain comparative figures in the footnotes have been amended to conform to changes in disclosures in current
      year.
320   China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




      (A) Capital adequacy ratio
               The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on
               the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The bases used herein
               may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
               In accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by the CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
               calculates core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                             2021                      2020
               Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                        12.66%                     12.29%
               Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                             14.94%                     13.98%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                    17.48%                     16.54%
               Components of capital base
               Core tier-1 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                      25,220                     25,220
                 Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                    67,491                     67,491
                 Surplus reserves                                                                                         82,104                     71,057
                 Regulatory general reserve                                                                              115,288                     98,082
                 Retained earnings                                                                                       424,768                    365,168
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                               –                        282
                 Other (note (i))                                                                                         12,788                      7,361
               Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                 727,659                    634,661
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                             23,322                     24,569
               Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                   704,337                    610,092
               Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                     127,043                     84,092
               Net tier-1 capital                                                                                        831,380                    694,184
               Tier-2 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                       24,170                     28,340
                 Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                  115,472                     97,119
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                           1,584                      1,647
               Total tier-2 capital                                                                                      141,226                    127,106
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                                               –
               Net tier-2 capital                                                                                        141,226                    127,106
               Net capital                                                                                               972,606                    821,290
               Total risk-weighted assets                                                                             5,563,724                  4,964,542

               Notes:

               (i)    :   Under CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional), other includes investment revaluation reserve,
                          exchange reserve, hedging reserve in the consolidated financial statements, etc.

               (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes preference shares, perpetual bonds, etc.

               In 2021, in accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Bank
               calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.15%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 14.59%, capital adequacy
               ratio is 17.23 %, net capital is RMB875,859 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,082,896 million.
               In 2021, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
               is 11.17%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.19%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.71%, net capital is RMB927,277
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,303,544 million.
               In 2021, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
               is 10.60%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.73%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.26%, net capital is RMB830,529
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,824,290 million.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                321
Annual Report 2021



(B) Leverage ratio
      In accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) issued in
      2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio is as follows. The basis used herein may differ from
      those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
      The difference between regulatory items and accounting items：
                                                                                              2021                  2020
      Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                    9,249,021             8,361,448
      Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
        commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes but
        outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                      (54,231)              (48,399)
      Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                           –                     –
      Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                      (8,526)              (18,274)
      Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                      27,776                45,094
      Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                             1,204,181             1,079,726
      Other adjustments                                                                    (23,322)              (24,569)
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 10,394,899             9,395,026

      Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                              2021                  2020
      On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and securities financing
        transactions (SFT))                                                              8,647,884             7,983,402
      Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1 capital                 (23,322)              (24,569)
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets
        (excluding derivatives and SFTs)                                                 8,624,562             7,958,833
      Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions (net of
        eligible cash variation margin)                                                      5,374                14,080
      Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated with all
        derivatives transactions                                                             9,489                14,918
      Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from the
        balance sheet assets                                                                      –                     –
      Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin provided
        in derivatives transactions                                                               –                     –
      Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade exposures                   –                     –
      Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                                     –                     –
      Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit derivatives                 –                     –
      Total derivative exposures                                                            14,863                28,998
      Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after adjusting for sale
        accounting transactions                                                            523,517               282,375
      Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of gross SFT
        assets                                                                                    –                     –
      Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                      27,776                45,094
      Agent transaction exposures                                                                –                     –
      Total securities financing transaction exposures                                     551,293               327,469
      Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                                2,576,292             2,368,667
      Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                     (1,372,111)           (1,288,941)
      Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                       1,204,181             1,079,726
      Net tier-1 capital                                                                   831,380               694,184
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 10,394,899             9,395,026
      Leverage ratio                                                                        8.00%                 7.39%
322   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
            The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
            Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
            those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group
            was 164.82% in the fourth quarter of 2021, an increase of 20.71 percentage points from the previous quarter,
            mainly due to the increase in high quality liquid assets. The breakdown of the Group’s average value of each item of
            liquidity coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2021 is set out below:
                                                                                                                  Unweighted                     Weighted
                                                                                                                      amount                      amount
            Serial No.                                                                                         (average value)             (average value)
            Stock of high quality liquid assets
            1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                       1,315,276
            Cash outflows
            2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                             2,379,673                     210,446
            3        Stable deposits                                                                                     550,436                      27,522
            4        Less stable deposits                                                                              1,829,237                     182,924
            5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                              4,037,557                   1,328,347
            6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                              2,564,926                     638,309
            7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                           1,454,047                     671,454
            8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                              18,584                      18,584
            9      Secured funding                                                                                             /                      10,866
            10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                  1,727,728                     422,626
            11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other
                       transactions arising from related collateral requirements                                         345,429                     345,429
            12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt instruments funding                                               –                           –
            13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                 1,382,299                      77,197
            14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                          73,126                      73,126
            15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                6,071,119                      92,547
            16     Total cash outflows                                                                                                             2,137,958
            Cash inflows
            17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)                                     297,686                     297,226
            18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                     1,080,407                     694,648
            19     Other cash inflows                                                                                    354,702                     348,081
            20     Total cash inflows                                                                                  1,732,795                   1,339,955


                                                                                                                                            Adjusted value
            21      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                      1,315,276
            22      Net cash outflows                                                                                                                798,003
            23      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                    164.82%

            Note:

            (i)     The domestic data in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the month-end average for
                    the data of subsidiaries.

            (ii)    The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared based on the central bank reserve available under cash and pressure conditions,
                    as well as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on the
                    “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                          323
Annual Report 2021



(D) Net stable funding ratio
      The Group prepared and disclosed information on net stable funding ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
      the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ
      from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The Group’s net stable funding ratio at the end
      of the fourth quarter of 2021 was 123.88%, representing an increase of 5.01 percentage points as compared with
      the previous quarter, which was basically stable. The breakdown of the Group’s net stable fund ratio in the last two
      quarters is set out below:
      31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                         Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                    6 months to
      Serial No.                                                         No maturity   < 6 months     12 months   ≥ 12 months
      Available stable funding (ASF) item
      1       Capital                                                       861,035             –             –        20,000    881,035
      2          Regulatory capital                                         849,335             –             –        20,000    869,335
      3          Other capital instruments                                   11,700             –             –             –     11,700
      4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                 customer                                                  1,916,922      684,121       50,334          5,224   2,421,524
      5          Stable deposits                                             599,073        1,947          183          1,429     572,572
      6          Less stable deposits                                      1,317,849      682,174       50,151          3,795   1,848,952
      7       Wholesale funding                                            2,901,087    1,892,144      293,020        239,208   2,501,785
      8          Operational deposits                                      2,598,197            –            –              –   1,299,099
      9          Other wholesale funding                                     302,890    1,892,144      293,020        239,208   1,202,686
      10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                      –            –            –              –           –
      11      Other liabilities                                               39,745       89,705       48,117        195,638     179,823
      12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                           39,874
      13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                   above categories                                           39,745       89,705        48,117       155,764     179,823
      14      Total ASF                                                                                                         5,984,167
      Required stable funding (RSF) item
      15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                       228,498
      16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                 operational purposes                                         39,853        8,329             –             –      24,091
      17      Performing loans and securities                                    313    2,357,601     1,074,105     3,334,716   4,164,678
      18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                   Level 1 HQLA                                                    –      474,378             –             –     71,157
      19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                   by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                   loans to financial institutions                              313       536,930      177,453         24,877    194,190
      20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                   loans to retail and small business customers, and
                   loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                   which:                                                          –    1,147,428      828,084      1,810,662   2,492,938
      21           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                      under the Basel II standardized approach for
                      credit risk                                                  –      125,673      106,521        169,404     226,210
      22         Performing residential mortgages, of which:                       –       36,012       30,283      1,313,371   1,147,834
      23           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                      under the Basel II standardized approach for
                      credit risk                                                  –            –             –             –           –
      24         Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                     –      162,853        38,285       185,806    258,559
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                      –            –             –             –          –
      26      Other assets                                                    25,675      116,307        56,013        50,202    218,099
324   China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (D) Net stable funding ratio (Continued)
            31 December 2021 (Continued)
                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                               Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                          6 months to
            Serial No.                                                         No maturity   < 6 months     12 months   ≥ 12 months
            Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
            27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                    4,637                                               3,941
            28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                        contracts and contributions to default funds of
                        CCPs                                                                                                    132        112
            29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                 36,445          –
            30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                        variation margin posted                                                                               8,164      8,164
            31        All other assets not included in the above categories         21,038      116,307        56,013        13,625    205,882
            32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                               4,724,177    195,227
            33       Total RSF                                                                                                        4,830,593
            34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                     123.88%

            30 September 2021
                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                               Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                          6 months to
            Serial No.                                                         No maturity   < 6 months     12 months   ≥ 12 months
            Available stable funding (ASF) item
            1       Capital                                                       789,164             –             –        20,000    809,164
            2          Regulatory capital                                         777,464             –             –        20,000    797,464
            3          Other capital instruments                                   11,700             –             –             –     11,700
            4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                       customer                                                  1,770,522      656,819       37,436          7,618   2,254,186
            5          Stable deposits                                             560,572        4,658          161          1,304     538,425
            6          Less stable deposits                                      1,209,950      652,161       37,275          6,314   1,715,761
            7       Wholesale funding                                            2,521,735    2,194,603      306,908        224,206   2,360,339
            8          Operational deposits                                      2,454,091            –            –              –   1,227,046
            9          Other wholesale funding                                      67,644    2,194,603      306,908        224,206   1,133,293
            10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                      –            –            –              –           –
            11      Other liabilities                                               36,390       91,306       51,446        167,565     149,773
            12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                           43,515
            13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                         above categories                                           36,390       91,306        51,446       124,050     149,773
            14      Total ASF                                                                                                         5,573,462
            Required stable funding (RSF) item
            15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                       251,477
            16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                       operational purposes                                         50,698        5,142             –             –      27,920
            17      Performing loans and securities                                 18,243    2,281,881     1,048,018     3,253,463   4,082,195
            18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                         Level 1 HQLA                                                    –      214,190             –             –     28,576
            19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                         by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                         loans to financial institutions                            18,243      691,380      209,292         20,227    234,833
            20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                         loans to retail and small business customers, and
                         loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                         which:                                                          –    1,138,620      778,066      1,771,438   2,428,763
            21           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                            under the Basel II standardized approach for
                            credit risk                                                  –      128,990      107,200        176,512    232,827
China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                           325
Annual Report 2021



(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
      30 September 2021 (continued)
                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                            Unweighted amount                                 amount
                                                                                                         6 months to
      Serial No.                                                        No maturity      < 6 months        12 months     ≥ 12 months
      Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
      22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                         –         35,737           29,352        1,286,395       1,124,244
      23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                     under the Basel II standardized approach for
                     credit risk                                                    –               –                –                –               –
      24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                  as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                      –         201,954           31,308          175,403         265,779
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                      –               –                –                –               –
      26      Other assets                                                    26,203          62,020           22,705           41,118         122,428
      27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                    4,098                                                             3,483
      28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                  contracts and contributions to default funds of
                  CCPs                                                                                                             162              138
      29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          37,304                –
      30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                  variation margin posted                                                                                        8,795           8,795
      31        All other assets not included in the above categories         22,105          62,020           22,705            3,652         110,012
      32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                        9,112,573         204,768
      33       Total RSF                                                                                                                     4,688,788
      34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                   118.87%

      Note:

      (i)      The Group calculates net stable funding ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks” and
               relevant statistical regulations.

      (ii)     Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time include, but are not limited to, items such as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity
               deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded commodities.

      (iii)    The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
               of variation margin posted”.
326   China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                            2021
                                                                             USD         HKD           Other         Total
                                                                                     (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                                   495,257     35,808           59,918      590,983
            Spot liabilities                                              512,533     15,558           83,915      612,006
            Forward purchased                                             491,072      4,528           56,172      551,772
            Forward written                                               492,022     19,146           32,156      543,324
            Net option position                                            13,086        361              417       13,864
            Net long position                                              (5,140)      5,993              436       1,289
            Net structural position                                        19,155     33,220               991      53,366

                                                                                            2020
                                                                             USD         HKD              Other       Total
                                                                                     (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                                   514,789     42,491           76,940      634,220
            Spot liabilities                                              498,529     27,393           70,538      596,460
            Forward purchased                                             496,469      9,019           87,616      593,104
            Forward written                                               512,955     14,274           89,931      617,160
            Net option position                                            11,721        169           (2,754)       9,136
            Net long position                                              11,495     10,012             1,333      22,840
            Net structural position                                         9,537     31,120             1,005      41,662

            The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
            Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
            branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
            –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
            –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
            –      Investments in subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 327
Annual Report 2021



(F) International claims
      The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all claims on third
      parties outside Mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Mainland China as
      international claims.
      International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
      holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
      International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
      area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
      into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
      is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
      located in another country.
                                                                                             2021
                                                                      Banks
                                                                  and other
                                                                   financial    Public sector
                                                                institutions         entities        Other          Total
      Foreign currencies transactions in Mainland China              61,952             4,288       138,985      205,225
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                          86,411            31,240       169,165      286,816
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                           66,216            28,841       146,732      241,789
      Europe                                                          9,556             2,103        18,401       30,060
      North and South America                                        25,361            54,449        18,010       97,820
      Total                                                        183,280             92,080       344,561      619,921

                                                                                             2020
                                                                       Banks
                                                                   and other
                                                                    financial    Public sector
                                                                 institutions          entities       Other         Total
      Foreign currencies transactions in Mainland China              71,342             6,050       111,106      188,498
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                          65,102            35,237       150,158      250,497
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                           37,344            33,862       135,236      206,442
      Europe                                                          7,936             1,175        19,162       28,273
      North and South America                                        35,131            28,197        30,223       93,551
      Total                                                        179,511             70,659       310,649      560,819
328   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
            Operation in Mainland China
                                                                               2021                     2020
                                                                                  % of gross                   % of gross
                                                                                   loans and                    loans and
                                                                                    advances                     advances
                                                                                  covered by                   covered by
                                                                                collateral or                 collateral or
                                                                        Amount other security    Amount     other security
            Transportation, storage and postal services                 412,417           47     381,898                42
            Property development                                        367,642           52     342,667                53
            Manufacturing                                               309,635           39     256,173                36
            Production and supply of electric power, heating
              power, gas and water                                      187,611           47     161,777                39
            Leasing and commercial services                             170,009           26     143,805                28
            Wholesale and retail                                        138,352           36     132,055                38
            Construction                                                117,453           21     101,442                21
            Water, environment and public utilities management           64,427           41      52,911                46
            Telecommunications, software and IT services                 58,267           44      54,491                35
            Finance                                                      57,988           28      74,892                43
            Mining                                                       28,854           32      31,097                31
            Others                                                       66,364           23      65,330                27
            Corporate loans and advances subtotal                      1,979,019          40    1,798,538               40
            Discounted bills                                            431,305          100     327,479              100
            Residential mortgage                                       1,364,534         100    1,264,466             100
            Credit cards                                                 840,254           –      746,560               –
            Micro-finance loans                                          560,657          81      474,545              85
            Others                                                       173,527          16      156,713              25
            Retail loans and advances subtotal                         2,938,972          63    2,642,284               65
            Gross loans and advances to customers                      5,349,296          57    4,768,301               58
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       329
Annual Report 2021



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (Continued)
      Operation outside Mainland China
                                                                       2021                    2020
                                                                           % of gross                 % of gross
                                                                            loans and                  loans and
                                                                             advances                   advances
                                                                           covered by                 covered by
                                                                         collateral or               collateral or
                                                                 Amount other security   Amount    other security
      Finance                                                     37,345           16     39,402               21
      Property development                                        34,062           51     48,125               59
      Transportation, storage and postal services                 33,186           84     30,526               87
      Manufacturing                                               23,763           28     26,962               31
      Wholesale and retail                                         8,920           26     17,720               37
      Telecommunications, software and IT services                 7,727           25      9,644               19
      Production and supply of electric power, heating
        power, gas and water                                       7,077           18      8,636               24
      Mining                                                       5,651           21      9,579               36
      Leasing and commercial services                              4,749           46     11,223               66
      Construction                                                 3,481           69      2,177               40
      Water, environment and public utilities management             821           60      2,383               83
      Others                                                       5,137           51     12,317               62
      Corporate loans and advances subtotal                      171,919           42    218,694               47
      Discounted bills                                                 –             –     3,257             100
      Residential mortgage                                         9,872          100     10,349             100
      Credit cards                                                   117            –        127               –
      Micro-finance loans                                          1,214           99      1,183              99
      Others                                                      37,616           98     27,217              97
      Retail loans and advances subtotal                          48,819           98     38,876               97
      Gross loans and advances to customers                      220,738           55    260,827               55
330   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (Continued)
            When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/category accounts for 10% or above of
            the total amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit
            impairment allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                    2021
                                                                                                        –Stage 2              –Stage 3
                                            Overdue loans     Impaired loans          –Stage 1 (Lifetime ECL-not        (Lifetime ECL-
                                             and advances      and advances     (12-month ECL) credit-impaired)       credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                     3,966              3,821           19,333              1,525               2,677
            Credit card                             26,823             13,846           21,585              8,506              12,987
            Micro-business loan                      3,101              3,500           11,285                728               3,007

                                                                                    2020
                                                                                                           –Stage 2            –Stage 3
                                              Overdue loans    Impaired loans         –Stage 1   (Lifetime ECL-not       (Lifetime ECL-
                                              and advances      and advances    (12-month ECL)     credit-impaired)    credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                     4,019              3,759            9,042                726               2,729
            Credit card                             20,065             12,424            7,428             13,630              11,770
            Micro-business loan                      2,877              3,026           20,793                880               2,548

            As at 31 December 2021, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
            held against impaired loans and advances is RMB3,304 million (31 December 2020: RMB6,262 million).
China Merchants Bank        Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                 331
Annual Report 2021



(H) Overdue loans and advances to customers
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                             2021     2020
       Headquarters                                                         13,812   15,328
       Yangtze River Delta region                                            3,711    4,704
       Bohai Rim region                                                      3,490    6,370
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                               5,052    5,400
       Northeast region                                                      1,510    2,357
       Central region                                                        4,066    2,914
       Western region                                                        2,295    2,875
       Outside Mainland China                                                  166      342
       Subsidiaries                                                            997      694
       Total                                                                35,099   40,984



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                             2021     2020
       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been overdue with
         respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                8,629   10,445
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                               7,710    9,667
         – over 12 months                                                   18,760   20,872
       Total                                                                35,099   40,984
       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                               0.15%    0.21%
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                              0.14%    0.19%
         – over 12 months                                                   0.33%    0.41%
       Total                                                                0.62%    0.81%
332   China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2021



      (H) Overdue loans and advances to customers (Continued)
      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                               2021                      2020
            Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   12,953                     15,148
            Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                 20,884                     25,315
            Value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                     29,922                     43,862

            The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2021 was RMB1
            million (2020: RMB150 million).
            Note:    The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                     Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                     For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                     classified as overdue.

                     Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                     repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
                     limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                     The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
                     of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
                     realisation experience as well as market situation.

                     Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to the gross advance had been included in the
                     “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (I)   Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                  2021                                        2020
                                                                                                          % of total                                 % of total
                                                                                                          loans and                                  loans and
                                                                                        Amount             advances                Amount             advances
            Renegotiated loans and advances to customers (Note)                           16,517               0.30%                24,878              0.49%
            Less:
              – Renegotiated loans and advances overdue more
                  than 90 days                                                            10,406               0.19%                15,169              0.30%
              – Renegotiated loans and advances overdue less than
                  90 days                                                                   6,111              0.11%                  9,709             0.19%

            Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

            The amount of the Group’s renegotiated loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2021 was 1
            million (2020: 1 million).



      (J) Non-bank mainland china exposures
            The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
            in the Mainland China. As of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, most of the Bank’s exposures arose
            from businesses with Mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
            counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
                         We are here    Just for you




                          http: //www.cmbchina.com
Add: China Merchants Bank Tower, No. 7088, Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen, China
                           Tel: + 86 755 8319 8888
                           Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                              Postcode: 518040
