H Share Stock Code : 03968



               Annual Report
China Merchants Bank         Contents                                                1
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Contents

2      Definitions
2      Significant Risk Warning
3      Important Notice
4      Chairman’s Statement
7      President’s Statement
12     Chapter I Company Information
16     Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
20     Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
       20     3.1    Analysis of Overall Operation
       20     3.2    Analysis of Income Statement
       27     3.3    Analysis of Balance Sheet
       32     3.4    Analysis of Loan Quality
       39     3.5    Analysis of Capital Adequacy
       42     3.6    Results of Operating Segments
       42     3.7    Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
       42     3.8    Implementation of Development Strategies
       48     3.9    Key Business Concerns in Operation
       56     3.10 Business Operation
       74     3.11 Risk Management
       80     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
83     Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
97     Chapter V Corporate Governance
137    Chapter VI Important Events
144    Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
153    Chapter VIII Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank         Definitions / Significant Risk Warning
    Annual Report 2024 (H share)



    Definitions

    The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants                CIGNA & CMAM:
    Bank:
                                                                 CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                 CMB Europe S.A.:
    The Group:
                                                                 China Merchants Bank (Europe) Co., Ltd.
    China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                 CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
    CSRC:
                                                                 CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    China Securities Regulatory Commission
                                                                 Merchants Union Consumer Finance or MUCFC:
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:
                                                                 Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                                 CMB YunChuang:
    Hong Kong Listing Rules:
                                                                 CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
    The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK    100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
    CMB Wing Lung Bank:                                          CMB Network Technology:
    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited                                   China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
                                                                 Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
    CMB Wing Lung Group:
                                                                 indirectly
    CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                 Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP:
    CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:
                                                                 Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP (Special General Partnership)
    CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                 SFO:
    CMB International Capital or CMBIC:
                                                                 Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
    CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited       Laws of Hong Kong)

    CMB Wealth Management:                                       Model Code:

    CMB Wealth Management Company Limited                        Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                                                 Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange
    China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
    China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.




    Significant Risk Warning

    The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
    Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
China Merchants Bank         Important Notice                                                                                  3
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Important Notice

1.     The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
       confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
       misleading statements or material omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such
       contents.
2.     The 48th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was convened at the Shekou
       Training Centre of the Company in Shenzhen on 25 March 2025. The meeting was presided by Miao Jianmin,
       Chairman of the Board of Directors. 14 out of 14 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. 8 Supervisors of
       the Company were present at the meeting. The convening of the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of
       the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
       Ltd.
3.     Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young (both being auditors of the Company) have separately audited the
       2024 annual financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
       and IFRS Accounting Standards, and have separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
4.     Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this report are expressed in RMB.
5.     Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Wang Liang, President and Chief Executive Officer, Peng Jiawen, Executive
       Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Board of Directors and Sun Zhihua, the person in charge
       of the Finance and Accounting Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy
       and completeness of the financial statements in this report.
6.     The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a cash dividend of RMB2.000 (tax inclusive)
       for every ordinary share for the year of 2024. The implementation of the profit appropriation plan is subject to
       consideration and approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting. In 2024, the Company did not transfer any capital
       reserve into share capital.
7.     We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
       results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
       “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
       are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
       forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
       prove to be correct. Therefore, they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not
       place undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
       forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
       of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
       the actual results.
4   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2024 (H share)



    Chairman’s Statement

    The year 2024 marked a pivotal stage for achieving the goals of China’s “14th Five-Year Plan” and a critical year for
    deepening comprehensive reforms. Amid a complex and challenging landscape characterised by mounting external
    pressures and domestic difficulties, China Merchants Bank (CMB) resolutely implemented the decisions and deployments of
    the Party Central Committee and the State Council. By strengthening our professional expertise, advancing the “five major
    articles” and dedicating ourselves to serving the real economy, we achieved steady progress with positive momentum. Our
    differentiated strengths became more pronounced, and our core competitiveness further solidified. These achievements
    could be summarised by three keywords: “stability, advancement, positivity”.


    “Stability” of overall condition was reinforced. We maintained dynamically balanced development across “quality,
    profitability, and scale”. In terms of profitability, revenue declines narrowed quarter by quarter, with full-year profit
    recording positive growth. The return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank
    reached 14.49%. In terms of scale, total assets exceeded RMB12 trillion, while deposits surpassed RMB9 trillion, both
    growing by over 10% as compared with the end of the previous year. We secured, stabilised, and reinforced deposit and
    loan portfolios. In terms of quality, we strengthened comprehensive risk management, proactively addressed risks in
    key sectors, and safeguarded against systemic risks. Our non-performing loan ratio and allowance coverage ratio secured
    leading positions among listed banks.


    “Advancement” was made with solid progress. We focused on delivering value and integrating our services into the
    nation’s development strategy to a high standard. By advancing the “five major articles” in step with the times,
    we significantly enhanced our capacity to support the real economy. We prioritised major national strategies, key
    sectors, and underserved areas, and increased support for the real economy, with the balance of the financing products
    aggregate to corporate customers (FPA) exceeding RMB6 trillion. The balance of loans to technology, green industries,
    inclusive finance, manufacturing and other key sectors further increased as a share of total lending. We strongly supported
    and actively executed the government’s incremental policy packages, reducing fees and offering concessions to spur
    consumption, expand investment, and support listed companies to better manage market value, thereby promoting
    stable capital market development. We kept seeking improvement by vigorously pursuing cost optimisation and
    operational efficiency. Through holistic cost management and disciplined control of high-cost liabilities, our cost of
    interest payment on deposits remained competitive among peers. Adhering to the principle of “retaining necessary expenses
    and reducing those with lower priority”, we refined expenditure structures, improved cost efficiency, and steadily reduced
    the cost-to-income ratio.


    “Positivity” in momentum became more evident. Our featured strength in retail finance and extensive wealth
    management was extended, with digital intelligence transformation deepened. Our differentiated operational features
    became more distinct. A customer-centric service matrix promoted increase in volume, expansion in coverage, and
    improvement in quality regarding clientele and business, with retail customers surpassing 200 million and the total assets
    under management (AUM) from retail customers approaching RMB15 trillion. The “AI + finance” special initiative were
    carried out with quickened pace, achieving breakthroughs in foundation building, middle-office development and scenario
    applications, culminating in the launch of the domestic banking industry’s first open source financial AI model with tens
    of billions of parameters. Business competitiveness was further highlighted. Our capital-heavy business grew stronger,
    with net interest margin outperforming most listed peers; capital-light business expanded further, maintaining a leading
    proportion of net non-interest income. The Bank maintained robust endogenous capital growth, with our dividend payout
    ratio among the highest in industry and Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio showing improvement.


    In 2025, rainbows follow upon storms; opportunities lie in challenges. External headwinds are intensifying, and
    China’s economy faces transitional pains as old and new growth drivers shift. The recovery of effective demand remains a
    gradual process, while economic and financial cycles exhibit “discrepancies”. Yet, the journey of Chinese modernisation
    is one with promising future and the long-term upward trajectory of China’s socio-economic development remains
    unchanged. At CMB, our value-creation capabilities and strengths of being innovation-driven, model-leading, and distinctive
    in features remain unchanged. The fighting spirit of management and staff, daring to engage in tough battles and capable
    of securing victories, remains unchanged. We will adhere to the principle of professionalism and market-based operation
    and integrate our work into the broader purpose of furthering comprehensive reforms, acting as pragmatists to explore,
    forge a path and charge forward in financial development with Chinese characteristics, thereby contributing to the efforts
    of the construction of a financial powerhouse.
China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement   5
Annual Report 2024 (H share)




          Miao Jianmin
          Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2024 (H share)


    – Uphold fundamental principles and break new ground (守正創新), and always maintain our unique advantages.
    Upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新) requires us to advance through inheritance, and
    innovate while upholding fundamental principles for this is the origin, foundation, and prerequisite. Facing new trends
    of development, we will steadfastly retain the principles that have created the core competitiveness of CMB, including:
    long-term commitment to high-quality customer service, sustained investment in technology empowerment, effective
    support for innovation-driven growth, unwavering focus on value creation, long-term commitment to a culture of
    “professional and dedicated execution”, as well as talent cultivation in a scientific way. Meanwhile, we will keep moving
    forward while maintaining stability and deepen transformation. Besides consolidating the characteristics of retail finance
    and the advantages of low-cost liabilities, we will strengthen and enhance the capital-heavy business, optimise and expand
    the capital-light business, continue to optimise the extensive wealth management service model, strengthen the financial
    market trading capacity, and deepen synergy and linkage, so as to increase the proportion of non-interest income. We will
    also continue to maintain and increase technological input, use technology to empower the innovation of products, services
    and models, create the “Malik Curve” and strive to build the best value creation bank that is innovation-driven, model-
    leading, and distinctive in features.


    – Serve national interests and comprehensively build systematic capabilities for transformational breakthroughs.
    Implementing the “five major articles” is both an urgent need for our own high-quality development and an inherent
    requirement for serving the construction of a modern economic system. We will firmly undertake our mission, closely
    revolve around the “five major articles”, continuously enhance our professional capabilities, especially to support
    technological innovation with finance, and contribute more to serving the building of a financial powerhouse. We will
    focus on long-term strategies, adopt measures according to circumstances to accelerate internationalisation steps, enhance
    our operational capabilities in Hong Kong and overseas, deepen the cross-border financial service system, and strengthen
    domestic and foreign linkage and synergy, thereby taking internationalisation to a new level and serving the high-level
    opening-up of the nation. We will fully leverage business strengths from service mechanisms of “One Entire Bank for One
    Customer“ and “Integration of Investment Banking and Commercial Banking” and take advantage of our digital intelligence
    service capabilities, establish a segmentation and classification-based customer service system covering core enterprises
    and their industry chains, upstream and downstream small- and medium-sized enterprises, to serve the construction of a
    modern industrial system and to enhance asset deployment capabilities.


    – Strengthen the implementation of “AI + finance” scenarios and ecosystem construction to create a new moat.
    At present, the world is in a critical period of transformation from digitalisation to intelligence. Artificial intelligence has
    become the core technology of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. We will seize the rapid development opportunities of
    AI, accelerate the transition from an “Online CMB” to a “Digital & Intelligent CMB”, continue to increase technological
    investment in AI, gain insights into frontier technology development trends, build a strong foundation of digitisation and
    intelligence, and strengthen the implementation of “AI + finance” scenarios and ecosystem construction. We will expand
    our “circle of friends” and jointly promote ecosystem development and application of AI.


    – Consolidate the “fortress-style” risk and compliance management system to guard against systemic risks. Facing
    the trend and cyclical changes in interest rates, population, and real estate, and the impact of external shocks, we will
    continue to effectively prevent and resolve key area risks, and optimise asset allocation. We will manage asset quality while
    implementing national real estate policies, adhere to scientific analysis, sorting out, and mitigating local implicit debt risks,
    focus on structural risks and retail credit risks resulting from obsolete business models and weakening old income drivers,
    and continuously strengthen anti-money laundering and compliance management.


    Great accomplishments arise from aspiration; expansive undertakings grow through diligence.
    2025 is a crucial year for concluding the “14th Five-Year Plan” and planning the “15th Five-Year Plan”.
    At this crucial moment of accelerated changes in global political, economic, and technological landscape, we will firmly
    maintain our confidence in victory and keep our high spirits. At the same time, with a sense of urgency and a sense of
    responsibility to strive for progress, we will promote high-quality development to a new level, making new and greater
    contributions to the comprehensive promotion of building a great country and the great cause of national rejuvenation by
    pursuing Chinese modernisation.


    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Chairman




    25 March 2025
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                             7
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



President’s Statement

2024 presented significant challenges. Against a backdrop of complex and volatile international conditions, insufficient
effective credit demand in China, narrowing interest spread due to interest rate decline, and increasing pressure to contain
financial risks, the management team of the Bank, under the strong leadership of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), led
all management staff and employees of the Bank in conscientiously implementing the national macro-economic policies
and the requirements of the financial regulatory authorities, and accomplishing the goals set by the Board. The Company
further promoted the strategy of building a value creation bank, with focus on the establishment of a new high-quality
development model driven by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles, and breaking new ground
(嚴格管理、守正創新)”, and adherence to the concept of dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and
Scale”, achieving steady progress and positive momentum that marked solid steps on the path of high-quality development.


Over the past year, the Bank’s business scale reached a new level, with total assets exceeding RMB12 trillion, and
total deposits from customers exceeding RMB9 trillion. Asset quality remained sound with a non-performing loan
ratio of 0.95%, staying at the same level as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio
was 411.98%, and the allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.92%, demonstrating that risk compensation capacity kept strong.
The Bank’s operating profitability remained stable. Net operating income reached RMB337.121 billion. Net profit
attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB148.391 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.22%.
The Bank maintained endogenous capital growth. The Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement
Approach increased by 1.13 percentage points or to 14.86% from the end of the previous year. Total capital adequacy
ratio reached 19.05%. With the constant optimisation of business structure, the proportion of net non-interest income
reached 37.33%, up by 0.64 percentage point as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Bank
ranked 10th on the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of Tier 1 capital. The market value of the Bank returned to
the trillion-yuan level.


Anchored by our strategy of building a value creation bank, we have been committed to creating diversified
value. We upheld the philosophy of win-win in business, balanced the interests of all stakeholders, and continuously
explored ways to better serve customers, empower employees, reward shareholders, collaborate with partners, and
contribute to society while pursuing outstanding performance, aiming to build a brighter shared future together. We
continuously strove to become the best bank in customer service by constantly upgrading products and service systems
to support customers’ fund security, financial health, and wealth preservation and growth. As a result, we have earned the
recognition, preference, and trust of an increasing number of customers, with over 200 million retail customers and over
3 million corporate customers. We continuously strove to become the best bank in employee development, with a
workforce of nearly 120,000, including over 9,000 new hires. For 14 consecutive years, we ranked among China’s Top 10
Best Employers, while achieving the top spot for the first time last year. We continuously strove to become the best
bank in shareholders’ return, with ROAA and ROAE at 1.28% and 14.49% respectively, maintaining a high international
standing, and an industry-leading cash dividend payout ratio. We continuously strove to become the most trusted bank
by partners, hosting 159 institutions with industry representativeness on the “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)”, an open platform
of wealth management business of the Company, and updated “Qian Ying Zhan Yi 2.0 Financial Empowerment Plan (千鷹
展翼 2.0 金融賦能計劃)” in collaboration with stock exchanges and venture capital firms, fostering a thriving technology
finance service ecosystem. We continuously strove to become the most socially responsible bank by actively serving
the real economy and advancing the “five major articles”. The growth rate of loans in technology finance, green finance,
inclusive finance and other sectors was higher than the average growth rate of the loans granted by the Bank. We also
actively developed retirement finance and digital finance. We supported national strategies for regional development,
accelerating the growth of branches in key regions, and responded to policy directives by implementing measures to reduce
fees and offer concessions, including lowering fees on distributed funds and insurance products, and reducing mortgage
interest rates. We actively embraced ESG philosophy, supported rural revitalisation, and engaged in public welfare and
charity. In 2024, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating was the highest level “AAA”.
8   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2024 (H share)


    The Company strengthened management and innovation as dual drivers to establish a new model for high-quality
    development. We adapted to the shift in the economic growth model and proactively responded to the banking industry’s
    transition into an era of low interest rates and narrow interest spread, strengthening the shield of management and
    forging the spear of innovation. The Company laid the groundwork for high-quality development through rigorous
    management. The Company accelerated the establishment of a management system that is standardised, refined,
    empowering, systematic, and scientific. It optimised asset-liability management and fully implemented the new capital
    regulations. Cost control was reinforced through comprehensive expense management, adopting a prudent approach to
    expenditure while driving efficiency enhancements. Organisational reforms were deepened with the establishment of the
    Retail Customers Department, as well as the advancement of branch operation system reforms and the transformation of
    comprehensive sub-branches. Operational management was further strengthened with the launch of the “Operation+ (營+)”
    service series and the upgrade of the intelligent operation model. The Company upheld fundamental principles and
    broke new ground (守正創新) to enhance the momentum for high-quality development. Focusing on the needs of
    the nation and the needs of customers, the Company accelerated technological innovation in artificial intelligence, cloud
    computing, and big data. It upgraded its intelligent wealth assistant, “Xiao Zhao (小招)”, and upgraded products such as
    Flash Loan, Zhao Qi Dai (招企貸), and Sci-tech Loan (科創貸), continuously optimising and innovating products, services,
    mechanisms, and processes.


    The Company implemented differentiated development strategies to reinforce its distinctive and differentiated
    advantages. Amid intensifying homogeneous competition, we strategically positioned ourselves and reinforced our
    unique strengths to drive differentiated development. The business framework of “retail banking as the core, with
    balanced and coordinated development of the four major sectors” became increasingly well-defined. Marking
    the 20th anniversary of its retail banking strategy as a new starting point, the Company continuously strove towards the
    goal of becoming the “Best Retail Bank in China”. It further upgraded and strengthened its systematic advantages in retail
    finance, with assets under management (AUM) reaching nearly RMB15 trillion. The contributions of retail banking to net
    operating income and profit before tax remained above 50%, underscoring its role as a “ballast stone”. The corporate
    finance sector continued to refine its distinct advantages and enhance its service model, with the financing products
    aggregate to corporate customers (FPA) exceeding RMB6 trillion. The investment banking and financial markets sector
    further strengthened its competitive position, leading the market in areas such as M&A loans, bond underwriting, financial
    markets, and bill business. The wealth management and asset management sector accelerated its transformation, with
    the number of retail clients covered by the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System” increasing by 13.84% and the
    average daily balance of corporate wealth management products growing by 30.35% year-on-year. The total scale of asset
    management business reached RMB4.48 trillion, while assets under custody amounted to RMB22.86 trillion. The Company
    enhanced the quality and efficiency of comprehensive and international operations. The cross-border financial
    service system was further refined, supporting the high-quality development of the Belt and Road Initiative and assisting
    Chinese enterprises in global operation. The volume of international balance of payments of corporate customers, as well
    as client flow trading of wholesale customers, grew by 19.26% and 19.40% year-on-year, respectively. The capabilities of
    subsidiaries were continuously strengthened, with their market influence steadily rising, further amplifying the CMB Group’s
    flywheel effect.


    The Company remained service-oriented, continuously enhancing service quality and efficiency. We remained
    committed to the people-first philosophy, adhering to the core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for
    customers” while fostering a service culture of “We are here just for you”. Just as a sunflower turns toward the sun, we
    consistently adjusted to customer demands, while continuously improving the breadth, depth, warmth, and precision of
    services. We enhanced our value-creation capabilities by supporting residents and corporate clients in wealth growth,
    asset security, and financial access, fostering mutual growth and a shared future. Service models were innovated through
    a “people + digital intelligence” approach, deepening the customer segmentation and classification-based service system
    to elevate the customer experience. The “One Entire Bank for One Customer” service mechanism was further refined,
    strengthening high-quality partnerships to provide diversified, integrated, and global financial services. Financial consumer
    rights protection efforts were reinforced through dedicated service enhancement initiatives, continually improving
    customers’ sense of gain, security, and satisfaction.
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement   9
Annual Report 2024 (H share)




          Wang Liang
          President and Chief Executive Officer
10   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     The Company prioritised technological advancement, comprehensively developing a “Digital & Intelligent CMB”.
     The banking industry is in the midst of a technological wave and industrial transformation led by the new generation
     of artificial intelligence represented by the large language model. Artificial intelligence would be the key differentiating
     factor in the industry. To this end, we accelerated the transition from an “Online CMB” to a “Digital & Intelligent CMB”.
     We continued to develop a digital and intelligent foundation based on “cloud + AI + middle office”, more quickly
     unleashed benefits from cloud migration, built intelligent computing infrastructure, and unlocked the value of data assets.
     Investments in AI and other frontier technologies were increased, expediting the development of new models that integrate
     “AI + finance” and “people + digital intelligence”. The first financial AI model “Yi Zhao (一招)” with tens of billions of
     parameters was launched in domestic market, with over 120 large-model application scenarios implemented across the
     Bank, fostering mutual empowerment between people and technology. The deep integration of technology into operations
     and services remained a priority. Monthly active users (MAU) of the CMB APP and the CMB Life APP reached 123 million,
     while the average monthly active customers on wholesale online channels totalled 1.9494 million.


     The Company upheld a talent-driven strategy, strengthening its talent development initiatives. As banking
     operations are integral to the national economy and people’s livelihoods, a team of highly professional, dedicated, and
     high-quality talents was essential. We advocated a people-oriented approach, fostering mutual growth with employees,
     strengthened talent training efforts, established a “dual-channel” career growth mechanism for employees and accelerated
     the development of a talent team that is professional, diverse, market-driven, and international. We continuously improved
     the scientific and effective “selection, development, utilisation, retention, and management” system, strengthened the
     application of the “Six Can-do” mechanism (六能機制),1 stimulated the vitality of the team, enhanced its cohesion and
     workforce capability and organically integrated the unique Chinese financial culture with CMB’s corporate culture. We
     strove to maintain a clean, positive, and entrepreneurial environment, aiming to cultivate a high-quality, loyal, competent,
     and professional team of financial leaders.


     The Company adhered to a risk-oriented and compliance-first approach, fortifying a fortress-style comprehensive
     risk and compliance management system. We strengthened the construction of our comprehensive risk and compliance
     management system, striving to ensure that risk and compliance management extended horizontally and vertically to
     achieve full coverage with no blind spots. Efforts were intensified to prevent and mitigate risks in key areas, particularly by
     aligning with the urban real estate financing coordination mechanism and the comprehensive debt resolution framework to
     enhance the management of real estate and local government-related businesses. We reinforced the foundation of our risk
     and compliance management by consolidating the “three lines of defence” in risk management, strengthening our risk and
     compliance teams, deepening sanctions compliance and anti-money laundering controls, and continuously enhancing digital
     and intelligent risk control capabilities. As a result, asset quality remained stable across the Bank, and the risk bottom line
     was firmly upheld.


     Only through polishing can jade be perfected. Over the past 38 years, with the strong support of governments at all
     levels, regulatory authorities, customers, investors, partners, and all sectors of society, as well as the heartfelt dedication,
     passionate commitment and hard work of management staff and employees, we navigated challenges with determination,
     made steady progress, and forged ahead with resilience. The foundation of our capabilities grew stronger, value creation
     became more robust, and our confidence in achieving sustainable, high-quality development across economic cycles were
     further reinforced. On this occasion, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude and highest respect to all those from
     various sectors who supported and cared for CMB’s development, as well as to the nearly 120,000 dedicated CMBers and
     their families.




     1
         Management staff can be promoted or demoted; qualified talents can be recruited and those unqualified can be dismissed; remuneration can be increased or
         decreased.
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                              11
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


The year 2025 marks the conclusion of the “14th Five-Year” Plan. Although the banking industry continues to face
challenges, including uncertainties in the external environment, the pressures of transitioning between old and new
economic drivers, and the test of a prolonged low-interest-rate cycle, new opportunities emerge. Chinese modernisation
advances steadily, with the long-term positive trajectory of the economy remaining unchanged. Economic globalisation
undergoes structural upgrades, fuelling a surge in global operation of Chinese enterprises and growing demand for
wealth management among residents. Meanwhile, artificial intelligence drives a new wave of technological revolution and
industrial transformation, propelling human society into the “AI era”. Amid these unprecedented shifts and transformations,
we remain committed to our value creation bank strategy, while grasping the “changing“ and “unchanging“ elements of
banking operations and management.


The Company upholds the “unchanging“ fundamental principles to improve both soft and hard power. The essence
of banking operations lay in simplicity – doing the right things and doing things right. We will lay a solid foundation based
on values, operation philosophy, and corporate culture refined through our 38-year history, honing our soft power. At the
same time, we will focus on enhancing our capabilities in strategic execution, customer service, management, innovation,
talent development, and technology, thereby building our hard power. We will address the uncertainty of the external
environment with the certainty of reinforcements of our strengths.


The Company acts in accordance with the “changing“ environment to promote transformation through the “Four
Initiatives“. In response to an evolving external landscape, the key lies in identifying trends, adapting accordingly, and
deepening transformation. We will accelerate “the Internationalisation Initiative” by leveraging our global institutional
presence and cross-border financial services network to enhance both our global service capabilities and the level of
internationalisation. We will deepen “the Comprehensive Operation Initiative”, strengthening the service capabilities
and competitive edge of the CMB Group, while fostering synergies and collaboration to deliver high-quality, efficient,
and comprehensive financial services to our clients. We will create competitive strengths through “the Differentiation
Initiative“, excelling and expanding through differentiated growth, driving broader progress from key areas, and
establishing unique strengths across more specialised sectors and regions. We will accelerate transformation through “the
Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative“, actively advancing the application of cutting-edge technologies such as AI,
expanding our service and management reach, improving operational efficiency, reducing transaction costs, and enhancing
our risk control capabilities.


Bank operation is a marathon with no finish line where success is not measured by short-term victories, but by long-term
prosperity. Transformation and reforms have no shortcuts where progress comes out of solid efforts as the journey of a
thousand miles begins with a small step. Over the past 38 years, CMB has strived to expand its reach while refining its
expertise, continuously advancing in its mission to serve the nation through finance and support the real economy. Looking
ahead, we will continue to reach for the stars in our pursuit of excellence, while keeping our feet on the ground and
diligently working towards our goals. We will maintain our proactive attitude manifested by the service culture of “We
are here just for you“ and make adaptation in accordance with circumstances. We will strengthen our sense of urgency,
embracing the mindset of “rowing against the current – if we don’t move forward, we fall behind”. With each step, we
will steadily climb higher, building a value creation bank, contributing to the construction of a financial powerhouse, and
advancing the path of China’s distinctive financial development, all while writing the next chapter of our legacy.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
President and Chief Executive Officer




25 March 2025
12   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     Company Information

     1.1 Company Profile
           1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
                  Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.


           1.1.2 Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
                 Authorised Representatives: Wang Liang, Peng Jiawen
                 Secretary of the Board of Directors: Peng Jiawen
                 Joint Company Secretaries: Peng Jiawen, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
                 Securities Representative: Xia Yangfang


           1.1.3 Registered and Office Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
                 China


           1.1.4 Contact Details:
                 Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
                 Postcode: 518040
                 Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
                 Fax: +86 755 8319 5555
                 E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
                 Website: www.cmbchina.com
                 Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
                 Credit card complaint hotline: +86 400 820 5555-7


           1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong: 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central,
                 Hong Kong, the PRC


           1.1.6 Share Listing:
                  A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                            Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                            Stock Code: 600036
                  H Shares: SEHK
                            Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                            Stock Code: 03968
                  Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                               Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)
                                               Stock Code: 360028
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                              13
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
                                Office Address: Room 01-12, 17/F, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza, No.1 East
                                Chang’an Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
                                Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Feng Suoteng、Fan Xun
             International Auditor: Ernst & Young
                                      Office Address: 27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong,
                                      the PRC


      1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: JunHe LLP
             Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills


      1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares:
             China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
             Address: 188 South-Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC
             Tel: +86 4008 058 058
             Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares:
             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
             Address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC
             Tel: +852 2862 8555
             Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd.,
             Shanghai Branch


      1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
             The Chinese mainland:     “China Securities Journal” (www.cs.com.cn), “Securities Times” (www.stcn.com),
                                       “Shanghai Securities News” (www.cnstock.com)

                                       website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                                       website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Hong Kong:                website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                       website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Place for maintenance of periodic reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company and principal
             place of business of the Company
14   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     1.2 Corporate Business Overview
           Founded in 1987, the Company is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. The branches of the Company are mainly
           located in major cities in the Chinese mainland, as well as international financial centres such as China’s Hong Kong,
           New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. The Company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
           in April 2002 and the SEHK in September 2006.
           The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
           financial markets businesses for proprietary purpose and client flow trading. Many innovative products and services
           of the Company have been well accepted by the market. Retail banking services include the account, payment
           and settlement services based on the “All-in-one” multifunction debit card and credit card, segmentation and
           classification-based wealth management services including the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and
           private banking services, retail credit services, CMB APP, CMB Life APP, “All-in-one Net” comprehensive online
           banking service platform, and other online services. Wholesale banking services include payment and settlement,
           wealth management, investment and financing and digital services, cash management, technology finance, green
           finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, digital finance, supply chain finance and cross-border finance services,
           asset management, asset custody and investment banking services etc. The Company continues to tap further into
           the living and business circles of customers to provide customers with customised, intelligent and comprehensive
           solutions for their supply chains and investment chains.
           The Company has come up with the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank that is
           innovation-driven, model-leading, and distinctive in features” based on the internal and external situation and
           its own development. The Company actively supports Chinese modernisation, consistently enhances its quality
           and efficiency in serving the real economy and social well-being, and strives to create more value for customers,
           employees, shareholders, partners and society, with the aim of making greater contributions to the modernisation
           process with Chinese characteristics.



     1.3 Development Strategies
           Strategic vision:         We are committed to building the best value creation bank that is innovation-driven,
                                     model-leading, and distinctive in features.
           Strategic objectives:     Building a value creation bank.
                                     The Company upholds the philosophy of win-win in business and business for common
                                     good to grow into a value creation bank in pursuit of maximising the comprehensive value
                                     of customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, aiming to become a
                                     world-class commercial bank.
           Core value:               Being customer-centric and creating value for customers.
           Strategic focus:          Adhering to the concept of dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability
                                     and Scale” and resolutely securing the strategic dominant position of retail finance, the
                                     Company focuses on the building of three core capacities of “wealth management, Fintech
                                     and risk management” to promote the evolution of organisational culture consistently.
                                     Based on the needs of the nation, the needs of customers, and the capabilities of China
                                     Merchants Bank, we strive to create a new high-quality development model driven by
                                     “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground
                                     (守正創新)”, practically implement the ESG concept, serve the real economy and meet the
                                     needs of people’s livelihood to create a new stage for high-quality growth.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                                     15
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Enlarging wealth management business and accelerating the transformation of the business model. By
      adopting a customer-centric approach to business operations and focusing on the value creation chain of “volume
      growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, the Company aims to push forward coordinated
      development of its four major business segments: retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and financial
      markets, wealth management and asset management, and strives to deliver sustained growth in both total assets
      under management (AUM) from retail customers and the financing products aggregate to corporate customers (FPA).
      Optimising Fintech and accelerating comprehensive digital and intelligent construction. Focusing on the
      goal of online, data-based, intelligent, platform-based and ecological operation, the Company comprehensively
      promotes the digital reshaping of financial infrastructure and capability system, customers and channels, businesses
      and products, management and decision-making. In particular, the Company actively explores the new mode of “AI
      + Finance” to develop it into a core competitiveness of China Merchants Bank, and builds a value creation bank
      through the “Digital & Intelligent CMB”.
      Strengthening risk management and building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management
      system. Adhering to the prudent risk management principle, using Fintech as the tool, and taking a prudent risk
      appetite as a safeguard measure, the Company creates a “Six All” risk management system covering all risks, all
      branches and subsidiaries, all customers, all assets, all processes, and all factors to support the operation of the
      value creation bank.
      Pursuing the core values and building the cultural and organisational foundation for a value creation bank.
      Firstly, the Company upholds and enhances China Merchants Bank’s corporate culture focusing on entrepreneurship,
      service quality, innovation, risk management, compliance, management excellence, people-orientation and honesty,
      with an aim to create a vibrant and evolving cultural system. Secondly, the Company establishes an organising
      team for supporting our service strategies and creating value together, providing organisational support and talent
      foundations for a value creation bank. Thirdly, the Company actively implements sustainable development principles
      in serving the real economy, actively fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities, and enhancing the standard
      of our corporate governance.



1.4 Honours and Awards
      In 2024, the Company received a number of honours and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
      including:
      •      The Company ranked 10th globally in “The Top 500 Banking Brands 2024” released by Brand Finance, a
             brand value evaluation and consulting organisation, in March 2024, with a brand value of USD26.644 billion.
      •      In May 2024, The Asian Banker magazine released the results of the business achievement awards. The
             Company was honoured as the “Best Wealth Management Bank in Asia Pacific”, “Best Joint Stock Retail
             Bank in China” and “Most Recommended Retail Bank in China (BQS Consumer Survey)”.
      •      In June 2024, the US magazine Institutional Investor released the results of the “2024 All-Asia Executive
             Team”. The Company won several awards, including “Asia’s Most Honoured Company”, “Best Board of
             Directors”, “Best ESG”, “Best IR Program” and “Best IR Team”, becoming a company with the highest
             overall ranking and the most awards in the financial industry in the Asian region.
      •      In July 2024, The Banker (UK) released the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks 2024”. The Company ranked 10th
             globally in terms of Tier 1 capital scale, moving up one place from the previous year and ranking among the
             top ten for the first time.
      •      In July 2024, the Company received the award of “Best Digital Bank in China” at the “2024 Awards for
             Excellence” ceremony staged by Euromoney (UK).
      •      The list of 2024 Fortune Global 500 was officially released in August 2024, on which the Company ranked
             179th and making the list for 13 consecutive years.
      •      In October 2024, China Banking Association announced the results of the “GYROSCOPE” evaluation on the
             stable development capability of commercial banks in 2024. The Company ranked second among nationwide
             commercial banks with a comprehensive score of 91.02.
      •      In December 2024, the Company won “Top 10 Best Employers of the Year”, “Most Socially Responsible
             Employer” and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony for the “Best Employer in
             China 2024” jointly organised by Zhaopin.com, Institute of Social Science Survey, Peking University and
             other organisations, has been shortlisted in the top 10 list of Best Employers in China of the Year for 14
             consecutive years and won the first place for the first time.
16   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     Summary of Accounting Data and
     Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Group
                                                                                                                                                       Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                           2024                    2023                       +/-%
            Operating Results
            Net operating income(1)                                                                337,121                339,078                           -0.58
            Profit before tax                                                                      178,652                176,618                            1.15
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                    148,391                146,602                            1.22
            Per Share (RMB yuan)
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of
              the Bank(2)                                                                               5.66                   5.63                          0.53
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
              of the Bank                                                                               5.66                   5.63                          0.53

                                                                                           31 December              31 December                        Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                      2024                     2023                           +/-%
            Volume Indicators
            Total assets                                                                      12,152,036              11,028,483                           10.19
              of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                               6,888,315               6,508,865                            5.83
            Total liabilities                                                                 10,918,561               9,942,754                            9.81
              of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                       9,096,587               8,155,438                           11.54
            Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                              1,226,014               1,076,370                           13.90
            Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank (RMB yuan)(2)                                                  41.46                   36.71                        12.94

            Notes:

            (1)   Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of joint
                  ventures and associates.

            (2)   When calculating the indicators such as basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, return on average equity and net assets per
                  share, dividends on the preference shares and interests on perpetual bonds shall be deducted from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the
                  Bank”, while the preference shares and perpetual bonds shall be deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net assets”.

            (3)   Unless otherwise stated, the balance of the relevant financial instrument items herein and set out below exclude accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                           17
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



2.2 Financial Ratios of the Group
       (%)                                                                                              2024                     2023                     Changes
       Profitability indicators
       Return on average assets attributable to shareholders of                                                                                Decreased by 0.11
         the Bank                                                                                       1.28                      1.39          percentage point
       Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                                                                       Decreased by 1.73
         shareholders of the Bank                                                                      14.49                    16.22          percentage points
                                                                                                                                               Decreased by 0.17
       Net interest spread(1)                                                                           1.86                      2.03          percentage point
                                                                                                                                               Decreased by 0.17
       Net interest margin(2)                                                                           1.98                      2.15          percentage point
       As percentage of net operating income
                                                                                                                                               Decreased by 0.64
             – Net interest income                                                                     62.67                    63.31            percentage point
                                                                                                                                                Increased by 0.64
             – Net non-interest income                                                                 37.33                    36.69            percentage point
                                                                                                                                               Decreased by 1.05
       Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                         31.92                    32.97          percentage points

                                                                                           31 December                31 December                     Changes over
       (%)                                                                                        2024                       2023                    2023 year-end
       Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
         Measurement Approach(4)
                                                                                                                                               Increased by 1.13
       Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                              14.86                    13.73          percentage points
                                                                                                                                               Increased by 1.47
       Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                   17.48                    16.01          percentage points
                                                                                                                                               Increased by 1.17
       Capital adequacy ratio                                                                          19.05                    17.88          percentage points
                                                                                                                                               Increased by 0.31
       Equity to total assets                                                                          10.15                      9.84          percentage point
       Asset quality indicators
       Non-performing loan ratio                                                                        0.95                      0.95                        –
                                                                                                                                             Decreased by 25.72
       Allowance coverage ratio(5)                                                                   411.98                   437.70          percentage points
                                                                                                                                              Decreased by 0.22
       Allowance-to-loan ratio(6)                                                                       3.92                      4.14         percentage point

                                                                                                        2024                     2023                     Changes
                                                                                                                                               Decreased by 0.09
       Credit cost ratio(7)                                                                             0.65                      0.74          percentage point

       Notes:

       (1)    Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

       (2)    Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

       (3)    Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges and the depreciation
              charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties and others.

       (4)    As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio under
              the Weighted Approach were 12.43%, 14.63% and 15.73% respectively.

       (5)    Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

       (6)    Allowance-to-loan ratio = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.

       (7)    Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers, the average
              of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans and advances to
              customers at the end of the period)/2.
18   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     2.3 Five-year Financial Summary of the Group
            (in millions of RMB)                              2024         2023          2022          2021        2020
            Results for the year
            Net operating income                           337,121      339,078       344,740       331,407     290,279
            Operating expenses                             117,650      120,991       122,061       116,879     102,814
            Impairment losses                               40,819       41,469        57,566        66,355      65,025
            Profit before tax                              178,652      176,618       165,113       148,173     122,440
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of
              the Bank                                     148,391      146,602       138,012       119,922      97,342
            (RMB yuan)
            Per Share
            Dividend (tax inclusive)                          2.000        1.972         1.738        1.522       1.253
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.66         5.63          5.26          4.61        3.79
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.66         5.63          5.26          4.61        3.79
            Year-end net assets attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               41.46        36.71         32.71        29.01       25.36
            (in millions of RMB)
            Year end
            Share capital                                    25,220       25,220       25,220         25,220      25,220
            Total shareholders’ equity                    1,233,475    1,085,729      954,238        865,681     730,354
            Total liabilities                            10,918,561    9,942,754    9,184,674      8,383,340   7,631,094
            Deposits from customers                       9,096,587    8,155,438    7,535,742      6,347,078   5,628,336
            Total assets                                 12,152,036   11,028,483   10,138,912      9,249,021   8,361,448
            Total loans and advances to customers         6,888,315    6,508,865    6,051,459      5,570,034   5,029,128
            (%)
            Key Financial Ratios
            Return on average assets attributable to
              shareholders of the Bank                         1.28         1.39          1.42          1.36        1.23
            Return on average equity attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               14.49        16.22         17.06        16.96       15.73
            Cost-to-income ratio                              31.92        32.97         32.89        33.11       33.33
            Non-performing loan ratio                          0.95         0.95          0.96         0.91        1.07
            Credit cost ratio                                  0.65         0.74          0.78         0.70        0.98
            Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
              the Advanced Measurement Approach               14.86        13.73         13.68        12.66       12.29
            Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   17.48        16.01         15.75        14.94       13.98
            Capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   19.05        17.88         17.77        17.48       16.54
Customer value is the
source of all value.
Adhering to the core value of “being
customer-centric and creating value for
customers” to build the “best bank in
customer service”.
20   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     Management Discussion and Analysis

     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
           In 2024, the Group adhered to the concept of dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and
           Scale”, took the strategic target of building a value creation bank and carried out various businesses in a sound
           manner. Both the scale of assets and liabilities grew steadily. The operating profitability remained stable and
           positive, and the asset quality was stable.
           During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB337.121 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 0.58%; realised the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB148.391
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.22%; realised the net interest income of RMB211.277 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.58%; and realised the net non-interest income of RMB125.844 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 1.15%. The return on average assets (ROAA) attributable to shareholders
           of the Bank and the return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.28%
           and 14.49%, down by 0.11 percentage point and 1.73 percentage points year-on-year, respectively.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB12,152.036 billion, representing
           an increase of 10.19% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
           amounted to RMB6,888.315 billion, representing an increase of 5.83% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB10,918.561 billion, representing an increase of 9.81% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB9,096.587 billion, representing an
           increase of 11.54% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of non-performing loans of RMB65.610 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB4.031 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
           loan ratio was 0.95%, which remained the same level with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage
           ratio was 411.98%, representing a decrease of 25.72 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.92%, representing a decrease of 0.22 percentage point as compared with
           the end of the previous year.



     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
     3.2.1 Financial highlights
           During the reporting period, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB178.652 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 1.15%. The effective income tax rate was 16.28%, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 0.08 percentage point. The following table sets out the major income/loss items of the Group for the periods
           indicated.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                     2024             2023
           Net interest income                                                                   211,277          214,669
           Net fee and commission income                                                          72,094           84,108
           Other net income                                                                       51,118           37,825
           Operating expenses                                                                   (117,650)        (120,991)
           Expected credit losses                                                                (39,976)         (41,278)
           Impairment losses on other assets                                                        (843)            (191)
           Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                       2,632            2,476
           Profit before tax                                                                     178,652          176,618
           Income tax                                                                            (29,093)         (28,612)
           Net profit                                                                            149,559          148,006
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                   148,391          146,602
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     21
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.2.2 Net operating income
      During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB337.121 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 0.58%, of which net interest income accounted for 62.67% and net non-interest income
      accounted for 37.33% with a year-on-year increase of 0.64 percentage point.



3.2.3 Interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB374.271 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 0.36%, mainly due to the declined yields on interest-earning assets. Interest income from
      loans and advances to customers continued to be the largest component of the interest income of the Group.
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      During the reporting period, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was
      RMB260.573 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.86%.
      The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
      average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                           2024                                      2023
      (in millions of RMB,                  Average        Interest      Average       Average        Interest      Average
      except for percentages)               balance         income      yield (%)      balance        income       yield (%)
      Corporate loans                      2,746,039        93,282           3.40    2,523,210        94,526           3.75
      Retail loans                         3,533,131       161,740           4.58    3,308,043       166,104           5.02
      Discounted bills                       387,017         5,551           1.43      468,652         7,610           1.62
      Loans and advances to
        customers                          6,666,187       260,573           3.91    6,299,905       268,240           4.26

      During the reporting period, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of
      the Group, the average balance of short-term loans was RMB2,571.217 billion with the interest income amounting
      to RMB111.276 billion, and the average yield reached 4.33%; the average balance of medium- and long-term
      loans was RMB4,094.970 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB149.297 billion, and the average yield
      reached 3.65%. The average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium- and long-term loans, which
      was mainly attributable to the relatively higher yield of credit card loans and consumer loans (as short-term loans)
      and the higher proportion thereof.
      Interest income from investments
      During the reporting period, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB84.924 billion, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 5.06%, which was mainly influenced by the investment volume. The average yield of
      investments was 3.08%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14 basis points, which was mainly attributable to
      the impact of the falling market interest rates.
      Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      During the reporting period, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other
      financial institutions was RMB19.076 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.21%, which was mainly
      due to the fact that the Group increased its efforts in developing quality interbank assets, resulting in the increased
      daily average scale of balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, which drove the increase
      in interest income. The average yield of balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions was
      2.80%, being flat year-on-year.
22   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.2.4 Interest expense
           During the reporting period, the interest expense of the Group was RMB162.994 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 1.28%, mainly due to the increase in the scale of the interest-bearing liabilities.
           Interest expense on deposits from customers
           During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB130.824 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 1.56%, mainly due to the sustained rapid growth of deposits from
           customers.
           The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expense and average cost ratios of the deposits from
           corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                               2024                                     2023
                                                                            Average                                    Average
           (in millions of RMB,                  Average       Interest    cost ratio      Average       Interest     cost ratio
           except for percentages)               balance       expense           (%)       balance       expense            (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
             Demand                            2,488,102        20,762          0.83     2,670,778        29,002           1.09
             Time                              2,305,745        56,547          2.45     1,989,200        53,186           2.67
              Subtotal                         4,793,847        77,309          1.61     4,659,978        82,188           1.76
           Deposits from retail customers
             Demand                            1,798,328         3,903          0.22     1,857,291         7,337           0.40
             Time                              1,923,491        49,612          2.58     1,415,757        39,284           2.77
              Subtotal                         3,721,819        53,515          1.44     3,273,048        46,621           1.42
           Total                               8,515,666       130,824          1.54     7,933,026       128,809           1.62



           Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial
           institutions of the Group amounted to RMB19.629 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.19%, which
           was primarily attributable to the year-on-year decrease of cost ratio of deposits and placements from banks and
           other financial institutions.
           Interest expense on debt securities issued
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB7.656
           billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.61%, mainly due to the year-on-year decrease of cost ratio of debt
           securities issued.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                 23
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.2.5 Net interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB211.277 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 1.58%.
      The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
      assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                            2024                                   2023
      (in millions of RMB,                    Average       Interest     Average      Average       Interest    Average
      except for percentages)                 balance        income     yield (%)     balance       income     yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers        6,666,187      260,573           3.91   6,299,905     268,240          4.26
      Investments                            2,757,151       84,924           3.08   2,509,774      80,836          3.22
      Balances with the central bank           580,940        9,698           1.67     586,797       9,977          1.70
      Balances and placements with banks
        and other financial institutions       681,863       19,076           2.80    591,320       16,557          2.80
      Total                                 10,686,141      374,271           3.50   9,987,796     375,610          3.76

                                                                        Average                                 Average
      (in millions of RMB,                    Average       Interest   cost ratio     Average      Interest    cost ratio
      except for percentages)                 balance       expense          (%)      balance      expense           (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                8,515,666      130,824           1.54   7,933,026     128,809          1.62
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions       946,264       19,629           2.07    950,595       19,866          2.09
      Debt securities issued                   252,448        7,656           3.03    240,163        7,781          3.24
      Borrowings from the central bank         207,453        4,428           2.13    186,340        4,005          2.15
      Lease liabilities                         12,847          457           3.56     12,718          480          3.77
      Total                                  9,934,678      162,994           1.64   9,322,842     160,941          1.73
      Net interest income                           ╱       211,277             ╱           ╱      214,669            ╱
      Net interest spread                           ╱            ╱            1.86          ╱           ╱           2.03
      Net interest margin                           ╱            ╱            1.98          ╱           ╱           2.15

      During the reporting period, the average yield of the interest-earning assets of the Group was 3.50%, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 26 basis points; the average cost ratio of the interest-bearing liabilities was 1.64%,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 9 basis points; the net interest spread was 1.86%, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 17 basis points and the net interest margin was 1.98%, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of 17 basis points. For the analysis of the reasons behind the decrease in the net interest margin, please
      refer to 3.9.1 “Net interest margin” in this Chapter.
24   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in
           volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volumes were measured by changes
           in average balances, while changes in interest rates were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
           changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volumes and interest rates have been
           included in the amounts of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in volumes.
                                                                                        2024 compared to 2023
                                                                            Increase (decrease) due to                 Net increase
           (in millions of RMB)                                                 Volume      Interest rate                (decrease)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                                         14,383               (22,050)             (7,667)
           Investments                                                              7,602                (3,514)              4,088
           Balances with the central bank                                            (103)                 (176)               (279)
           Balances and placements with banks and other financial
             institutions                                                           2,519                     –               2,519
           Changes in interest income                                              24,401               (25,740)             (1,339)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                                  8,361                (6,346)              2,015
           Deposits and placements from banks and other financial
             institutions                                                              (47)                (190)               (237)
           Debt securities issued                                                      379                 (504)               (125)
           Borrowings from the central bank                                            460                  (37)                423
           Lease liabilities                                                             4                  (27)                (23)
           Changes in interest expense                                              9,157                (7,104)              2,053
           Changes in net interest income                                          15,244               (18,636)             (3,392)



           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and annualised average yield/
           cost ratio of assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                   October to December 2024                       July to September 2024
                                                                         Annualised                                      Annualised
           (in millions of RMB,                 Average       Interest     average            Average       Interest       average
           except for percentages)              balance        income     yield (%)           balance        income       yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers     6,769,583       63,027          3.70      6,654,963           65,332            3.91
           Investments                         2,941,784       22,096          2.99      2,766,074           21,243            3.06
           Balances with the central bank        576,947        2,339          1.61        569,094            2,426            1.70
           Balances and placements with
             banks and other financial
             institutions                       799,274         5,255          2.62           682,531         4,556            2.66
           Total                              11,087,588       92,717          3.33     10,672,662           93,557            3.49

                                                                         Annualised                                      Annualised
                                                                           average                                         average
           (in millions of RMB,                 Average      Interest     cost ratio          Average       Interest      cost ratio
           except for percentages)              balance      expense            (%)           balance       expense             (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers             8,814,320       31,034          1.40      8,568,863           33,262            1.54
           Deposits and placements from
             banks and other financial
             institutions                      1,040,513        4,888          1.87           847,238         4,337            2.04
           Debt securities issued                234,695        1,801          3.05           259,133         1,975            3.03
           Borrowings from the central bank      182,170          913          1.99           187,046         1,020            2.17
           Lease liabilities                      12,688          102          3.20            12,947           114            3.50
           Total                              10,284,386       38,738          1.50      9,875,227           40,708            1.64
           Net interest income                        ╱        53,979            ╱                 ╱         52,849              ╱
           Net interest spread                        ╱            ╱           1.83                ╱             ╱             1.85
           Net interest margin                        ╱            ╱           1.94                ╱             ╱             1.97

           In the fourth quarter of 2024, the net interest margin of the Group was 1.94%, representing a quarter-to-quarter
           decrease of 3 basis points, and its net interest spread was 1.83%, representing a quarter-to-quarter decrease of 2
           basis points.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                      25
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.2.6 Net non-interest income
        During the reporting period, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB125.844 billion, representing a
        year-on-year increase of 1.15%. The components are as follows.
        Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB72.094 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.28%.
        Among the fee and commission income, fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to
        RMB22.005 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.70%; fee and commission income from asset
        management amounted to RMB10.751 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.30%; income from bank
        card fees amounted to RMB16.761 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.16%; income from settlement
        and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.505 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.08%; commission
        income from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB4.219 billion, representing a year-on-year
        decrease of 15.57%; commission income from custody businesses amounted to RMB4.891 billion, representing
        a year-on-year decrease of 8.20%; and income from others amounted to RMB6.908 billion, representing a
        year-on-year decrease of 8.53%. For analysis of the main reasons for changes in fee and commission income, please
        refer to 3.9.2 “Net non-interest income” in this chapter.
        Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB53.750 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.37%,
        of which net investment income amounted to RMB27.248 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.31%,
        which was mainly due to the increase of bond investment income; net profit from changes in fair value amounted
        to RMB6.085 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 229.63%, mainly due to the increase in fair value of
        bond investment and non-money-market fund investment; the net exchange gain amounted to RMB4.026 billion,
        representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.57%, mainly due to the decrease in gains arising from the foreign
        currencies transactions; and other net income amounted to RMB13.759 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
        of 13.27%, mainly due to a year-on-year increase of 12.56% in income generated from operating leasing business
        of CMB Financial Leasing, which amounted to RMB12.246 billion.
        In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance business amounted to RMB48.526
        billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 15.70% and accounting for 38.56% of the Group’s net non-interest
        income; the net non-interest income from wholesale finance business amounted to RMB63.368 billion, representing
        a year-on-year increase of 25.24% and accounting for 50.35% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net
        non-interest income from other businesses 2 amounted to RMB13.950 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
        14.15% and accounting for 11.09% of the Group’s net non-interest income.
                                                                                                                                                 Changes
        (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                   2024                   2023                  +/-%
        Fee and commission income(note)                                                             81,040                  92,834                 -12.70
          Fees and commissions from wealth management                                               22,005                  28,466                 -22.70
          Fees and commissions from asset management                                                10,751                  11,474                  -6.30
          Bank card fees                                                                            16,761                  19,525                 -14.16
          Settlement and clearing fees                                                              15,505                  15,492                   0.08
          Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                       4,219                   4,997                 -15.57
          Commissions from custody businesses                                                        4,891                   5,328                  -8.20
          Others                                                                                     6,908                   7,552                  -8.53
        Fee and commission expense                                                                  (8,946)                 (8,726)                  2.52
        Net fee and commission income                                                               72,094                  84,108                 -14.28
        Other net non-interest income                                                               53,750                  40,301                  33.37
          Other net income                                                                          51,118                  37,825                  35.14
            Net investment income                                                                   27,248                  19,700                  38.31
            Net profit from fair value change                                                        6,085                   1,846                 229.63
            Net exchange gain                                                                        4,026                   4,132                  -2.57
            Other net income                                                                        13,759                  12,147                  13.27
          Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                          2,632                   2,476                   6.30
        Total net non-interest income                                                              125,844                124,409                     1.15

        Note:     Fees and commissions from wealth management include income from agency distribution of funds, income from agency distribution of
                  insurance policies, income from agency distribution of trust schemes, income from agency distribution of wealth management products,
                  income from securities brokerage and income from agency distribution of precious metals. Fees and commissions from asset management
                  mainly include the income from the issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds, wealth management and
                  asset management plans of our subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management and CIGNA
                  & CMAM. Commissions from custody businesses include income from basic asset custody services and value-added services. Others mainly
                  include income from underwriting of bonds and equity, income from service fees from securitisation of credit assets, income from consultancy
                  and advisory services and income from other intermediary businesses.



2
    Including investment properties and related businesses of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures except for CMB WLB and CMBFL.
26   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.2.7 Operating expenses
           During the reporting period, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB117.650 billion, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 2.76%, among which staff costs amounted to RMB68.088 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 3.21%. Other operating expenses amounted to RMB49.562 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 2.13%. The cost-to-income ratio of the Group was 31.92%, representing a decrease of
           1.05 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Group adhered to
           lean management, continued to reduce costs and increase efficiency, and streamlined the operation process so
           as to improve operating efficiency. It also strengthened the input-output monitoring, improved the efficiency of
           resource allocation, optimised the cost structure and increased cost efficiency. Furthermore, the Group maintained
           its information technology input to promote the transformation of technological innovation into productive forces
           and advance the digital and intelligent transformation.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                      2024                   2023
           Staff costs                                                                             68,088                 70,348
           Other operating expenses                                                                49,562                 50,643
             Of which: depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                              16,424                 16,359
                       Other general and administrative expenses                                   30,188                 31,321
                       Taxes and surcharges                                                         2,950                  2,963
           Total operating expenses                                                               117,650               120,991



     3.2.8 Expected credit losses
           During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB39.976 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 3.15%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                      2024                   2023
           Loans and advances to customers                                                         43,608                 46,635
           Financial investments                                                                   (2,400)                  (218)
           Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                  1,371                 (2,935)
           Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan
              commitments                                                                           (2,703)               (2,761)
           Others                                                                                      100                   557
           Total expected credit losses                                                            39,976                 41,278

           According to the standards for financial instruments, the Group prudently made allowances for credit risk losses by
           taking the expected credit loss model as the foundation and using the risk quantification parameters such as the
           probability of customer defaults and the loss given defaults, after taking into consideration the forward-looking
           adjustments in macro perceptiveness. During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of loans and advances
           to customers of the Group were RMB43.608 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB3.027 billion; the
           expected credit losses relating to financial investment amounted to RMB-2.400 billion, representing a year-on-year
           decrease of RMB2.182 billion, mainly because the Group continued to optimise its asset structure and customer
           structure, and the quality of its loans and investment assets remained relatively stable. The expected credit losses
           relating to amounts due from banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB1.371 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of RMB4.306 billion, which was due to, on the one hand, the change in the scale of assets, on
           the other hand, a higher reversal of expected credit losses in the previous year as a result of the decrease in the risk
           of specific customers in the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                           27
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
3.3.1 Assets
          As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB12,152.036 billion,
          representing an increase of 10.19% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable
          to the increase in loans and advances to customers and bond investments of the Group.
          The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                                        31 December 2024                          31 December 2023
                                                                                                     Percentage of                               Percentage of
                                                                                                          the total                                   the total
          (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                  Amount         amount (%)                 Amount           amount (%)
          Total loans and advances to customers                                       6,888,315                 56.68           6,508,865                 59.02
          Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)                                 (265,365)                (2.18)           (266,805)                (2.42)
          Net loans and advances to customers                                         6,622,950                 54.50           6,242,060                 56.60
          Investment securities and other financial assets                            3,705,919                 30.50           3,209,473                 29.10
          Cash, precious metals and balances with
             the central bank                                                           583,202                   4.80            684,821                  6.21
          Inter-bank transactions                                                       896,707                   7.38            558,381                  5.06
          Goodwill                                                                        9,954                   0.08              9,954                  0.09
          Other assets(2)                                                               333,304                   2.74            323,794                  2.94
          Total assets                                                               12,152,036                100.00         11,028,483                100.00

          Notes:

          (1)   The allowances for impairment losses on loans represent the allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at
                amortised cost.

          (2)   “Other assets” include fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets, accrued interest and other
                assets.


3.3.1.1   Loans and advances to customers
          As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
          RMB6,888.315 billion, representing an increase of 5.83% as compared with the end of the previous year; total loans
          and advances to customers accounted for 56.68% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 2.34 percentage
          points as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers of the
          Group, please refer to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
28   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.3.1.2   Investment securities and other financial assets
               The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
               denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
               The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of investment securities and other financial
               assets of the Group by line items.
                                                                                            31 December 2024                         31 December 2023
                                                                                                            Percentage                                Percentage
                                                                                                           of the total                               of the total
               (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                Amount          amount (%)                Amount          amount (%)
               Derivative financial assets                                                   32,533                  0.88             18,733                     0.58
               Financial investments at fair value through profit
                  or loss                                                                  617,018                 16.65             526,145                 16.40
                  – Bond investments                                                       265,717                  7.17             274,687                  8.57
                  – Non-standardised asset investments                                         596                  0.02                   –                     –
                  – Others(note)                                                           350,705                  9.46             251,458                  7.83
               Debt investments at amortised cost                                        1,920,461                 51.82           1,728,620                 53.86
                  – Bond investments                                                     1,848,162                 49.87           1,680,262                 52.36
                  – Non-standardised asset investments                                     107,105                  2.89              87,069                  2.71
                  – Others                                                                     653                  0.02                 679                  0.02
                  – Less: allowances for impairment losses                                 (35,459)                (0.96)            (39,390)                (1.23)
               Debt investments at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income                                                   1,082,577                 29.21             889,736                 27.72
               Equity investments designated at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income                                         22,315                  0.60             19,649                     0.61
               Investments in joint ventures and associates                                  31,015                  0.84             26,590                     0.83
               Total investment securities and
                 other financial assets                                                  3,705,919                100.00           3,209,473               100.00

               Note:     Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                           29
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Derivative financial instruments
      As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
      the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                31 December 2024                                31 December 2023
                                                            Fair value                                     Fair value
                                        Notional                                     Notional
      (in millions of RMB)               amount          Assets      Liabilities     amount             Assets          Liabilities
      Interest rate derivatives        2,099,152         11,269          (11,526)   1,819,231           5,433             (5,476)
      Currency derivatives             1,987,795         21,002          (19,934)   1,431,262          11,815            (10,667)
      Other derivatives                   11,124            262             (123)     136,759           1,485             (1,300)
      Total                            4,098,071         32,533          (31,583)   3,387,252          18,733            (17,443)

      The above table shows the notional amount and fair value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments by their
      remaining maturity on each balance sheet date. The notional amount refers only to the transaction volumes that
      have not yet been due or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the amount at risk.
      During the reporting period, based on the RMB exchange rate and interest rate market conditions, as an integrated
      market maker in the interbank RMB foreign exchange market and a quote provider for derivatives in the local
      currency market, the Group was committed to providing liquidity to the market and maintaining the stability of the
      market. Meanwhile, by continuously leveraging its professional strengths in financial market derivative transactions,
      the Group kept up its effort in publicising the “exchange rate risk-neutral” concept, helping customers carry out
      hedging transactions to improve their risk resistance capabilities and reduce financial costs, and facilitating the
      high-quality development of the real economy.
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      of the Group amounted to RMB617.018 billion, with bond and fund investments etc. being the major categories.
      The investments were primarily made by the Group based on assessments of, among other factors, macro economy,
      monetary and fiscal policies, industrial policies and market supply and demand, so as to obtain investment income
      by capturing trading opportunities in the market. During the reporting period, funding was stable in general and
      bond yields trended downward amid fluctuations. The Group strengthened market timing and achieved favourable
      returns. For details, please refer to Note 23(a) to the financial statements.
      Debt investments at amortised cost
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost amounted to
      RMB1,920.461 billion. Among them, the bond investments mainly involved bonds issued by government and policy
      banks. This type of investment was held on a long-term basis for the strategic allocation of assets and liabilities of
      the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of banking book and liquidity management,
      while taking into account returns and risks. For details, please refer to Note 23(b) to the financial statements.
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
      income of the Group amounted to RMB1,082.577 billion, with interest rate bonds such as government bonds
      and policy bank bonds and medium-to-high rating quality credit bonds being the major categories. This type of
      investment was primarily based on the Group’s research and analysis on the bond market, with the purpose of
      obtaining investment return by capturing investment and allocation opportunities in the market and constantly
      optimising asset allocation structure. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB22.315 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
      equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
      significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
30   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


               The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
               (in millions of RMB)                                                                           31 December 2024             31 December 2023
               Official authorities                                                                                       2,026,230                  1,944,820
               Policy banks                                                                                                 572,863                    503,459
               Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                            394,704                    252,828
               Others                                                                                                       202,659                    143,578
               Total bond investments                                                                                     3,196,456                  2,844,685

               Note:    “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the central bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                        enterprises.


               Top ten financial bonds in terms of nominal value held by the Company as at the end of the reporting
               period
                                                                                                                                               Allowances for
                                                                                                                                                    impairment
                                                                            Nominal value             Coupon rate                 Due date            losses(note)
               Name of bonds                                           (in millions of RMB)                  (%)                           (in millions of RMB)
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                                  20,150                    2.50             2027/8/24                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                                  15,721                    3.65             2029/5/21                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                                  14,720                    3.74             2029/7/12                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                                  14,170                    3.45             2029/9/20                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                                  12,690                    2.90             2032/8/19                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2024                                  11,980                    2.00             2027/4/12                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                                  10,730                    2.82             2027/6/17                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2016                                  10,655                    3.05             2026/8/25                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2023                                   9,910                    2.87              2028/2/6                      –
               Bonds issued by policy banks in 2021                                   8,430                    2.99             2026/8/11                      –

               Note:    The first phase allowances for impairment losses accrued according to the expected credit loss model are not included.


               Investments in joint ventures and associates
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates amounted to
               RMB31.015 billion, up by 16.64% as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting
               period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group
               was zero. For details, please refer to Note 25 and Note 26 to the financial statements.


     3.3.1.3   Goodwill
               In compliance with the IFRS Accounting Standards, at the end of the reporting period, the Group conducted an
               impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China Merchants Fund and
               other companies and determined that allowances for impairment losses were not necessary for the reporting period.
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment losses on goodwill of
               RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          31
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.3.2 Liabilities
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB10,918.561 billion,
      representing an increase of 9.81% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
      to the steady growth of customer deposits.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.
                                                                                     31 December 2024                            31 December 2023
                                                                                                      Percentage                                  Percentage
                                                                                                     of the total                                 of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   Amount          amount (%)                  Amount          amount (%)
      Deposits from customers                                                      9,096,587                  83.31           8,155,438                  82.02
      Inter-bank transactions                                                      1,017,506                   9.32             888,408                   8.94
      Borrowings from the central bank                                               189,511                   1.74             377,189                   3.79
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
         loss and derivative financial liabilities                                    99,044                   0.91              61,401                   0.62
      Debt securities issued                                                         221,583                   2.03             174,764                   1.76
      Others(note)                                                                   294,330                   2.69             285,554                   2.87
      Total liabilities                                                          10,918,561                 100.00            9,942,754                100.00

      Note:     “Others” including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax
                liabilities, accrued interest and other liabilities.


      Deposits from customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB9,096.587
      billion, representing an increase of 11.54% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 83.31%
      of the total liabilities of the Group, which was the major funding source of the Group.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
      and customer type.
                                                                                     31 December 2024                            31 December 2023
                                                                                                      Percentage                                  Percentage
                                                                                                     of the total                                 of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   Amount          amount (%)                  Amount          amount (%)
      Deposits from corporate customers
       Demand                                                                      2,772,365                  30.47           2,644,685                  32.43
       Time                                                                        2,291,188                  25.19           2,015,837                  24.72
        Subtotal                                                                   5,063,553                  55.66           4,660,522                  57.15
      Deposits from retail customers
       Demand                                                                      1,980,251                  21.77           1,829,612                  22.43
       Time                                                                        2,052,783                  22.57           1,665,304                  20.42
        Subtotal                                                                   4,033,034                  44.34           3,494,916                  42.85
      Total deposits from customers                                                9,096,587                100.00            8,155,438                100.00

      During the reporting period, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to that of the total
      deposits from customers of the Group was 50.34%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.74 percentage points.
      Among these, the daily average balance of demand deposits from corporate customers accounted for 51.90%
      of that of the total deposits from corporate customers, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.41 percentage
      points; the daily average balance of demand deposits from retail customers accounted for 48.32% of that of the
      total deposits from retail customers, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.42 percentage points. Affected by
      the decline in the risk appetite of customers and insufficient liquidity activities of enterprises, customers’ demand for
      investment in time deposit products increased, leading to a decrease in the proportion of demand deposits.
32   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was
           RMB1,226.014 billion, representing an increase of 13.90% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
           which retained profits amounted to RMB634.078 billion, representing an increase of 11.56% as compared with the
           end of the previous year; investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB38.385 billion, representing an increase
           of 181.09% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to an increase in the valuation of financial
           assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as compared with the end of the previous year; exchange
           difference on translation of financial statements of foreign operations amounted to RMB4.816 billion, representing
           an increase of RMB1.882 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in
           RMB exchange rate.



     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
     3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
           The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                      31 December 2024                         31 December 2023
                                                                                                       Percentage                               Percentage
                                                                                                      of the total                              of the total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               Amount          amount (%)               Amount          amount (%)
           Normal                                                                   6,733,625                97.76           6,375,958                97.95
           Special mention                                                             89,080                 1.29              71,328                 1.10
           Substandard                                                                 16,872                 0.25              16,576                 0.26
           Doubtful                                                                    23,054                 0.33              21,554                 0.33
           Loss                                                                        25,684                 0.37              23,449                 0.36
           Total loans and advances to customers                                    6,888,315               100.00           6,508,865               100.00
           Non-performing loans                                                        65,610                 0.95              61,579                 0.95

           Note:     Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss
                     loans.


           During the reporting period, the Group insisted on strict classification of asset risks to truely reflect the asset quality.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s non-performing loans amounted to RMB65.610
           billion, representing an increase of RMB4.031 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a
           non-performing loan ratio of 0.95%, which remained at the same level as compared with the end of the previous
           year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                      33
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
      The Group
                                                             31 December 2024                                             31 December 2023
                                                         Percentage                          Non-                     Percentage                        Non-
                                          Loans and           of the           Non-    Performing      Loans and           of the          Non-   Performing
      (in millions of RMB,               advances to     total loans    performing      loan ratio    advances to     total loans   performing     loan ratio
      except for percentages)              customers             (%)          loans          (%)(1)    customers              (%)         loans         (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                      2,863,740           41.57         30,475           1.06     2,599,855           39.94        30,992           1.19
        Working capital loans              1,178,412           17.11          9,900           0.84     1,021,305           15.69         8,068           0.79
        Fixed asset loans                    852,115           12.37         13,820           1.62       838,449           12.88        14,915           1.78
        Trade finance                        430,268            6.25            167           0.04       334,150            5.13           119           0.04
        Others(2)                            402,945            5.84          6,588           1.63       405,951            6.24         7,890           1.94
      Discounted bills(3)                    379,950            5.52              –              –       471,127            7.24             –              –
      Retail loans                         3,644,625           52.91         35,135           0.96     3,437,883           52.82        30,587           0.89
        Micro-finance loans                  825,443           11.98          6,538           0.79       751,297           11.54         4,592           0.61
        Residential mortgage loans         1,417,450           20.58          6,840           0.48     1,385,486           21.29         5,122           0.37
        Credit card loans                    947,843           13.76         16,560           1.75       935,910           14.38        16,383           1.75
        Consumer loans                       396,161            5.75          4,116           1.04       301,538            4.63         3,285           1.09
        Others(4)                             57,728            0.84          1,081           1.87        63,652            0.98         1,205           1.89
      Total loans and advances
        to customers                       6,888,315         100.00          65,610           0.95     6,508,865          100.00        61,579           0.95

      Notes:

      (1)    Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)    Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

      (3)    The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

      (4)    Consists primarily of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other personal loans secured by
             monetary assets.


      With regard to corporate loans, the Group focused on the national macroeconomic policies, implemented the value
      creation bank strategy on a comprehensive scale, and proactively optimised the asset structure by continuously
      strengthening the origination and investment of high-quality assets, thereby maintaining stable asset quality. As at
      the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s corporate loans amounted to RMB2,863.740 billion,
      representing an increase of 10.15% as compared to the end of the previous year, with corporate loans accounting
      for 41.57% of the total. As at the end of the reporting period, the amount of non-performing corporate loans of
      the Group reached RMB30.475 billion, representing a decrease of RMB517 million as compared with the end of the
      previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio of corporate loans was 1.06%, down by 0.13 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
      With regard to retail loans, the Group kept on optimising its business structure, proactively adapted to the
      changes in the supply and demand relationship in the real estate market, supported the demands of first-time
      home buyers and home upgraders, and increased its efforts in the granting of micro-finance loans and consumer
      loans. Furthermore, the Group adhered to its “stability and low volatility” operational strategy by focusing on
      the acquisition of value customer groups, optimising its regional operation strategy, and steadily developing its
      credit card business. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s retail loans amounted to
      RMB3,644.625 billion, representing an increase of 6.01% as compared to the end of the previous year, with retail
      loans accounting for 52.91% of the total. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of non-performing
      retail loans of the Group amounted to RMB35.135 billion, representing an increase of RMB4.548 billion as compared
      with the end of the previous year. The non-performing ratio of retail loans was 0.96%, representing an increase of
      0.07 percentage point as compared to the end of the previous year.
34   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
           The Group
                                                                 31 December 2024                                               31 December 2023
                                                                                                  Non-                                                           Non-
                                              Loans and      Percentage             Non-    Performing       Loans and      Percentage             Non-    Performing
           (in millions of RMB,              advances to     of the total    performing      loan ratio     advances to     of the total    performing      loan ratio
           except for percentages)             customers       loans (%)           loans          (%)(1)     customers        loans (%)           loans          (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                      2,863,740          41.57          30,475           1.06       2,599,855          39.94          30,992            1.19
           Manufacturing                          669,630           9.72           3,250           0.49         577,026           8.87           3,063            0.53
           Transportation, storage
              and postal services                542,095             7.87          1,191           0.22        513,264             7.89          1,739            0.34
           Production and supply of
              electric power, heat, gas
              and water                          343,256             4.98            405           0.12        272,223             4.18            443            0.16
           Property development                  318,551             4.62         15,728           4.94        326,667             5.02         17,183            5.26
           Wholesale and retail                  227,711             3.31          2,436           1.07        197,739             3.04          1,330            0.67
           Leasing and commercial
              services                           194,492             2.82            788           0.41        192,670             2.96          1,470            0.76
           Finance                               140,264             2.04            369           0.26        133,664             2.05            387            0.29
           Information transmission,
              software and IT service            135,017             1.96            542           0.40        103,717             1.59              760          0.73
           Construction                          107,966             1.57          1,371           1.27        111,200             1.71              333          0.30
           Mining                                 51,967             0.75            550           1.06         47,271             0.73              567          1.20
           Water conservancy,
              environment and
              public utilities                     37,779           0.55             152           0.40          43,232           0.66             101            0.23
           Others(2)                               95,012           1.38           3,693           3.89          81,182           1.24           3,616            4.45
           Discounted bills                       379,950           5.52               –              –         471,127           7.24               –               –
           Retail loans                         3,644,625          52.91          35,135           0.96       3,437,883          52.82          30,587            0.89
           Total loans and
             advances to customers              6,888,315         100.00          65,610           0.95       6,508,865         100.00          61,579            0.95

           Notes:

           (1)    Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)    Primarily consists of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.



           The Group continued to improve the quality and efficiency of its services for the real economy, delivered solid
           achievements in the “five major articles” and focused on the development of key sectors, including technology
           finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance and digital finance, etc., continued to boost its support
           for the real economy. During the reporting period, the Group continued to optimise the industry-based credit
           policies, gave full play to the pulling effect of industrial clusters policies to focus on high-quality customers, strictly
           implement onboarding policies and increase control over key risk areas. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of the Group’s loans extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB669.630 billion, representing
           an increase of 16.05% as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for 9.72% of the total loans
           and advances to customers, with the proportion up by 0.85 percentage point as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          35
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      The Company
                                                            31 December 2024                                               31 December 2023
                                                                                             Non-                                                           Non-
                                         Loans and      Percentage             Non-    Performing       Loans and      Percentage             Non-    Performing
      (in millions of RMB,              advances to     of the total    performing      loan ratio     advances to     of the total    performing      loan ratio
      except for percentages)             customers       loans (%)           loans          (%)(1)     customers        loans (%)           loans          (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                      2,590,409          39.56          26,132           1.01       2,321,585          37.65          26,694            1.15
        Manufacturing                        641,476           9.80           3,194           0.50         555,102           9.00           3,008            0.54
        Transportation, storage
           and postal services              465,129             7.10          1,071           0.23        435,071             7.06          1,320            0.30
        Property development                286,365             4.37         13,587           4.74        290,742             4.71         14,569            5.01
        Production and supply of
           electric power, heat, gas
           and water                        280,675             4.29            388           0.14        220,797             3.58            425            0.19
        Wholesale and retail                223,739             3.42          2,431           1.09        193,801             3.14          1,326            0.68
        Leasing and commercial
           services                         181,427             2.77            731           0.40        165,793             2.69          1,445            0.87
        Information transmission,
           software and IT service          122,375             1.87            374           0.31         93,609             1.52              545          0.58
        Finance                             112,367             1.72             87           0.08        101,588             1.65               87          0.09
        Construction                        106,744             1.63          1,340           1.26        109,227             1.77              333          0.30
        Mining                               50,494             0.77            550           1.09         45,052             0.73              567          1.26
        Water conservancy,
           environment and
           public utilities                   32,658           0.50              52           0.16          34,680           0.56              77            0.22
        Others(2)                             86,960           1.32           2,327           2.68          76,123           1.24           2,992            3.93
      Discounted bills                       379,392           5.80               –              –         471,127           7.64               –               –
      Retail loans                         3,577,919          54.64          34,985           0.98       3,373,633          54.71          30,539            0.91
      Total loans and
        advances to customers              6,547,720         100.00          61,117           0.93       6,166,345         100.00          57,233            0.93

      Notes:

      (1)    Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)    Primarily consists of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.
36   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
           The Group
                                                                   31 December 2024                                              31 December 2023
                                                                                                    Non-                                                        Non-
                                                Loans and      Percentage            Non-     Performing       Loans and     Percentage            Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,                advances to     of the total   performing       loan ratio     advances to    of the total   performing     loan ratio
           except for percentages)               customers       loans (%)          loans           (%)(1)     customers       loans (%)          loans         (%)(1)
           Head Office(2)                          982,386           14.26         18,137             1.85       973,646          14.96         18,011           1.85
           Yangtze River Delta                   1,544,721           22.42         13,717             0.89     1,441,147          22.14         10,489           0.73
           Bohai Rim                               998,754           14.50          5,918             0.59       930,205          14.29          5,745           0.62
           Pearl River Delta and
             Western Taiwan Straits
             Economic Zone                       1,256,355           18.24          9,413             0.75     1,186,286          18.23          7,941           0.67
           North-eastern China                     173,569            2.52          3,002             1.73       168,929           2.60          1,862           1.10
           Central China                           740,872           10.76          5,606             0.76       686,673          10.55          6,514           0.95
           Western China                           753,564           10.94          4,972             0.66       686,701          10.55          5,820           0.85
           Overseas                                 81,575            1.18            352             0.43        80,336           1.23            851           1.06
           Subsidiaries                            356,519            5.18          4,493             1.26       354,942           5.45          4,346           1.22
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                        6,888,315          100.00         65,610             0.95     6,508,865         100.00         61,579           0.95

           Notes:

           (1)    Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)    The Head Office includes Credit Card Centre.



           The Group proactively responded to the national strategies of coordinated regional development and industrial
           cluster development trend, paid close attention to changes in the market, and continued to carry out research on
           regional credit policies to implement differentiated regional operation strategies, thus accelerating development of
           key branches in the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region, the Western Taiwan
           Straits Economic Zone, and other regions, as well as further improving regional layout of the Group.



     3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
           The Group
                                                                   31 December 2024                                              31 December 2023
                                                               Percentage                           Non-                     Percentage                         Non-
                                                Loans and           of the           Non-     Performing       Loans and          of the           Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,                advances to     total loans    performing       loan ratio     advances to    total loans    performing     loan ratio
           except for percentages)               customers             (%)          loans         (%)(Note)    customers             (%)          loans       (%)(Note)
           Credit loans                          2,800,227           40.64         26,942             0.96     2,592,093          39.82         24,147           0.93
           Guaranteed loans                        872,494           12.67         17,154             1.97       822,059          12.63         18,728           2.28
           Collateralised loans                  2,381,108           34.57         17,987             0.76     2,244,129          34.48         14,091           0.63
           Pledged loans                           454,536            6.60          3,527             0.78       379,457           5.83          4,613           1.22
           Discounted bills                        379,950            5.52              –                –       471,127           7.24              –              –
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                        6,888,315          100.00         65,610             0.95     6,508,865         100.00         61,579           0.95

           Note:         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.


           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s credit loans, guaranteed loans, collateralised loans and the
           pledged loans increased by 8.03%, 6.14%, 6.10% and 19.79% respectively as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                 37
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
      The Group
                                                                                                           Percentage
                                                                                                         of net capital
                                                                                                            (under the
                                                                                                             Advanced
                                                                                          Loans as at    Measurement        Percentage
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      31 December         Approach)     of total loans
      Top ten borrowers            Industry                                                     2024               (%)               (%)
      A                            Finance                                                    24,320              1.85              0.35
      B                            Transportation, storage and postal services                20,738              1.58              0.30
      C                            Transportation, storage and postal services                17,128              1.31              0.25
      D                            Transportation, storage and postal services                15,144              1.15              0.22
      E                            Transportation, storage and postal services                11,954              0.91              0.17
      F                            Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas
                                   and water                                                  11,924              0.91              0.17
       G                           Information transmission, software and IT services         11,000              0.84              0.16
       H                           Information transmission, software and IT services         10,915              0.84              0.16
       I                           Property development                                       10,685              0.81              0.16
       J                           Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas
                                   and water                                                     9,782            0.75              0.14
      Total                                                                                  143,590             10.95              2.08

      As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
      RMB24.320 billion, representing 1.85% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
      The loan balance of the Group’s top ten single borrowers totalled RMB143.590 billion, accounting for 10.95% of
      the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 11.10% of the Group’s net capital under the
      Weighted Approach, and 2.08% of the Group’s total loans, respectively.



3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
      The Group
                                                                              31 December 2024                 31 December 2023
                                                                          Loans and      Percentage         Loans and        Percentage
                                                                         advances to     of the total      advances to       of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                         customers       loans (%)        customers          loans (%)
      Overdue within 3 months                                                  42,228           0.61            36,161             0.56
      Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                       25,201           0.37            23,074             0.35
      Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                        17,517           0.25            17,671             0.27
      Overdue more than 3 years                                                 6,929           0.10             5,077             0.08
      Total overdue loans                                                      91,875           1.33            81,983             1.26
      Total loans and advances to customers                                 6,888,315         100.00         6,508,865           100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB91.875 billion, up by RMB9.892
      billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.33% of its total loans and advances, representing
      an increase of 0.07 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Of the overdue loans,
      collateralised and pledged loans accounted for 31.25%; guaranteed loans accounted for 15.28%; and credit loans
      accounted for 53.47% (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent asset
      classification criteria for overdue loans, and the Group’s ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more
      than 90 days was 1.32, and the Company’s ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 60
      days was 1.17 as at the end of the reporting period.
38   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.4.8 Restructured loans
           The Group
                                                                                         31 December 2024                          31 December 2023
                                                                                                         Percentage                                 Percentage
                                                                                                            of total                                   of total
                                                                                                          loans and                                  loans and
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                           Loan balance         advances (%)          Loan balance         advances (%)
           Restructured loans(note)                                                       24,826                  0.36              26,099                  0.40
             Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
               90 days                                                                      8,084                 0.12                6,801                 0.10

           Note:     Represents the restructured loans recognised in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities of the finance industry, and the
                     figures at the beginning of the year have been adjusted in accordance with the same statistical calibre.


           The Group imposed strict and prudent management and control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans and advances was 0.36%, down by
           0.04 percentage point as compared with the beginning of this year.



     3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
           the Group amounted to RMB511 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB128 million, the
           net carrying value amounted to RMB383 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
           RMB5.334 billion.



     3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
           The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                               2024                         2023
           Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                     269,534                      261,476
           Charge for the period                                                                                           43,608                       46,635
           Recovery of loans written off                                                                                   10,274                        8,819
           Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                             (53,154)                     (47,922)
           Foreign exchange rate and other movements                                                                           39                          526
           Balance as at the end of the period                                                                            270,301                      269,534

           The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB270.301
           billion, representing an increase of RMB767 million as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
           coverage ratio was 411.98%, representing a decrease of 25.72 percentage points as compared with the end of
           the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.92%, representing a decrease of 0.22 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the changes in allowances for impairment losses on
           loans, please refer to Note 22(c) to the financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          39
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy
3.5.1 Capital adequacy ratio
      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 14.86%, 17.48% and
      19.05% respectively, representing an increase of 1.13, 1.47 and 1.17 percentage points respectively, as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      The Group
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                             at the end of
                                                                                                                                          the current year
                                                                                                                                        as compared with
                                                                                   31 December                   31 December                the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                        2024                          2023            previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach(1)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                           1,023,048                      907,308                          12.76
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                                1,203,494                    1,057,754                          13.78
      Net capital                                                                       1,311,742                    1,181,487                          11.02
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
        consideration the capital floor requirements)                                   6,885,783                    5,919,504                         16.32
        Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets                                           5,973,261                    5,226,757                         14.28
                   Market risk-weighted assets                                            196,760                       86,751                        126.81
                   Operational risk-weighted assets                                       715,762                      605,996                         18.11
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into
        consideration the capital floor requirements)                                   6,885,783                    6,608,021                       4.20
                                                                                                                                        Increased by 1.13
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                   14.86%                       13.73%          percentage points
                                                                                                                                        Increased by 1.47
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                        17.48%                       16.01%          percentage points
                                                                                                                                        Increased by 1.17
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                               19.05%                       17.88%          percentage points
      Information on leverage ratio               (2)

      Balance of adjusted on- and off-balance
        sheet assets                                                                  14,218,773                   12,806,260                      11.03
                                                                                                                                        Increased by 0.20
      Leverage ratio                                                                         8.46%                        8.26%          percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)   The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the Internal Ratings-Based (IRB) Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market
            risk and the Standardised Approach for operational risk set out in the “Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks” (hereinafter referred to
            as the “New Capital Rules”) issued by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) on 1 November 2023 (same as below). A commercial
            bank shall use both the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital measurement and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and
            comply with the capital floor requirements. In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement Approach, the scope of entities for
            calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries. The scope of entities for calculating the
            capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and sub-branches of China Merchants Bank. As at the
            end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy ratio included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International
            Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Europe S.A.

      (2)   Starting from 2024, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the provisions of the New Capital Rules. The leverage ratios of the Group were
            8.27%, 7.88% and 8.11% respectively as at the end of the third quarter of 2024, the end of the half year of 2024 and the end of the first quarter
            of 2024.

      (3)   As the New Capital Rules came into effect on 1 January 2024, the data as of 31 December 2024 in the above table was calculated in accordance
            with the provisions of the New Capital Rules, while the data as of 31 December 2023 was still calculated in accordance with the provisions of the
            “Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below).
40   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 14.84%, 17.53% and
           19.17% respectively, representing an increase of 1.52, 1.83 and 1.55 percentage points respectively, as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                                                   Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                        at the end of
                                                                                                                                     the current year
                                                                                                                                   as compared with
                                                                                 31 December                 31 December               the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 2024                        2023           previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                      914,275                    801,565                        14.06
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                         1,080,144                    944,349                        14.38
           Net capital                                                                1,180,786                  1,059,697                        11.43
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the capital floor requirements)                            6,160,977                  5,295,085                       16.35
             Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets                                    5,321,453                  4,673,703                       13.86
                        Market risk-weighted assets                                     179,157                     67,143                      166.83
                        Operational risk-weighted assets                                660,367                    554,239                       19.15
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration
             the capital floor requirements)                                          6,160,977                  6,015,774                      2.41
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 1.52
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                            14.84%                     13.32%         percentage points
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 1.83
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 17.53%                     15.70%         percentage points
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 1.55
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                        19.17%                     17.62%         percentage points



           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
           and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 12.43%, 14.63% and 15.73%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.57, 0.81 and 0.77 percentage point respectively as compared with the
           end of the previous year.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                   Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                        at the end of
                                                                                                                                     the current year
                                                                                                                                   as compared with
                                                                                 31 December                 31 December               the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 2024                        2023           previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
             Approach(note)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                    1,023,048                    907,308                    12.76
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                         1,203,494                  1,057,754                    13.78
           Net capital                                                                1,293,801                  1,144,901                    13.01
           Risk-weighted assets                                                       8,227,390                  7,652,723                      7.51
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 0.57
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                            12.43%                     11.86%          percentage point
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 0.81
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 14.63%                     13.82%          percentage point
                                                                                                                                   Increased by 0.77
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                        15.73%                     14.96%          percentage point

           Note:    The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and the Standardised
                    Approach for operational risk in accordance with the provisions of the New Capital Rules. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      41
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 12.19%, 14.40% and 15.49%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.81, 1.00 and 0.97 percentage point respectively as compared with the
      end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                            Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                 at the end of
                                                                                                              the current year
                                                                                                            as compared with
                                                                          31 December      31 December          the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               2024             2023      previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
        Approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                    914,275       801,565                 14.06
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                       1,080,144       944,349                 14.38
      Net capital                                                              1,162,413     1,023,111                 13.62
      Risk-weighted assets                                                     7,503,260     7,046,274                   6.49
                                                                                                            Increased by 0.81
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                         12.19%        11.38%        percentage point
                                                                                                            Increased by 1.00
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                              14.40%        13.40%        percentage point
                                                                                                            Increased by 0.97
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                     15.49%        14.52%        percentage point



3.5.2 Balance of credit risk exposures
      During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the IRB Approach was classified into six types
      of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail, shareholding and others. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balances of various risk exposures were as follows.
                                                                                                 31 December 2024
      (in millions of RMB)                      Type of risk exposure                       The Company           The Group
      Portion covered by the IRB                Financial institution                           1,315,744          1,308,357
        Approach                                Corporate                                       2,773,014          2,773,014
                                                Retail                                          4,502,154          4,502,154
                                                   Of which: Residential mortgage               1,395,403          1,395,403
                                                             Qualified revolving retail         2,338,394          2,338,394
                                                             Other retail                         768,357            768,357
      Portion not covered by the IRB On-balance sheet                                           5,440,369          6,226,378
        Approach                     Off-balance sheet                                            275,430            317,774
                                     Counterparty                                                  22,431             24,151



3.5.3 Measurement of market risk capital
      The Group uses the Standardised Approach to calculate its market risk capital requirement. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the market risk-weighted assets of the Group were RMB196.760 billion, and the market risk capital
      requirement was RMB15.741 billion.
42   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
           The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
           summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.
           Items                                                      2024                                 2023
                                                         Profit before                         Profit before
                                                                tax by               Net              tax by              Net
                                                              business         operating           business         operating
           (in millions of RMB)                             segments             income           segments            income
           Retail finance                                       90,644           196,784             99,913           194,315
           Wholesale finance                                    87,556           135,393             72,765           134,625
           Other businesses                                        452             4,944              3,940            10,138
           Total                                               178,652           337,121           176,618            339,078

           During the reporting period, profit before tax of retail finance business of the Group amounted to RMB90.644
           billion, down by 9.28% year-on-year, and accounting for 50.74% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 5.83 percentage points; net operating income amounted to RMB196.784 billion, up
           by 1.27% year-on-year, and accounting for 58.37% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 1.06 percentage points. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail
           finance business of the Group was 32.53%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.57 percentage point.
           For the detailed figures of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial
           statements.



     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
     3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
           financial position and operating results and the related information
           The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent liabilities.
           Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, leasing commitments, capital commitments,
           securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments, outstanding litigations and disputes and
           other contingent liabilities, among which the credit commitments are the primary component. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was RMB3,100.247 billion. For details of the
           contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements.



     3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.



     3.8 Implementation of Development Strategies
           During the reporting period, the Company focused on the strategic objective of “value creation bank”, and strived
           to grow stronger, better and bigger through differentiated development, while deepening the establishment of a
           new high-quality development model driven by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles and
           breaking new ground (守正創新)”, maintaining stable operating results, further enhancing market competitiveness
           and reinforcing its differentiated advantages, so as to take solid steps on the path of high-quality development.



     3.8.1 Dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Profitability and Scale”
           Focusing on the value creation chain of “volume growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, the
           Company adhered to the principle of “takes quality as the foundation and profitability as priority, while maintaining
           moderate scale and reasonable structure”, maintained stable asset quality, strong risk compensation capacity, steady
           profit growth, and a relatively high level of ROAA and ROAE during the reporting period; the business scale grew
           to a new level, and the customer base, total assets, total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers,
           and the financing products aggregate to corporate customers (FPA) all achieved new breakthroughs. In light of
           the constantly consolidated advantages in structure, indicators such as the proportion of retail finance business
           contributed to net operating income and profit, the proportion of net non-interest income in net operating income
           and others maintained a relatively good level.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       43
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.8.2 Balanced and coordinated development of our four major sectors
        During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote the development of four major sectors, namely
        “retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and financial markets, wealth management and asset
        management”, to form a business pattern of balanced and coordinated development with distinctive features,
        strengthened and enhanced the capital-heavy business, and optimised and expanded the capital-light business.
        The systematic advantages of the Company’s retail finance sector were further highlighted. Focusing on
        the needs of customers in “deposit, loan, and remittance”, the Company improved the product service system, and
        continuously upgraded the quality of customer service and service experience. As of the end of the reporting period,
        the Company’s retail customers reached 210 million in total, representing an increase of 6.60% as compared with
        the end of the previous year; the balance of total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers amounted
        to RMB14.93 trillion, representing an increase of 12.05% as compared with the end of the previous year; the
        balance of deposits from retail customers amounted to RMB3,825.802 billion, representing an increase of 15.43%
        as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of retail loans amounted to RMB3,577.919 billion,
        representing an increase of 6.06% as compared with the end of the previous year. Due to continued improvement
        of the debit and credit card integrated customer acquisition and operating efficiency, 67.25% of our credit card
        customers held both our debit cards and credit cards as of the end of the reporting period, up by 1.53 percentage
        points as compared with the end of the previous year.
        The featured advantages of the Company’s corporate finance sector were continuously entrenched.
        Focusing on the needs of the nation, the needs of customers, and the capabilities of CMB, the Company built
        featured finance services, including technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance and
        digital finance, upgraded the customer acquisition and service model, and continued to expand the breadth and
        depth of customer services. As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers served
        by the Company reached 3,166,400, representing an increase of 12.26% as compared with the end of the previous
        year. The balance of deposits from corporate customers amounted to RMB4,952.448 billion, representing an
        increase of 8.67% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans to corporate customers
        amounted to RMB2,590.409 billion, representing an increase of 11.58% as compared with the end of the previous
        year. Among them, the growth rate of loans in key areas such as technology finance, green finance, inclusive
        finance and manufacturing industry was significantly higher than the average growth rate of the loans extended by
        the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans extended to the sci-tech enterprises3 was
        RMB590.456 billion, representing an increase of 9.73% as compared with the beginning of the year; the balance
        of green loans amounted to RMB488.200 billion, representing an increase of 9.03% as compared with the end of
        the previous year; the balance of loans granted to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises was RMB887.679
        billion, representing an increase of 10.37% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans
        extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB641.476 billion, representing an increase of 15.56% as
        compared with the end of the previous year. The Company made every effort to become the “principal bank for
        settlement” for customers of cross-border transactions and the “global principal bank” for core customers. During
        the reporting period, the international balance of payments for corporate customers amounted to USD425.611
        billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.26%.
        The competitiveness of the Company’s investment banking and financial markets sector continued to grow.
        The Company accelerated the transformation of its investment banking business and built a full-service system. As
        at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financing products aggregate to corporate customers (FPA)
        contributed by the investment banking business increased by 14.45% as compared with the beginning of the year.
        The Company continued to enhance its proprietary investment research and client service capabilities in the financial
        markets sector, with bond investment yield being among the best in the market. During the reporting period, the
        number of wholesale customers involved in client flow tradings was 77,120, representing a year-on-year increase of
        15.12%; the transaction volume of client flow tradings of wholesale customers amounted to USD282.872 billion,
        representing a year-on-year increase of 19.40%. With the on-going improvement of the integrated operation
        capability of bill business, the Company continued to enhance its bill transaction business. During the reporting
        period, the number of customers of bill business of the Company was 196,800 with a year-on-year increase of
        23.23% and the volume of commercial acceptance bill discounting ranked first in the market (data from the
        Commercial Bank Bill Business Association).




3
    Starting from 2024, the statistical calibre of loans extended to sci-tech enterprises is based on that of the National Financial Regulatory Administration.
44   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           The Company’s capabilities of wealth management and asset management were constantly enhanced.
           The Company continued to promote the development of extensive wealth management business, and deepen the
           services for all customer bases, all products and all channels. The retail wealth management business maintained
           its industry-leading position. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of retail customers holding wealth
           management products distributed by the Company reached 58,216,200, representing an increase of 13.31% as
           compared with the end of the previous year; the number of customers who conducted asset allocation under the
           “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System” reached 10,375,600, representing an increase of 13.84% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. 159 asset management institutions with industry representativeness have been
           hosted on the “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)”, an open platform of wealth management business of the Company. The
           Company actively promoted its corporate wealth management business, continued to improve the product system
           and optimise customer experience, with the average daily balance of corporate wealth management products
           reaching RMB399.871 billion as of the end of the reporting period, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.35%.
           The Group’s asset management subsidiaries continued to strengthen the six major capabilities of investment
           research, asset origination, risk management, technology support, business innovation and talent team. As of the
           end of the reporting period, the total asset management business amounted to RMB4.48 trillion. The Company
           vigorously cultivated the service brand of “China Merchants Bank Custody+ (招商銀行託管+)” by expanding the
           scale, optimising the structure and strengthening the service. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of
           custody of the Company reached RMB22.86 trillion, ranking among the top in the industry.



     3.8.3 Promoting in full steam a “Digital & Intelligent CMB”
           With adherence to “upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新)”, the Company
           implemented the strategy of developing the Bank with technology, and continued to promote innovation in key
           areas such as products, services, operation and management by relying on technology. The Company promoted its
           shifting from “Online CMB” towards “Digital & Intelligent CMB” following the direction of “online, data-based,
           intelligent, platform-based and ecological operation”, actively embraced the new generation of AI revolution
           represented by large model, focused on the construction of “AI + finance”, and made every effort to make a big
           difference in digital finance. During the reporting period, the Company’s information technology input amounted
           to RMB13.350 billion, with the ratio of information technology input to the Company’s net operating income
           reaching 4.38%. The Company attached great importance to the construction of digital talent pool. As of the end
           of reporting period, the number of R&D personnel of the Group reached 10,900, accounting for 9.30% of the
           total number of employees of the Group. Leveraging the Fintech Innovation Project Fund which focused on the five
           major directions, namely digital operation and management, cutting-edge technology capabilities, bank-to-business
           ecosystem, bank-to-consumer ecosystem, innovation and incubation, the Company comprehensively promoted its
           construction of digital capabilities. During the reporting period, 610 new Fintech innovation projects were launched,
           and 731 new projects were put into operation. As of the end of reporting period, the number of the Bank’s Fintech
           innovation projects launched and put into operation reached an aggregate of 4,410 and 3,793, respectively.
           In terms of retail business, the Company accelerated the transformation and upgrading from “online
           retail” to “digital and intelligent retail”, providing customers with efficient, convenient and safe
           intelligent services. As of the end of reporting period, the monthly active users (MAU) of the CMB APP and the
           CMB Life APP totalled 123 million. Intelligent wealth assistant “Xiao Zhao（小招）” has upgraded from a wealth
           management assistant to a banking assistant that can listen and respond, and large model technology is applied
           to comprehensively enhance the intelligence of “Xiao Zhao （小招）” and improve the self-service capability in
           high-frequency and complex scenarios. The Company expedited the digital transformation of retail credit business,
           continuously promoted the docking of credibility data, enhanced the capability of big data-driven risk management,
           which facilitated the expansion of volume and coverage of the retail credit business and led to higher quality and
           efficiency. The Company conducted the agile and iterative development of the visualised system of private banking
           asset allocation, optimised the allocation method, constantly upgraded the investment and research framework and
           product selection system, and digitally empowered asset allocation services.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      45
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      In terms of wholesale business, the Company drived high-quality customer acquisition and management
      with digital intelligence, continued to deepen its application in all aspects of customer service and
      customer operation, and effectively served the high-quality development of the real economy. As of the
      end of the reporting period, 93.81% of financing business were conducted online, and 77.41% of foreign exchange
      business were conducted online, representing an increase of 1.53 percentage points and 2.07 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year respectively. The number of monthly active customers of wholesale
      online channels reached 1,949,400, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.88%. Large model technology is
      used to create a digital product manager, which can reshape customer service interactions and accurately recognise
      customer intent. Catering to the digital transformation needs of enterprises with its own technology capabilities,
      the Company provided digital treasury management services to enterprises at different development stages. As of
      the end of the reporting period, Treasury Management Cloud (財資管理雲) served 615,200 corporate customers,
      representing an increase of 28.81% as compared with the end of the previous year. By actively integrating internal
      and external data, the Company applied AI technology and modelling approach to drive product innovation.
      In terms of risk management, the Company comprehensively utilised internal and external data, and
      continued to fortify the fortress-style comprehensive risk and compliance management system to ensure
      high-quality business development. The Company accelerated the construction of the Group Risk-management
      System (GRS), and built a leading, convenient and effective full-process risk management platform for corporate
      asset business based on the six principles of “globalisation of services, group management system, on- and
      off-balance sheet integration, intelligent risk control, data standardisation, information ecologisation”. The Company
      strengthened on- and off-balance sheet business process management, empowered business development, and
      enhanced risk management effectiveness. The Company built a comprehensive risk monitoring platform to digitally
      monitor risks in key business areas, drived intelligent management decisions with data, and applied the intelligent
      early warning function to on- and off-balance sheet businesses. During the reporting period, the online risk control
      platform continued to be upgraded, with new corporate loans amounting to RMB402.541 billion, a year-on-year
      increase of 32.61%. We strengthened the combination of large language models and risk management scenarios,
      and fully utilised AI technology to enhance the efficiency of the credit process and risk management capability.
      In terms of operation management, the Company strengthened the application of intelligent tools to
      enhance the Bank’s refined management capability and support the Bank’s business development. Focusing
      on operation analysis and business strategy, the retail line created a retail intelligent assistant product matrix
      to enhance the coordination and management efficiency of the retail line. For the wholesale line, the Company
      offered CRM intelligent assistant for account manager users, realising key scenarios such as single-family inquiries,
      product Q&A, and intelligent minutes to enhance the efficiency of account managers. The asset and liability
      management area actively applied digital tools for institutional operation monitoring, intelligent attribution analysis,
      multi-dimensional scenario simulation and risk early warning and control. Among them, the Company took the
      lead in applying the large language model technology in capital management to create the industry-leading “Smart
      Capital GPT”; the product pricing management system further improved the online full-process management and
      promoted comprehensive digital and intelligent transformation. The Company innovated the HR digital service model
      and developed the “digital beauty (數字美眉)” robot based on large model technology to realise intelligent services
      for employees, with the number of “digital beauty (數字美眉)” users reaching 25,300 by the end of the reporting
      period. Digital tools such as “General Branch Cockpit” and “General Branch Space” were developed to empower
      the digitisation of the operation and management of general branches.
46   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


             In terms of internal operations, the Company enhanced the automation and intelligence of our operations
             and services, accelerate the transformation to a “people+digital intelligence” operation model, and
             achieve a high-quality balance of experience, efficiency, risk and cost. As at the end of the reporting period,
             the open operation service platform “Kaiyang Portal (開陽門戶)” had completed the intelligent transformation of
             more than 730 operation processes and expanded its application, and the efficiency of key business processes such
             as RMB settlement account opening and letter of inquiry increased by 58.32% as compared with the end of the
             previous year. The Company continued to practise ESG concepts in all operations, realised the electronic business
             agreement through the “E-stack agreement management platform (E棧協議管理平台)”, and realised the paperless
             business operation approval and handover across the Bank through the “paperless platform”, saving 46,588,800
             pieces of paper and reducing 419.30 tons of carbon dioxide emissions throughout the year. In response to the
             national promotion of electronic invoicing, the Company fully implemented electronic invoice issuing services.
             Also, the Company presented an integrated solution of “ticket, finance, tax and file”, accelerated the intelligent
             transformation of financial operations, and realised the innovative application of large models in the field of financial
             reimbursement audit. During the reporting period, 1,138,100 paperless reimbursement claims were processed,
             with an increase in audit efficiency of 63.09%. During the reporting period, with the further popularisation and
             application of intelligent technology in the Company’s customer service, management, risk control, operation,
             office and other fields, the Company realised the replacement of more than 26 million man-hours by intelligent
             applications and 8 million man-hours by Conch RPA+ (Robot Process Automation), effectively improving the
             processing efficiency and service level of businesses.
             In terms of technological infrastructure, the Company continued to strengthen the technological
             foundation of “cloud + AI + middle office”, fully unleashed the benefits brought by cloud technology, and
             steadily pushed forward the systematic construction of large models controlled by itself independently.
             Cloud services have been optimised and upgraded. The Company continued to improve the CMB Cloud
             by focusing on consolidating availability and improving resource efficacy, and the overall availability4 of cloud
             exceeded 99.999% during the reporting period. The construction of the middle office achieved remarkable
             results. Focusing on building an industry-leading technology centre, the Company continued to improve the scale
             and quality of application components5, and enhanced the reuse level of IT resources. The Company released a
             total of 5,942 application components as of the end of the reporting period. The data middle office continued to
             accumulate enterprise-level data capabilities and data assets, and as of the end of the reporting period, big data
             services covered 63% of the Bank’s employees, and the data had become the core basis for employees to carry out
             business analysis. “AI + finance” has been comprehensively implemented. The Company made comprehensive
             efforts in the areas of infrastructure, scenario application and ecosystem construction. In terms of infrastructure,
             the Company has built arithmetic clusters composed of thousands of computing nodes, introduced the mainstream
             foundation large model in China, released the first open-source financial AI model with tens of billion parameters
             in domestic banking industry, “Yi Zhao (一招)”, open-sourced 2TB of high-quality data sets in the financial industry,
             built a one-stop intelligent application development platform, and accumulated the enterprise-level AI capabilities. In
             terms of scenario application, the Company has explored over 120 large model application scenarios, covering retail
             and corporate customer service, risk control, operation, office and other areas. In terms of ecosystem construction,
             the Company continued to refine its internal large model experience platform “AI Co-Creation (AI共創)” to stimulate
             entire staff participation, and has expanded the “circle of friends” of large models externally by joining hands with
             technology enterprises and financial peers to actively participate in the construction of the external large model
             ecosystem.




     4
         Availability refers to the proportion of normal working conditions in a given period of time. The overall availability of the cloud services is the arithmetic
         average of the availability of each important system running on the cloud platform.
     5
         Component refers to reusable common module of the system provided in the form of API (application programming interfaces).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  47
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.8.4 Consolidating the “ fortress-style ” comprehensive risk and compliance
      management system
      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the risk-based approach, managed development and safety
      conditions, strengthened comprehensive risk management, so that overall quality of the assets remained stable and
      the bottom line of risk and compliance was firmly guarded. The Company continued to strengthen comprehensive
      risk management by accurately identifying various types of risks, such as credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk,
      operational risk, compliance risk, information technology risk and reputation risk, and prudently assessing,
      dynamically monitoring and responding to those risks in a timely manner. The Company has strengthened process
      management and implemented policies by category. The Company effectively prevented and resolved risks in key
      areas and strengthened the management of real estate and local government financing businesses by virtue of the
      coordination mechanism of urban real estate financing business and a package of debt resolution proposals. The
      Company took multiple measures to strengthen risk control in areas such as personal housing loans, consumer credit
      business, small and micro loans, and list-based industries; and increased efforts to resolve non-performing loans.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s non-performing loan ratio was 0.93%, unchanged from the
      end of the previous year, with overall stable asset quality. The Company consolidated the foundation of its risk and
      compliance management capabilities and strengthened the building and enhancement of its risk and compliance
      team; iterated the “Domestic Branch Risk Rating and Profile System” and strengthened the risk management of
      overseas branches and subsidiaries; promoted the establishment of the Group’s risk management system and
      enhanced the capability of digital and intelligent risk control; and optimised the “dynamic rebalancing” strategy
      of its asset business and “one branch, one policy” list-based management; continued to strengthen sanctions
      compliance and money laundering risk management and control, and proactively fulfilled regulatory compliance
      requirements.



3.8.5 Overall improvement in management levels
      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to strict management, accelerated the building of a
      standardised, sophisticated, empowering, systematic and scientific management system, and steadily improved the
      quality and efficiency of management. The Company optimised asset-liability management, struck a multi-purpose
      balance, promoted high-quality growth in deposits and loans, strengthened the refined management of pricing, and
      maintained a leading edge in net interest margin. The Company fully adopted the new capital regulations, resulting
      in significant capital savings. The Company solidly promoted cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, insisted on
      retaining necessary expenses and reducing those with lower priority, optimised the expense structure, and enhanced
      the quality and efficiency of cost inputs. The Company deepened organisational reforms, pressed on with the
      reform of the branch operational system, and enhanced comprehensive customer service and operational capability;
      optimised the organisational structure of the head office departments, and established the Retail Customer Group
      Department. In addition, the Company strengthened team management, selected the best and strongest managers
      at all levels, strengthened building of a reserve team, and enhanced duty performance. The Company strengthened
      the “selection, development, utilisation, retention, and management” of the talent team, reinvented the talent
      exchange system, and perfected the system of segmentation and classification-based training, so as to enhance the
      team’s professional standard. The Company strengthened service management, continuously improved the consumer
      protection system, focused on the service enhancement action plan, and carried out financial education covering
      565 million consumers in an innovative way. The Company also enhanced its operation management, implemented
      the “Operation+ (營+)” series of service programs, and upgraded the intelligent operation mode driven by digital
      intelligence which served 177 million customers, with a year-on-year increase of 14.10%.
48   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.8.6 In-depth implementation development strategies in key regions
             During the reporting period, the Company proactively responded to the national strategies of coordinated regional
             development and industrial cluster development trend, and promoted the characteristic operation for branches
             located in the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region, the Western Taiwan Straits
             Economic Zone and other regions, and continued to increase the investment of resources in the branches, so
             these branches are in a better position to serve high quality development of the regions. The Company carried
             out the “deep and intensive cultivation” centring on regional advantageous and characteristic industries as well
             as customer needs, and managed to expand the coverage of high-quality customers in the regions and pursued
             continuous growth and structural optimisation of customer base. As at the end of the reporting period, the growth
             rates of customer base, total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers, core deposits, loans and
             other core indicators of the 16 branches in key regions were all higher than the average level of domestic branches
             compared with the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the core deposit6 and loan7 balances of the
             Company’s 16 branches in key regions amounted to RMB1.94 trillion and RMB2.11 trillion, accounting for 29.17%
             and 38.83% of all domestic branches respectively, representing an increase of 0.36 and 0.19 percentage point
             and by RMB138.466 billion and RMB157.617 billion in balances, as compared with the end of the previous year,
             respectively, with the incremental increases accounting for 34.83% and 41.30% of the aggregate increase amounts
             of domestic branches, respectively.



     3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
     3.9.1 Net interest margin
             During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin was 1.98%, representing a decrease of 17 basis points
             year-on-year; the Company’s net interest margin was 2.04%, representing a decrease of 16 basis points year-on-
             year. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Group’s net interest margin was 1.94%, representing a decrease of 3 basis
             points as compared with the third quarter of 2024; and the Company’s net interest margin was 1.98%, representing
             a decrease of 5 basis points as compared with the third quarter of 2024. Such decrease in net interest margin was
             mainly due to the reasons below. On the asset side, firstly, due to the decreased interest rate for existing residential
             mortgage loans in the previous year, the downturn of the LPR (Loan Prime Rate) and the insufficient effective credit
             demand, the pricing of newly granted loans had continued to decline, and average loan yields had been going
             down; secondly, market interest rates had been running at low levels, driving a continuous decline in yields of
             market-oriented assets such as bond investments, interbank lending and bill discounting. On the liability side, the
             growth of low-cost demand deposits was under pressure. The trend of shifting towards time deposits continued
             which to certain extent mitigated the effects of market deposit rate decline and the cost ratio of liabilities remained
             relatively rigid. In order to maintain a relatively stable net interest margin, the Group strengthened the management
             of its asset and liability portfolio during the reporting period. On the asset side, the Group persisted in increasing
             effective asset origination and strengthened the portfolio management of asset, maintaining a relatively reasonable
             level of asset yields. On the liability side, the Group focused on driving growth in low-cost core deposits. By flexibly
             arranging the acquisition of market-oriented funds, the Group continued to optimise its portfolio allocation of
             liability and maintained its strengths in cost of liabilities.
             With the current market interest rate at a low level and the lack of effective financing demand, the banking
             sector still faces net interest margin downward pressure. Looking ahead to 2025, the Group’s net interest margin
             will continue to be under pressure, while at the same time there are some positive factors. As far as pressure is
             concerned, on the asset side, the policy-driven effects of the LPR cut and further reduction in existing mortgage
             rates in 2024 will continue to unfold, effective asset placement will continue to be under pressure, and asset yields
             are expected to continue the downward trend. On the liability side, the trend of shifting towards time deposits has
             not seen any significant improvement, and the pressure to control the cost of liabilities still exists. Where positive
             factors are concerned, firstly, the fiscal policy has become more vigorous and proactive, and the domestic economy
             continues to accentuate its upturn, which will create a stable operating environment for the banking industry;
             secondly, the monetary policy has turned “moderately loose”, which provides opportunities for the banking industry
             to optimise the allocation of liability portfolios and improve the overall cost of liabilities.




     6
         The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit, structured
         deposits and other relatively high-cost deposits.
     7
         Excluding credit card loans.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                   49
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


        The Group will continue to optimise its asset-liability structure through forward-looking asset-liability portfolio
        management to promote a reasonable, stable and healthy net interest margin. On the asset side, the Group will,
        firstly, continue to promote the origination of effective assets, focus on promoting loan extension, manage the
        pace, maintain a reasonable proportion of retail loans, and continue to optimise the structure of corporate loan
        customer group. Secondly, the Group will grasp the trend of market interest rates in a forward-looking manner,
        focus on optimising the structure of asset, and flexibly arrange the portfolio allocation of assets such as bills, bond
        investment and interbank assets. On the liability side, the Group will adhere to the concept and orientation of
        high-quality development of liabilities, and take various measures to promote the steady and healthy growth of
        low-cost customer deposits; secondly, the Group will optimise the structure of liabilities, and arrange the acquisition
        of bonds, interbank liabilities and other market-oriented funds at appropriate opportunities and times, so as to
        maintain its strengths in the overall cost of liabilities.



3.9.2 Net non-interest income
        During the reporting period, faced with challenges such as insufficient effective demand, capital market fluctuations,
        fee cuts and concession offerings, the Group implemented requirements for high-quality development, focused on
        customer needs, upgraded customer services, and continuously improved the quality and efficiency of intermediary
        business services. In light of the impact of short-term adverse factors, the Group actively built differentiated
        competitiveness in an effort to explore growth points in segmented areas. During the reporting period, the Group
        realised net non-interest income of RMB125.844 billion, representing an increase of 1.15% year-on-year, accounting
        for 37.33% of net operating income and representing an increase of 0.64 percentage point year-on-year. Among
        the Group’s net non-interest income, net fee and commission income was RMB72.094 billion, representing a
        decrease of 14.28% year-on-year, accounting for 57.29% of the net non-interest income; other net non-interest
        income was RMB53.750 billion, representing an increase of 33.37% year-on-year. During the reporting period, the
        Group’s income contributed by extensive wealth management was RMB37.647 billion8, representing a decrease of
        16.84% year-on-year.
        The major items under the Group’s net fee and commission income during the reporting period are analysed as
        follows. Fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB22.005 billion, representing a
        year-on-year decrease of 22.70%. Among them, income from agency distribution of wealth management products
        was RMB7.856 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.84%, which was mainly driven by the growth
        of the volume of agency distribution and the optimisation of product structure. Income from agency distribution
        of insurance policies amounted to RMB6.425 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 52.71%, mainly
        due to reduction in fees from the bancassurance channels. Income from agency distribution of funds amounted
        to RMB4.165 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 19.58%, which was mainly due to the reduction in
        fund fees and the decline in the holding volume of equity funds. Income from agency distribution of trust schemes
        amounted to RMB2.125 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 33.72%, which was mainly due to the
        decline in the volume of agency distribution of trust schemes. Income from securities brokerage was RMB1.108
        billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 51.57%, which was mainly due to the increasing customer demand
        for securities transactions in Hong Kong capital market. Fee and commission income from asset management
        amounted to RMB10.751 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.30%, which was mainly due to the
        decrease in management fee income of two subsidiaries, namely CMB Wealth Management and China Merchants
        Fund. Commission income from custody business was RMB4.891 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease
        of 8.20%, mainly due to the decline in the fee rate of mutual fund custody business. Income from bank card
        fees amounted to RMB16.761 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.16%, mainly due to the decrease
        in fee income from offline transaction of credit cards. Income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to
        RMB15.505 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.08%.




8
    The income from extensive wealth management includes the fee and commission income from wealth management, asset management and custody
    business.
50   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           Looking forward to 2025, the Group will continue to promote the high-quality development of net non-interest
           income. First, the Group will leverage the systematic advantages of its retail finance sector, focus on customer needs,
           pay close attention to the opportunities associated with the rebound of the equity market, continue to optimise the
           structure of wealth management products, as well as grasp the structural opportunities of consumption recovery,
           strengthen the construction and online operation of payment and settlement scenarios. Secondly, the Group will
           strengthen the building of operation capacity of its corporate customer base, focus on “five major articles” and new
           quality productive forces, enhance product innovation, improve the breadth and depth of customer service, and build
           a leading edge in featured finance. Thirdly, the Group will enhance the professionalism of our investment banking
           and financial market sectors, strengthen market research and professional capacity building, closely keep up with
           the needs of enterprises, take advantage of debt market development and make forward-looking arrangements, so
           as to increase net non-interest income contributed by investment banking and financial markets sector.



     3.9.3 Risk management and control in the real estate sector
           During the reporting period, the Company followed the national policy guidance and regulatory requirements, and
           adhered to the overall strategy of “clear positioning, selected regions, focused projects, serious management”.
           Under the premise of controllable risks, the Company further explored structural opportunities that may arise
           in various regions and focused on high-quality projects to carry out business. Meanwhile, the Company actively
           participated in the coordination mechanism of urban real estate financing, promoted the coordination mechanism
           for real estate to expand the scope of “whitelist” and increase its effect to meet the reasonable financing needs of
           real estate projects, and thereby facilitated the stable and healthy development of the real estate market.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total balance of real estate related businesses which were subject
           to credit risks, such as the actual and contingent credit, proprietary bond investments, and proprietary investment
           of non-standardised assets, amounted to RMB374.100 billion, representing a decrease of 6.23% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. The Group’s total balance of businesses which were not subject to credit risks,
           such as wealth management fund financing, entrusted loans, agency distribution of trust schemes under the active
           management by cooperative institutions, and debt financing instruments with the Group as the lead underwriter,
           amounted to RMB222.928 billion, representing a decrease of 10.63% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of loans granted to the real estate industry was
           RMB286.365 billion, representing a decrease of RMB4.377 billion as compared with the end of the previous year.
           It accounted for 4.37% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, representing a decrease of 0.34
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Over 85% of the Company’s balance of loans for
           real estate development was extended in the urban areas of first-tier and second-tier cities and the regional structure
           remained sound. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s non-performing loan ratio of real estate
           loans was 4.74%, representing a decrease of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Going forward, the Company will firmly uphold the national policy of “strictly controlling new commercial housing
           developments, optimising existing housing projects, and improving construction quality”, closely follow the
           national policy direction and changes in market situation, fully support the construction of a new model of real
           estate development, and implement the policy direction of “project-centric approach”, continue to implement
           the expansion of the scope of “whitelist” projects and increase its effect, and extend more loans for “whitelist”
           projects. At the same time, the Company will continue to reasonably differentiate between the risks of project
           subsidiaries and those of the Group’s holding companies, continuously strengthen centralised risk management
           and post-investment and post-loan management, and strictly enforce the requirements for the closed management
           of real estate loans, so as to effectively prevent and control project risks. In accordance with the principles of
           compliance with laws and regulations, controllable risk and commercial sustainability, the Company will promote the
           risk resolution and disposal of real estate enterprises, so as to maintain an overall stable quality of real estate assets.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                      51
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.9.4 Deposits from customers
        As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of customer deposits of the Company amounted to
        RMB8,778.250 billion, representing an increase of 11.52% as compared with the end of the previous year. The main
        reasons for the growth in customer deposits were, firstly, the steady growth in operating funds of enterprises thanks
        to steady and positive economic growth and moderately upbeat corporate expectations; secondly, the steady growth
        in saving deposits driven by residents’ savings demand; and thirdly, in the face of uncertainties of the external
        environment, the Company continued to promote effective growth in deposits by taking various measures such as
        strengthening customer-oriented operation, enhancing customer base expansion, reinforcing deposit classification
        management and cost control. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of core deposits9
        was RMB7,060.282 billion, representing an increase of 6.72% year-on-year; it accounted for 86.24% of the average
        daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease of 0.39 percentage point year-on-year. The average daily
        balance of demand deposits was RMB4,178.221 billion, representing a decrease of 5.70% year-on-year; it accounted
        for 51.03% of the average daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease of 6.99 percentage points
        year-on-year, mainly due to the influence of trend of shifting towards time deposits in the whole market, which
        resulted in depressed growth of demand deposits.
        Looking forward to 2025, more proactive fiscal policy and moderately loose monetary policy will continue to take
        effect, fuelling economic rebound and uplift continuously. The external environment for the growth of deposits
        among commercial banks is expected to experience marginal improvement, but the trend of shifting towards time
        deposits is likely to continue. It is expected that the Company will continue to face pressures in both scale growth
        and cost control. In order to maintain the high-quality growth of deposits, the Company will take the following
        measures. Firstly, the Company will return to the origin of customers and consolidate the foundation for deposit
        growth through customer base expansion. Secondly, the Company will further optimise the structure of deposit
        growth, continue to enhance management and control for high-cost deposits and drive the growth in low-cost
        deposits to ensure that the proportion of demand deposits and the deposit cost ratio remain at a desirable level
        throughout the year. Thirdly, the Company will strengthen deposit acquisition with our products and services, and
        exert more efforts in settlement services, wealth management and product innovation to attract steady low-cost
        deposits.



3.9.5 Assets allocation
        The Company continued to optimise its asset allocation and management strategies, promoted balanced and
        high-quality development in terms of quality, profitability, scale and structure, and continuously improved its asset
        origination capabilities to provide high-quality financial services to the real economy, while appropriately increasing
        the allocation of bond and interbank assets in accordance with the trend of interest rates and changes in market
        demand. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total loans and advances to customers amounted
        to RMB6,547.720 billion, representing an increase of 6.18% as compared with the end of the previous year,
        accounting for 57.54% of the total assets of the Company, representing a decrease of 2.23 percentage points as
        compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, retail loans were RMB3,577.919 billion, representing an
        increase of 6.06% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 54.64% of the loans and advances
        to customers of the Company, representing a decrease of 0.07 percentage point as compared with the end of the
        previous year. The Company navigated market fluctuations to promote the smooth operation of residential mortgage
        loans and credit card loans, while maintaining its efforts in the granting of high-quality micro-finance loans and
        consumer loans, which drove the steady growth in retail loans. Corporate loans amounted to RMB2,590.409 billion,
        representing an increase of 11.58% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 39.56% of the
        loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing an increase of 1.91 percentage points as compared
        with the end of the previous year. The Company enhanced the origination of high-quality corporate assets,
        effectively supported credit demand of enterprises, and further its service and support to the real economy especially
        in key areas. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s bond investments amounted to RMB2,878.884
        billion, representing an increase of 11.24% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 25.30%
        of the total assets of the Company, representing an increase of 0.22 percentage point as compared with the end of
        the previous year.




9
    The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit, structured
    deposits and other relatively high-cost deposits.
52   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           Looking ahead to 2025, the Company will continue to strengthen its asset origination capacity, promote further
           structural optimisation of credit assets while steadily increasing the total volume. In terms of retail loans, the
           Company will secure the dominant position of its retail loan business, closely follow the changes in the real estate
           and consumer markets, and speed up the resumption of growth in residential mortgage loans and credit card
           loans, while promoting the steady growth of micro-finance loans and consumer loans in light of changes in risk
           conditions. In terms of corporate loans, the Company will further strengthen effective asset origination, enhance
           the level of comprehensive services, and continue to consolidate customer base, while maintaining its efforts of
           loan extension in key areas such as technology finance, green finance, and inclusive finance, so as to optimise the
           structure of corporate credit financing and enhance quality and efficiency of services for the real economy. In terms
           of bond investment and interbank asset allocation, the Company will keep up its effort on forward-looking research
           and judgement of market dynamics, and continue to optimise the allocation structure of asset after taking into
           consideration the operation of assets and liabilities.



     3.9.6 The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           During the reporting period, the newly formed non-performing loans of the Company amounted to RMB66.704
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB5.707 billion; the formation ratio of non-performing loans was
           1.05%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.02 percentage point. Among them, the amount of newly formed
           non-performing corporate loans was RMB11.222 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB1.902 billion.
           The amount of newly formed non-performing retail loans (excluding credit card loans) was RMB16.107 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6.944 billion. The amount of newly formed non-performing credit card
           loans was RMB39.375 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB665 million.
           The Company continued to consolidate the basis for implementation of the expected credit loss method,
           always adhered to value customer selection, optimised the asset portfolio allocation, and ensured adequate risk
           compensation in key areas. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s allowances for
           impairment losses on loans was RMB259.885 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.517 billion as compared
           with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio was 425.23%, representing a decrease of 31.50
           percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.97%,
           representing a decrease of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the
           reporting period, the credit cost ratio was 0.63%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.09 percentage point.
           During the reporting period, the Company played an active role in the disposal of non-performing assets, taking
           various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. During the reporting period, the disposal of non-performing
           loans by the Company amounted to RMB62.902 billion, of which RMB30.401 billion was written off, RMB22.569
           billion was securitised, RMB7.599 billion was recovered by collection, and RMB2.333 billion was disposed of by
           other means such as repossession, transfer, restructuring, upward migration and remission.
           In 2025, the Company will closely track changes in the macro situation, optimise its business and risk control
           strategies, effectively prevent and resolve risks in key areas, implement strict asset classification, make adequate
           allowances, strengthen the management of special-mentioned and overdue loans, and actively use various means
           to increase efforts for the recovery and disposal of non-performing assets, so as to maintain the overall stability of
           asset quality.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                    53
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


3.9.7 Asset quality in key areas
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen risk control over residential mortgage loans,
      consumer credit business, micro-finance loans, industries under list-based management and other key areas, and
      the asset quality was generally within controllable range. In 2025, the Company will actively respond to the changes
      in the external macro-economic situation and continue to strengthen the investigation, research and judgement on
      the risk situation in key areas for better risk prevention and control for those areas. For details of the quality of real
      estate assets, please refer to 3.9.3 “Risk management and control in the real estate sector” in this chapter.
      The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
      indicated.


                                                                                         31 December 2024
                                                               Balance                        Balance of      Percentage
                                             Balance of         of non-          Non-            special-      of special-    Balance of     Percentage
      (In millions of RMB,                    loans and     performing performing             mentioned       mentioned         overdue      of overdue
      except for percentages)                  advances           loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans      loans (%)
      Corporate loans                         2,590,409          26,132             1.01          18,562              0.72        24,375             0.94
      Discounted bills                          379,392               –                –              42              0.01             –                –
      Retail loans                            3,577,919          34,985             0.98          63,891              1.79        62,291             1.74
        Micro-finance loans                     823,893           6,538             0.79           4,038              0.49         8,016             0.97
        Residential mortgage loans            1,403,755           6,761             0.48          17,933              1.28        11,383             0.81
        Consumer credit business              1,343,870          20,673             1.54          41,875              3.12        41,855             3.11
          Credit card loans                     947,709          16,557             1.75          39,564              4.17        36,663             3.87
          Consumer loans                        396,161           4,116             1.04           2,311              0.58         5,192             1.31
        Others(Note)                              6,401           1,013            15.83              45              0.70         1,037            16.20
      Total loans and advances
        to customers                          6,547,720          61,117             0.93          82,495              1.26        86,666             1.32

                                                                                           31 December 2023
                                                                Balance                        Balance of      Percentage
                                              Balance of         of non-           Non-           special-      of special-    Balance of      Percentage
      (In millions of RMB,                     loans and     performing     performing         mentioned       mentioned         overdue       of overdue
      except for percentages)                   advances           loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans       loans (%)
      Corporate loans                         2,321,585          26,694             1.15          18,071              0.78        25,862             1.11
      Discounted bills                          471,127               –                –              12                 –             –                –
      Retail loans                            3,373,633          30,539             0.91          48,739              1.44        47,706             1.41
        Micro-finance loans                     749,773           4,592             0.61           2,648              0.35         5,211             0.70
        Residential mortgage loans            1,376,814           5,113             0.37          13,107              0.95         7,466             0.54
        Consumer credit business              1,237,315          19,666             1.59          32,912              2.66        33,851             2.74
          Credit card loans                     935,777          16,381             1.75          31,373              3.35        29,905             3.20
          Consumer loans                        301,538           3,285             1.09           1,539              0.51         3,946             1.31
        Others(Note)                              9,731           1,168            12.00              72              0.74         1,178            12.11
      Total loans and advances
        to customers                          6,166,345          57,233             0.93          66,822              1.08        73,568             1.19

      Note:    Primarily consists of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other personal loans secured by
               monetary assets.
54   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           Risk control over residential mortgage loans
           The Company actively implemented the national and regional policy requirements, adhered to the implementation of
           city-specific policy, actively responded to the new situation where the supply-demand relationship in the real estate
           market changed significantly, and supported the demands of customers who are first-time homebuyers and home
           upgraders, so as to steadily conduct residential mortgage loan business. During the reporting period, the amount
           of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company in the first-tier and second-tier cities accounted
           for 91.30% of the total amount of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company, representing an
           increase of 1.05 percentage points year-on-year. The closing balance of residential mortgage loans in the first-tier
           and second-tier cities accounted for 87.63% of the closing balance of the Company’s residential mortgage loans,
           representing an increase of 0.59 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans
           was 0.48%, representing an increase of 0.11 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the
           special-mentioned loan ratio was 1.28%, representing an increase of 0.33 percentage point as compared with the
           end of the previous year; and the overdue loan ratio was 0.81%, representing an increase of 0.27 percentage point
           as compared with the end of the previous year. The Company had always been regularly monitoring and revaluating
           the value of the existing collaterals so that adjustments to their values have been timely made. As of the end of
           the reporting period, the weighted average loan-to-value ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans was
           37.15%, representing an increase of 4.22 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the
           collaterals were sufficient and stable. Therefore, the overall risk of residential mortgage loans was controllable.
           In terms of customer selection, the Company offered priority support to customers who are first-time homebuyers
           and home upgraders and accelerate the expansion of second-hand home mortgage business, so as to ensure the
           healthy development of the residential mortgage loan business from the origin. In the future, under the general
           trend that the government will support the smooth development of the real estate market, the Company will strive
           to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of residential mortgage loan assets in the industry.
           Risk control over consumer credit business
           The Company insisted on focusing on the acquisition of value customers, further exploring the upgraded
           consumption scenarios and the comprehensive consumption scenarios of individuals or households encouraged by
           national policies, optimising regional strategies and customer base operation strategies, developing the consumer
           credit business in a steady and healthy manner and satisfying the reasonable consumer financing needs of
           customers. Thanks to the continuous optimisation of the Company’s customer base and the asset structure, as well
           as the application of various risk management strategies, the consumer credit business maintained stable growth
           while the risk was generally controllable.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan amount of the Company’s consumer credit business
           was RMB20.673 billion, representing an increase of RMB1.007 billion as compared with the end of the previous
           year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.54%, representing a decrease of 0.05 percentage point as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the special-mentioned loan ratio was 3.12%, representing an increase of
           0.46 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; and the overdue loan ratio was 3.11%,
           representing an increase of 0.37 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In the future, the Company will continue to improve the refined risk management and control strategy for consumer
           credit business. In terms of customer selection, the Company will continue to optimise its customer base and asset
           structure, rigorously review the credit risk profile of its customers, focus on customers with good credit record and
           stable income source, provide credit finance properly and keep alert to any risks of joint debts. In terms of post-
           loan management, the Company will upgrade and iterate its models to improve the accuracy of risk identification
           and risk control of its customer base. At the same time, leveraging big data quantitative risk control technology, the
           Company will closely monitor any changes in the risk profile of its customer base, make risk pre-warning in a timely
           manner, actively dispose of non-performing assets, and strive to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of
           consumer credit business assets in the industry.
           Risk control over micro-finance loan business
           The Company adhered to the implementation of the national strategy of vigorously supporting the development of
           small- and micro-sized enterprises, accelerated the pace of retail micro-finance asset origination and loan extension,
           promoted the high-quality development of micro-finance loan business, while leveraging Fintech to explore product
           and service innovation, so as to further improve the quality and efficiency of financial services for small- and micro-
           sized customers.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s retail micro-finance loans
           was 0.79%, representing an increase of 0.18 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the
           special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.49%, representing an increase of 0.14 percentage point as compared with the
           end of the previous year; and the overdue loan ratio was 0.97%, representing an increase of 0.27 percentage point
           as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                            55
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         In the future, the Company will continue to guard the risk bottom line, pay close attention to changes in the market
         situation, and improve the capabilities to analyse and judge the risk situation. Besides developing featured products
         based on regional specialty, the Company will continuously strengthen its quantitative risk control capabilities,
         improve the quantitative risk control system in response to changes in the risks of small- and micro-sized customers,
         increase the risk monitoring data dimensions, identify the risks earlier, give warnings earlier, expose the risks earlier
         and dispose of risks earlier, so as to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of retail micro-finance loan
         assets in the industry.
         Risk control over industries under list-based management10
         During the reporting period, the Company implemented differentiated management for customers in the 14
         industries under list-based management which have leading enterprises enjoying high market share and are
         significantly affected by supply-side structural reforms or the “carbon peak and carbon neutrality” policies.
         As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s full-calibre business financing exposure in industries under
         list-based management was RMB222.217 billion, representing an increase of RMB30.193 billion as compared with
         the beginning of the year, mainly extended to strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level and
         “whitelist” customers. The non-performing loan ratio of the industries under list-based management was 0.49%,
         representing a decrease of 0.11 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by the
         continuous decline in the business scale of segmented industries and the risk exposure of individual customers
         with existing risks, the non-performing loan ratio of the industries such as metal ore mining and processing,
         chemical fibre and synthetic material manufacturing increased as compared with the beginning of the year, while
         the non-performing loan ratios of other industries remained at the same level or decreased as compared with the
         beginning of the year.
         In view of the fact that the Company’s basic customer groups of the industries under list-based management are
         mainly “whitelist” customers and strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level, which have certain
         industry competitive advantages and relatively strong capabilities to resist external risks, it is expected that the risks
         in this field are generally controllable. In the future, the Company will dynamically adjust credit policies in relevant
         fields according to national industrial policies, financial regulatory policies and market condition.



3.9.8 Capital management
         The Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks (hereinafter referred to as the “New Capital Rules”) took
         effect on 1 January 2024. Under the New Capital Rules, the capital occupation of the credit business will decrease
         in general, and the capital occupation of the financial markets business will increase slightly. During the reporting
         period, the Company comprehensively upgraded its internal capital management system, continuously optimised and
         adjusted its business structure and operating strategies, and strengthened capital management under the guidance
         of the New Capital Rules. The Company’s capital adequacy ratio at all levels, leverage ratio and other operating
         indicators were maintained at a relatively high level, which met various capital requirements and additional
         regulatory requirements of the regulatory authorities of the finance industry during the reporting period with
         sufficient capital buffer. As of the end of the reporting period, the ratio of risk-weighted assets to total assets of the
         Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach was 54.15%. During the reporting period, the risk-adjusted
         return on capital (RAROC, before tax) under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company was 25.84%,
         significantly higher than the cost of capital.
         The Company continuously advances the innovation and development of asset securitisation business and
         continuously enriches capital management tools. During the reporting period, the Company issued 9 asset
         securitisation projects through the inter-bank market with a total scale of RMB2.134 billion. The underlying assets
         were non-performing loans.
         In the future, the Company will continue to optimise the capital allocation strategies, strengthen the asset-liability
         portfolio management, continue to enhance the concept of refined capital management, improve the capital return
         management mechanism, improve the efficiency of capital use, promote the dynamically balanced development
         of “Quality, Profitability and Scale”, constantly enhance the capability of endogenous growth of capital and make
         comprehensive plan of the use of various capital instruments and raise capital in numerous channels and methods to
         ensure the steady operation of the capital adequacy ratio.




10
     As of the end of 2024, the industries under list-based management include 14 industries such as coal, coal trade, steel, steel trade, non-ferrous metals, metal
     ore mining and processing, flat glass, basic chemical, coal chemical, synthetic material manufacturing, chemical fibre, financial leasing, commercial leasing
     and photovoltaic manufacturing. The statistical calibre has been changed, and the figures at the beginning of the year have been retrospectively adjusted in
     accordance with the same statistical calibre.
56   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)



     3.10 Business Operation
     3.10.1 Retail finance business
           Business overview
           During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted
           to RMB87.990 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.56%. The net operating income from the retail
           finance business amounted to RMB192.445 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.21% and accounting
           for 63.09% of the net operating income of the Company. The net interest income from the retail finance business
           amounted to RMB145.318 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.64% and accounting for 75.51% of the
           net operating income from retail finance; the net non-interest income from the retail finance business amounted to
           RMB47.127 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.41%, accounting for 24.49% of the net operating
           income from retail finance and 47.36% of the net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting
           period, the fee and commission income from retail wealth management business of the Company was RMB20.190
           billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.24% and accounting for 43.96% of the net fee and commission
           income from retail finance; the Company recorded a fee income of RMB16.634 billion from retail bank card
           business, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.23%.
           During the reporting period, by adhering to its core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for
           customers”, the Company focused on customers’ need in “deposit, loan, and remittance”, took innovations in
           products, businesses and models, continued to consolidate its systematic strengths in retail finance to provide
           customers with comprehensive retail finance services. During the reporting period, the retail business of the
           Company maintained a good momentum of development.
           Retail customers and total assets under management for retail customers
           During the reporting period, the Company always started from the needs of customers, focused on value creation
           and persistently enhanced financial service experience and quality. On one hand, the Company strengthened
           customer acquisition. The Company proactively promoted the strategic deployment in key regions, tapped growth
           potential of the customer group and continuously strengthened its ability to expand group finance service. On the
           other hand, the Company deepened customer service. The Company looked back to the origin of customer demand,
           optimised product offerings, improved the asset allocation service system, and continued to push forward the digital
           and intelligent transformation of customer service. During the reporting period, the number of retail customers and
           the balance of the total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers of the Company maintained stable
           growth.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 210 million retail customers (including debit and credit card
           customers), representing an increase of 6.60% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which the
           number of customers in the level of Golden Sunflower and above (those with minimum daily average total assets of
           RMB500,000 for each month) reached 5,235,700, representing an increase of 12.82% as compared with the end of
           the previous year.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management (AUM) for retail customers of
           the Company amounted to RMB14,926.714 billion, representing an increase of 12.05% as compared with the end
           of the previous year. Among them, the balance of total assets under management for the customers in the level of
           Golden Sunflower and above amounted to RMB12,224.309 billion, representing an increase of 12.98% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail
           customers of the Company amounted to RMB3,825.802 billion, representing an increase of 15.43% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, 49.59% of the daily average balance of deposits
           from retail customers of the Company was demand deposits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      57
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         Wealth management
         As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of retail wealth management products amounted
         to RMB3,932.980 billion, representing an increase of 12.38% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
         increase was mainly due to the fact that the Company seized the market opportunities, increased the allocation of
         stable products and laid out diversified strategies based on customers’ wealth management needs, meanwhile the
         scale of wealth management products continued to grow. During the reporting period, the agency distribution of
         non-money-market mutual funds of the Company totalled RMB598.021 billion, representing an increase of 101.48%
         year-on-year. The increase was mainly due to changes in customer risk appetite and the sales of more stable bond
         fund rose significantly as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. During the reporting
         period, the Company achieved the agency distribution of insurance premiums of RMB117.225 billion, representing
         an increase of 21.07% year-on-year. The increase was mainly due to the fact that the Company further grasped
         the long-term stable asset allocation needs of customers against the backdrop of continuous decline in risk-free
         interest rates. During the reporting period, the Company recorded RMB87.922 billion in agency distribution of trust
         schemes, representing an increase of 3.87% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, which
         was mainly due to the Company’s increased supply of low volatility stable products.
         During the reporting period, the Company recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth management
         business of RMB20.190 billion. Among them, income from agency distribution of wealth management products
         amounted to RMB7.516 billion. Income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB5.800
         billion. Income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB4.440 billion. Income from agency distribution of
         trust schemes amounted to RMB2.109 billion. Other income amounted to RMB325 million. For details of the reasons
         of changes in fee and commission income from wealth management business, please refer to 3.9.2 “Net non-
         interest income” in this chapter.
         During the reporting period, starting from customers’ needs, the Company focused on value creation, iterated its
         professional service capabilities, strengthened product innovation and promoted the construction of an omni-channel
         service system, helping customers achieve asset preservation and appreciation.
         First, the Company continued to strengthen its full-spectrum professional service capability and increase the number
         of customers holding our wealth management products. Through keen insights into customers’ needs, the Company
         has enhanced its omni-channel, whole-journey and all-product service experience, helping more customers to shift
         from simple to complex product allocations and expanding the scale of customers holding our wealth management
         products. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 58,216,200 customers holding our wealth
         management products, representing an increase of 13.31% as compared with the end of the previous year.
         Second, the Company provided customers with diversified product offerings in response to changes in customers’
         risk appetite. In terms of wealth management, based on the principle of “stability”, the Company provided products
         with clear risk-return characteristics, clear positioning and prudent style adherence. In terms of funds, the Company
         provided customers with a wider range of product choices having high success-rate strategies and multi-strategy
         framework. In terms of insurance, the Company has been actively laying out various types of commercial insurance
         annuities to satisfy customers’ needs for retirement reserves. In the next phase, the Company will continue to
         optimise the business scale structure, balance between “volume” and “value”, and enhance the comprehensive
         contribution of the wealth management business, while upgrading its professional capabilities, actively capturing
         new opportunities in the market and business development, and further improving the quality and efficiency of its
         business.
         Third, the Company constantly promoted the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System”. As for services, the
         Company upgraded its asset allocation methodology, expanded the spectrum of allocable assets, and utilised the
         value-creating power of diversified asset allocation. In terms of products, the Company created the “TREE Long
         Earnings Plan” FOF11 product, a customised mutual FOF product based on the logic of asset allocation, providing a
         one-stop asset allocation solution for customers with different risk appetite. As of the end of the reporting period,
         the Company had 10,375,600 customers who conducted asset allocation under such system, representing an
         increase of 13.84% as compared with the end of the previous year.
         Fourth, the Company worked with partners to build a wealth management ecosystem to enhance comprehensive
         wealth management service capabilities. The Company constantly optimised the service capabilities of “Zhao Cai
         Hao (招財號)”, an open platform of wealth management business on CMB APP, expanded the scope of its partners
         and upgraded “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)” into an active multi-participant ecosystem comprising “funds, wealth
         management and insurance institutions”. As of the end of the reporting period, “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)” on CMB
         APP has hosted in total 159 institutions with industry representativeness.




11
     FOF refers to funds holding other funds as underlying investment.
58   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              Private banking
              As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 169,100 private banking customers (retail customers of
              the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
              13.61% as compared with the end of the previous year.
              During the reporting period, the Company strengthened its professional leadership and coordination between
              corporate banking business and private banking business, built an efficient integrated service matrix by enhancing
              its capabilities in terms of investment research and asset allocation, and continuously improved and upgraded the
              comprehensive service system of “individual, family, enterprise and society”12.
              Firstly, the Company strengthened asset allocation in response to changes in market. By focusing on customers’
              core demands for stable and safe products and responding to their current risk appetite and changes thereof,
              the Company provided differentiated asset allocation strategies and reinforced the utilisation of all products,
              including fixed-income, conservative, and equity-based products. In a volatile market environment, underpinned
              by professional investment research, the Company deepened asset review and engagement with customers to
              safeguard their investments.
              Secondly, the Company upgraded online operations and enhanced service experience. The Company iterated
              Premium Version of CMB APP and optimised the online allocation process of wealth management products to
              provide more user-friendly experience throughout the service journey. Through upgrading the one-stop smart service
              platform, the Company could help relationship managers collect and sort out customers’ investment and financing
              needs, and empower advisory asset allocation services, thereby improving customer service efficiency.
              Thirdly, the Company fulfilled its social responsibility and promoted wealth for common good. Adhering to the
              mission of serving the real economy, the Company managed to meet the comprehensive needs of its entrepreneurial
              clients by leveraging the synergy with corporate banking businesses such as investment banking and asset
              management. By enriching the variety of family trust, and exploring innovative services such as equity trust and
              charitable trust, the Company empowered its customers to create social value.
              Fourthly, the Company adhered to the bottom line of compliance to ensure sound operation. The Company focused
              on suitability management, continuously improved risk matching between customers and products, strengthened
              the whole-process compliance sales by optimising risk assessment system, standardising marketing activities and
              improving inspection mechanism, and intensified consumer rights protection, so as to ensure the sound operation of
              the business.
              Credit cards
              As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 96.8590 million active credit cards,
              and there were 69.4409 million active credit card users. During the reporting period, the credit card transactions
              of the Company amounted to RMB4,418.559 billion, representing a decrease of 8.23% as compared with the
              corresponding period of the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB64.356 billion,
              representing an increase of 1.32% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Non-interest
              income from credit cards amounted to RMB24.152 billion, representing a decrease of 11.30% as compared with
              the corresponding period of the previous year. For details of the scale and quality of the credit card loans of the
              Company, please refer to 3.9.7 “Asset quality in key areas” in this chapter.
               In terms of risk management, the Company steadfastly pushed forward its operation strategy focusing on “stability
               and low volatility”, continued to optimise its customer structure and promoted asset portfolio optimisation, so as to
               withstand the risk pressures in the context of economic cycles by leveraging a reasonable asset portfolio. Meanwhile,
               the Company tapped into the construction of digital capabilities to improve operational quality and efficiency,
               enhancing the post-loan risk management. During the reporting period, the quality of credit card assets remained
               stable. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of non-performing credit card loans was RMB16.557
               billion, with a non-performing loan ratio of 1.75%, remaining at the same level as compared with the end of the
               previous year. In view of the current complicated external environment, the Company will closely monitor market
               trends, adhere to the value-oriented customer acquisition approach, prudently deploy risk strategies, continuously
               improve asset quality, thereby promoting the steady development of its credit card business.




     12
          The term “individual, family, enterprise and society” specifically refers to the needs of individuals, families, enterprises and the society.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    59
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      In terms of business development, the Company adhered to the value-oriented and innovation-driven approach to
      promote service and product upgrades. Firstly, the Company continued to promote high-quality customer acquisition
      strategies, continuously upgraded its credit card product offerings and card-using experience. The Company
      launched the first batch of one-chip dual-application MasterCard to meet customers’ card-using needs at home
      and abroad, and developed high-quality consumption scenarios by rolling out the first Starbucks co-branded credit
      card in the Chinese market. Secondly, the Company took multiple measures to boost consumption growth. The
      Company captured opportunities from holidays and e-commerce promotions, created a series of themed marketing
      campaigns such as “Summer Travel (暑期出遊)”, “Winter Travel (冬季出遊)”, and “Extraordinary Overseas Tours
      (非常境外遊)”, and carried out the activities such as “Cashback for Mobile Payment (手機支付筆筆返現)”, to help
      unleash consumption potential. Thirdly, the Company strengthened its asset origination capabilities, continuously
      promoted the development of instalment asset business by enhancing the refined operation capabilities such as bill
      instalment and consumption instalment, and grasped the development trend of new energy vehicles. In terms of
      online approaches, the Company optimised product handling process, expanded channels and improved the ability
      to incentivise customers. In terms of offline approaches, the Company continued to diversify marketing activities to
      improve the quality and efficiency of customer services. Fourthly, the Company deepened the application of Fintech,
      improved the quality and efficiency of its business through model innovation, empowered its employees with AI
      technology, further uplifting operational efficiency and customer experience. In addition, the Company has further
      deepened the operation of the CMB Life APP. For details of the CMB Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3 “Distribution
      channel” in this chapter.
      Retail loans
      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB3,577.919
      billion, representing an increase of 6.06% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for
      54.64% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, down by 0.07 percentage point as compared with
      the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans)
      reached RMB2,630.210 billion, representing an increase of 7.89% as compared with the end of the previous year,
      accounting for 40.17% of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing an increase of
      0.64 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      In terms of risk management, the Company kept intensifying its risk management and control capabilities. First, the
      Company strengthened the monitoring and prediction of market risk situations, and adjusted its risk management
      and control strategies in a timely manner in line with changes in market conditions; second, the Company prioritised
      the business development in areas with better economic development and market potential, while adhering to
      the selection of high-quality customer groups and preference for customers with good credit records and stable
      repayment sources as the main business targets and selecting premium property development projects in core
      regions as collaterals; third, the Company continued to strengthen its big data quantitative risk control capabilities
      and enhance the digital level of risk management leveraging Fintech, actively expanded access to data sources,
      continuously enriched data tags, rapidly iterated the strategic model, and deepened the application of quantitative
      risk control tools in the whole process of pre-lending, lending and post-lending so as to accurately identify and
      control risks. Fourth, the Company endeavoured to improve the quality and efficiency of asset risk mitigation by
      adopting diversified risk mitigation methods during the post-lending process. Due to the impact of external risk
      situation, the balance of retail special-mentioned loans, special-mentioned loan ratio, the balance of non-performing
      loans and non-performing loan ratio of the Company have increased. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of the Company’s retail special-mentioned loans (excluding credit card loans) amounted to RMB24.327
      billion, with the special-mentioned loan ratio being 0.92%, representing an increase of 0.21 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of the Company’s non-performing retail loans (excluding
      credit card loans) amounted to RMB18.428 billion, with the non-performing loan ratio of 0.70%, representing an
      increase of 0.12 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      In terms of business development, during the reporting period, the Company proactively adapted to the changes in
      the supply and demand relationship in the real estate market, implemented various policies to promote the stable
      and healthy development of the real estate market, adhered to the implementation of city-specific policy, continued
      to focus on meeting demands of first-time home buyers and diversified housing demands for improvement of
      home upgraders, and accelerated the promotion of second-hand housing business, thus achieving stable and
      healthy development of the residential mortgage loan business. Furthermore, while maintaining proper risk control
      management, the Company proactively adjusted its business structure and increased its efforts in the granting of
      micro-finance loans and consumer loans. With respect to micro-finance loans, the Company strictly implemented
      various regulatory requirements, enriched its product portfolio and strengthened its product innovation to meet the
      diversified needs of micro-finance loan customers and reduce financing costs of micro-finance loan customers, and
      expanded the coverage of micro-finance loan customers, so as to constantly improve the quality and efficiency of
      micro-finance services. With respect to the consumer loan business, the Company insisted on selecting high-quality
      customer groups and increased the loans extended to high-quality customers with good credit standing. At the
      same time, the Company continued to improve its big data risk control capabilities, carried out segmentation and
60   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              classification-based management of customer groups with different needs, stroke a balance between returns and
              risks, and reduced operating costs. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance of
              residential mortgage loans of RMB1,403.755 billion, representing an increase of 1.96% as compared with the end
              of the previous year. The balance of retail micro-finance loans amounted to RMB823.893 billion, representing an
              increase of 9.89% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of consumer loans amounted to
              RMB396.161 billion, up by 31.38% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period,
              the number of retail loan (excluding credit card loans) customers of the Company increased by 8.7291 million,
              representing a year-on-year increase of 10.78%. The expansion of customer base was mainly attributable to the
              light-model acquisition of customers through online platform.



     3.10.2 Wholesale finance
              Business overview
              During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance business of RMB83.910
              billion, representing an increase of 20.48% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The
              net operating income from wholesale finance business of the Company was RMB119.114 billion, representing a
              decrease of 0.31% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 39.05%
              of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income of wholesale finance business
              amounted to RMB69.778 billion, representing a decrease of 13.92% as compared with the corresponding period
              of the previous year, and accounting for 58.58% of the net operating income of wholesale finance business; the
              net non-interest income of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB49.336 billion, representing an increase of
              28.40% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 41.42% of the net
              operating income of wholesale finance business, and 49.57% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
              During the reporting period, the Company firmly practised the strategy of “building a value creation bank”, and
              proactively integrated into the establishment of a modern industrial system of the country. The Company focused on
              “five major articles” in finance, accelerated the development of its advantages of featured finance, and promoted
              the optimisation and adjustment of the customer structure and business structure of wholesale finance, so as to
              constantly enhance the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy and play a vital role in building a financial
              powerhouse.
              The Company has always been dedicated to meeting customers’ needs, and continuously provided multi-dimensional,
              all-round and multi-level financing support to corporate clients by focusing on the direct and indirect financing
              markets. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of the financing products aggregate to
              corporate customers (FPA) was RMB6,223.199 billion13, representing an increase of RMB652.525 billion over the
              beginning of the year. Among them, the balance of traditional financing14 was RMB3,590.764 billion, representing
              an increase of RMB387.870 billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of non-traditional financing 15
              was RMB2,632.435 billion, representing an increase of RMB264.655 billion over the beginning of the year. The
              balance of non-traditional financing accounted for 42.30% of the balance of FPA, representing a decrease of 0.20
              percentage point over the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the relatively rapid growth of traditional
              financing, resulting in the increase of its proportion in FPA.
              Wholesale customers
              The Company has established a corporate customer service system with segmentation and classification-based
              management for strategic customers, institutional customers, financial institution customers, cross-border customers
              and basic customers. During the reporting period, the Company kept on focusing on the industry-specialised
              operation for strategic customers of the Head Office level and branch level, and in-depth operations of existing
              customers, while optimising high-quality corporate customer acquisition model by focusing on the directions of
              industrial upgrade. Accordingly, both the quantity and quality of wholesale customers have been improved. The total
              number of corporate customers of the Company was 3,166,400, representing an increase of 12.26% as compared
              with the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate customers during the reporting period
              was 539,200.




     13
          Since the scope of general corporate loans included in FPA was adjusted in this period, the same-calibre adjustment was made to the data at the beginning
          of the period, with the opening balance of the adjusted FPA of RMB5,570.674 billion, of which the amount of traditional financing totalled RMB3,202.894
          billion and the amount of non-traditional financing totalled RMB2,367.780 billion.
     14
          Traditional financing comprises general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills), acceptance, letters of
          credit, financial guarantees and non-financial guarantees.
     15
          The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing wealth
          management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing, cross-border coordination
          financing and arranging syndicated loans.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       61
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         In terms of its strategic customers, the Company optimised and upgraded its strategic customer service model by
         enhancing industry understanding, constantly improving capability of the industry-specialised service for strategic
         customers, and deepening operations with a focus on strategic customers as well as industry chain and investment
         chain, so as to promote the construction of industry-specialised financial service system. As of the end of the
         reporting period, the Company had 321 strategic customers of the Head Office level16, with a daily average balance
         of deposits of RMB1,067.378 billion, representing a decrease of 0.35% year-on-year, and the balance of loans was
         RMB1,216.039 billion, representing an increase of 8.72% as compared with the end of the previous year. As of the
         end of the reporting period, the number of strategic customers of the Company of the branch level17 was 7,011. The
         daily average balance of deposits was RMB891.378 billion, representing an increase of 6.06% on the same calibre
         as compared with the previous year, and the balance of loans was RMB413.024 billion, representing an increase of
         3.72% as compared with the beginning of the year.
         With regard to its institutional customers, the Company continued to solidify its operating foundation with key
         customer from sectors such as finance, housing and construction, and tobacco, while actively expanding its
         reach to potential customers and steadily advancing specialised services for target customers. In terms of serving
         national government institutions, the Company focused on creating a new benchmark for specialised, featured,
         digital and differentiated services by centring on policy insight, qualification acquisition, platform access and data
         application. During the reporting period, the Company successfully secured the qualification to act as an agent
         for the centralised payment of the central treasury with outstanding performance. It was also the first in the
         industry to integrate with the China Healthcare Security (national health insurance APP), launching the function
         for cross-regional medical treatment registration. In terms of serving local government institutions, the Company
         continued to focus on intellectual, financing and technology supports, continuously iterated solutions, and boasted
         market recognition with its comprehensive service capabilities. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company
         had 64,000 institutional customers18, representing an increase of 9.59% as compared with the beginning of the
         year, with an average daily RMB deposit balance of RMB916.746 billion, representing an increase of 11.79% on the
         same calibre as compared with the previous year.
         With regard to its financial institution customers, the Company returned to its original aspiration for customer
         operation and constantly improved its segmentation and classification-based operation system for financial institution
         customers. The Company focused on serving the top-tiered financial institution group customers, promoting the
         operation of top-tiered customers and industries, enhancing its capabilities of the industry-specialised service and
         intensive operation efficiency, so as to facilitate the comprehensive and in-depth cooperation with its customers. At
         the same time, the Company closely collaborated with policy banks to continuously enhance the coverage of funds
         from sub-loans for manufacturing and technology-based inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises in pilot areas,
         thus benefiting more small- and micro-sized enterprises.
         With regard to its cross-border customers, the Company seized market opportunities arising from the adjustment to
         import and export structures and the global operation of Chinese enterprises, continued to consolidate the customer
         base of cross-border finance, enhanced differentiated product service capabilities, and created distinctive advantages
         in cross-border finance. During the reporting period, the Company had 87,947 corporate customers in respect of
         international balance of payments, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.33%.
         With regard to basic customers, the Company continued to upgrade service model. Based on the big data model,
         the Company enriched customer profiles and identified customers’ operation potentials, and rationally allocated
         channels and human resources to implement the client journey service strategies, and continuously improve the
         efficacy of basic customer operations and services, forming a virtuous cycle of upgrade and tiered growth of basic
         customers. During the reporting period, the Company served 62.3166 million times for corporate customers through
         various online channels, representing a year-on-year increase of 68.15%. During the reporting period, the Company
         had 1,348,500 corporate customers19 for withholding transactions, representing an increase of 12.44% on the same
         calibre as compared with the previous year. The transaction amount was RMB2.28 trillion, representing an increase
         of 5.32% on the same calibre as compared with the previous year.




16
     The number of strategic customers of the Head Office level refers to the number of strategic customer groups at the Head Office level served by the
     Company.
17
     The number of strategic customers of the branch level refers to the corporate legal entity number of strategic customers of the branch level served by the
     Company. There was an adjustment to the list of strategic customers of the branch level in 2024, and the same-calibre adjustment was made to the 2023
     data.
18
     The institutional customer classification list for 2024 has been adjusted, and the same-calibre adjustment was made to the 2023 data.
19
     The statistical calibre of the number and transaction amount of corporate customers for withholding transactions has been adjusted in 2024, excluding the
     data for financial institution customers.
62   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              Corporate customer deposits
              During the reporting period, the Company strengthened its macro-market research, continued to pay attention
              to changes in the market liquidity, enhanced the fund origination from transaction and settlement based on the
              enterprise’s operation scenarios, took advantage of the business opportunities arising from capital diversion in the
              key sectors of the capital market, and proactively expanded low-cost and high-quality deposits. As of the end of the
              reporting period, corporate customer deposit balance was RMB4,952.448 billion, representing an increase of 8.67%
              as compared with the end of the previous year. The average daily balance of corporate customers’ deposits was
              RMB4,666.534 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.95%. Demand deposits accounted for 52.13% of
              the average daily balance of corporate customers’ deposits, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.79 percentage
              points. During the reporting period, the average cost rate of corporate customer deposits was 1.58%, representing
              a year-on-year decrease of 17 basis points.
              Corporate loans
              As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total corporate loans amounted to RMB2,590.409 billion,
              representing an increase of 11.58% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 39.56% of the
              Company’s total loans and advances and representing an increase of 1.91 percentage points as compared with the
              end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of medium- and long-term domestic corporate loans amounted
              to RMB1,522.486 billion, representing an increase of 6.79% as compared with the end of the previous year,
              accounting for 60.90% of the total domestic corporate loans and representing a decrease of 2.86 percentage points
              as compared with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio
              of the corporate loans was 1.01%, representing a decrease of 0.14 percentage point as compared with the end of
              the previous year.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to domestic national-standard large enterprises was
              RMB1,109.220 billion, representing an increase of 8.54% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting
              for 44.36% of the domestic corporate loans, and representing a decrease of 1.34 percentage points as compared
              with the end of the previous year. The balance of loans to domestic national-standard medium-sized enterprises was
              RMB573.786 billion, representing a decrease of 0.92% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting
              for 22.95% of the domestic corporate loans and representing a decrease of 2.95 percentage points as compared
              with the end of the previous year. The balance of domestic national-standard small- and micro-sized enterprise
              loans was RMB622.958 billion, representing an increase of 28.54% as compared with the end of the previous year,
              accounting for 24.92% of the domestic corporate loans and representing an increase of 3.25 percentage points as
              compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of other domestic loans to enterprises20 was RMB194.137
              billion, representing an increase of 29.05% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 7.77%
              of the domestic corporate loans and representing an increase of 1.04 percentage points as compared with the end
              of the previous year.
              During the reporting period, in close alignment with the national macro-economic policies, the Company promoted
              its loan extension with a focus on key sectors such as technology finance, green finance and inclusive finance, while
              advancing the development of real estate loans in a stable and orderly manner. As of the end of the reporting
              period, the balance of the corporate loans extended to the manufacturing industry was RMB641.476 billion,
              representing an increase of RMB86.374 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for
              24.76% of the total corporate loans, and representing an increase of 0.85 percentage point as compared with
              the end of the previous year. The balance of green loans was RMB488.200 billion, representing an increase of
              RMB40.435 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 18.85% of the total corporate
              loans, and representing a decrease of 0.44 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
              balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB371.556 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.541
              billion as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 14.34% of the total corporate loans, and
              representing a decrease of 1.82 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. For loans in key
              areas such as real estate, please refer to Chapter 3.9.3. For the details of green finance business, please refer to
              Chapter 4.2.3.




     20
          Such loans include loans made by domestic institutions to overseas and offshore customers, domestic non-enterprise customers and self-employed
          businesses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                          63
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         Technology finance business
         The Company has advanced the development of technology finance business with “systematisation, specialisation
         and ecologicalisation” as the core. The Company established a “1+20+100” technology finance organisational
         structure21, with an aim to continuously deepen the “six specialised” work mechanism to serve technology finance
         covering specialised teams, products, policies, institutions, assessments and processes. The Company iterated and
         optimised the “Sci-tech Loan (科創貸)”, a financing product exclusively designed for sci-tech enterprises, and
         achieved innovative breakthroughs in terms of the “people + digital intelligence” loan review model with the
         support from AI large models. The Company furthered channel cooperation and released the “Qian Ying Zhan Yi 2.0
         Financial Empowerment Plan (千鷹展翼2.0金融賦能計劃)” together with the China Innovation & Entrepreneurship
         Competition. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of sci-tech enterprise22 customers of the Company
         reached 162,500, representing an increase of 18.71% as compared with the beginning of the year; and the balance
         of loans extended to sci-tech enterprises amounted to RMB590.456 billion, representing an increase of 9.73% as
         compared with the beginning of the year.
         Inclusive finance business
         During the reporting period, focusing on the country’s strategic direction, the needs of enterprises and the service
         capabilities of China Merchants Bank, the Company made every effort to integrate the inclusive financial services
         into its long-term development strategy and operation and management, thereby continuously enhancing the quality
         and efficiency of serving the real economy. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans granted
         by the Company to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises amounted to RMB887.679 billion, representing
         an increase of RMB83.400 billion or 10.37% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was 4.19
         percentage points higher than the overall loan growth rate of the Company. The number of inclusive small- and
         micro-sized enterprises with loan balance was 1,077,300, representing an increase of 72,800 as compared with the
         end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Company has newly issued inclusive loans of RMB622.533
         billion for inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises, with an average interest rate of 4.22%, down by 26 basis
         points year-on-year.
         With regard to its supply chain and scenario-based finance, the Company leveraged its advantage of “One Entire
         Bank for One Customer”. On the basis of “expanding coverage, increasing volume and stabilising price”, the
         Company continuously iterated supply chain financial products such as “CMB Chain Easy Loan (招鏈易貸)” and
         “Distribution Easy Loan (經銷易貸)”, which facilitated to create a number of benchmark projects. The scenario-based
         data risk control capabilities, data accumulation and governance capabilities have been further strengthened,
         effectively improving product operation efficiency and customer experience, with service covering energy, consumer
         electronics, pharmaceutical, communications, large consumption and other industries. During the reporting period,
         the business volume of the Company’s supply chain financing amounted to RMB1,014.712 billion, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 23.94%. The Company served 8,613 core enterprises of the supply chain, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 31.38%, and served 50,941 upstream and downstream entities, representing a year-on-year
         increase of 29.00%.
         Retirement finance business
         During the reporting period, with the goal of establishing itself as the best professional elderly care financial service
         organisation in China, the Company continued to deepen its business presence in the three major areas of pension
         finance, elderly care service finance and elderly care industry finance. It built four-in-one innovative advantage
         by integrating “products + services + channels + technology”. In terms of elderly care service finance, focusing
         on the elderly care service needs of consumer clients, based on a financial perspective, the Company developed
         an “all-round” and “full-cycle” elderly care service solution and built an integrated elderly care service system. In
         terms of elderly care industry finance, the Company rendered adaptive corporate financial products and services
         for different business models of the elderly care industry, and effectively increased the financial supply of the
         silver economy. In terms of pension finance, centring on policies such as “silver economy”, “expanding coverage
         of annuities” and “full implementation of private pension system”, the Company leveraged the advantages of
         full-licensed operations to deepen and expand financial services for the three-pillar pension insurance system.
         In terms of the first pillar, the Company offered convenient online services for over 16 million insured persons, such
         as social security inquiry and service handling during the reporting period, and supported “nearby service (就近辦)”
         and “on-line service (掌上辦)” for social security. The Company has issued a total of 77,065,600 electronic social
         security cards, representing an increase of 23.14% as compared with the end of the previous year.




21
     Refers to the organisational structure comprising 1 technology finance committee, 20 key technology finance branches, and 100 specialised technology
     finance sub-branches.
22
     Starting from 2024, the statistics of sci-tech enterprise customers and loans are based on the standards of the National Financial Regulatory Administration.
64   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              In terms of the second pillar, the Company leveraged its advantages of multiple licenses, including entrustment,
              custody and account management, to provide high-quality services to occupational annuity agents and corporate
              annuity trustees. It continued to build an annuity service system in accordance with the requirements of being a
              trustee characterised by “managing returns effectively”, “controlling risks well” and “delivering excellent services”.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s scale of annuity under management hit a new high, and the
              number of individual customers associated with account management services reached 2,246,700.
              In terms of the third pillar, the Company actively responded to the full implementation of the private pension
              system. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of private pension accounts exceeded 10 million, and the
              amount of contributions was among the highest in the market.
              At the same time, the custody sector served in depth the three-pillar pension insurance system. As of the end of the
              reporting period, the pension funds under custody amounted to RMB1.33 trillion. The scale and market share have
              steadily increased, contributing to the steady appreciation of pension funds.
              Bill business
              During the reporting period, the Company further deepened the transformation of comprehensive services for
              bill customers, continuously improved the experience of bill customers and its asset operation capabilities, and
              actively responded to the changes in the external markets. During the reporting period, the number of customers
              of bill business of the Company was 196,779 with a year-on-year increase of 23.23%, of which micro-, small-
              and medium-sized customers amounted to 158,700, accounting for 80.65%. The volume of direct bill discounting
              business of the Company was RMB2,573.754 billion during the reporting period, representing a year-on-year
              increase of 35.81%, ranking second in the market (data from the China Banking Association), of which the volume
              of commercial acceptance bill discounting business was RMB328.261 billion, ranking first in the market (data
              from the Commercial Bank Bill Business Association). As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s bill
              discounting balance was RMB379.392 billion, representing a decrease of 19.47% as compared with the end of
              the previous year, mainly due to the fact that the Company adjusted and optimised asset allocation driven by the
              decreased interest rate in the bill market.
              Transaction banking business
              During the reporting period, the Company seized the strategic opportunities for the construction of “Digital China”
              and “Digital Finance”, continuously upgraded the brand of “Enterprise Digital Intelligent Finance (企業數智金融)”,
              and enhanced its product innovation capability, operation capability and ecological linking capability. The Company
              provided an integrated product service system23 of “Collection, Payment, Treasury Management, Financing and
              Connection” based on production and operation scenarios of enterprises, and explored new growth points for the
              corporate banking business. By actively integrating with the digital transformation of enterprises that empowered
              the bidirectional circulation of enterprise operation and capital operation, the Company continued to create value
              for its corporate customers.
              Leveraging Fintech, the Company accelerated the online migration of whole-process of corporate banking business
              and enhanced the convenience and efficiency of “Online Finance” services. During the reporting period, the online
              operation of the financing business of the Company was further enhanced. Based on digital risk control technology,
              the Company continued to upgrade its “Flash Series (閃電系列)” of domestic trade finance products to improve
              the handling efficiency of short-term financing for enterprises. Furthermore, the Company continued to upgrade
              the whole-process companion model and deepened the application of artificial intelligence technology. The online
              AI assistant “Zhao Xiao Cai (招小財)” can accurately identify customer intentions, and assist customers in handling
              complicated operations of corporate financial products, with the response accuracy rate reaching 95%, thus forming
              a comprehensive service system of instant response to customer needs. During the reporting period, the letters
              and certificates issuance business transactions of the Company amounted to RMB584.148 billion, representing a
              year-on-year increase of 19.63%; the domestic trade finance business volume amounted to RMB1,498.926 billion,
              representing a year-on-year increase of 24.47%.
              Based on the demand for upgrading treasury management, the Company took the Treasury Management Cloud
              as the digital service platform for enterprises to assist different types of enterprises in improving their efficiency in
              allocating financial resources. At the same time, the Company actively responded to the needs of large enterprises
              to accelerate the construction of treasury systems, providing professional solutions for the construction of the
              treasury systems of central state-owned enterprises, provincial and municipal state-owned enterprises and the
              treasury management of listed companies. During the reporting period, the Company won the bids for treasury
              management projects of numerous large enterprises, developing a brand reputation in industries such as high-end
              manufacturing, biomedicine, and new economy. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers of
              Treasury Management Cloud services reached 615,200, representing an increase of 28.81% as compared with the
              end of the previous year.

     23
          The integrated product service system of “Collection, Payment, Treasury Management, Financing and Connection” refers to a series of products and services
          in the scenarios of enterprise collection, payment, treasury management, financing and ecological connection.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                         65
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         The Company also actively explored the comprehensive digital services for enterprises under the scenario of
         “integration of business and finance”. Based on the scenario-driven needs of the whole procurement process
         of enterprises and treasury fund operations, the Company optimised the one-stop procurement payment service
         through the “Payment Centre (付款中心)”, offering enterprises digitalised and scenario-based integrated payment
         services, which facilitated the digital upgrade of the industry chain. As for the corporate sales scenarios, clients can
         use the “Corporate Cashier (企業收銀台)” to realise omni-channel collection, intelligent reconciliation and allocation
         functions, with integration of contracts, invoices, etc., to provide enterprises with whole-process integrated services
         for sales collection scenarios. At the same time, the Company specialised in creating cashier solutions for industries
         such as automobiles, consumption, and power grids, assisting enterprises with digital upgrade of sales management.
         During the reporting period, the Company served 62,100 corporate customers via Corporate Cashier, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 13.79%.
         Also, the Company continued to innovate the “Cloud-based H2H Connection” model to expand the connection
         between its digital platforms such as the Treasury Management Cloud with digital systems of government agencies,
         Internet platforms and enterprises, which facilitated rapid access to the financial services of the Company by
         customers using mainstream SaaS office platforms. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of customers
         of the Cloud-based H2H Connection service reached 220,900, representing an increase of 30.09% as compared
         with the end of the previous year.
         Cross-border finance business
         During the reporting period, the Company aimed to establish itself as the “principal bank for settlement” of
         cross-border business for customers and the “global principal bank” for core clients, consolidate its cross-border
         customer base, and improve its product and service offerings, thus upgrading its operational service capabilities.
         During the reporting period, the Company recorded USD425.611 billion of international balance of payments for
         corporate customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.26%.
         The Company strengthened the segmentation and classification-based management of cross-border customers and
         solidly promoted the construction of cross-border customer base. The Company established a differentiated business
         expansion strategy based on cross-border customer segmentation, improved marketing organisation systems,
         strengthened strategic organisation and professional empowerment, and promoted the cross-border customer base
         expansion and in-depth operation. Focusing on key scenarios, namely the global operation of Chinese enterprises,
         the “bringing in” of foreign-invested companies and the overseas capital market, the Company leveraged its
         strengths in providing synergetic services at home and abroad, and contributed positively to customer service and
         operations through differentiated cross-border finance services.
         The Company enhanced the competitiveness of cross-border digital products and created differentiated competitive
         advantages of cross-border products. The Company further promoted the intensive and digital operation of
         international documents, and improved the digital operation of international trade documentations through Fintech.
         The automation rate in key scenarios of international settlement such as cross-border remittance and export letter
         of credit reached over 97%. The Company innovatively launched export data financing product “Export Flash Loan
         (出口閃貸)”, which provided qualified micro-, small- and medium-sized export enterprises with pure-credit and full
         online credit limits. The product met the financing needs of micro-, small- and medium-sized export enterprises,
         thereby enhancing the Company’s capabilities in serving the real economy.
         Investment banking business
         During the reporting period, under the strategic guidance of “building a value creation bank”, the Company
         continued to build up its strengths in specialised sector of investment banking business, promoted the upgrading of
         its products, model and capabilities, so as to continuously enhance value creation.
         With respect to its bond underwriting business, the Company continued to deepen its whole-process and systematic
         services for issuers and investors, and persisted on building the bond underwriting brands of “long-term bond
         issuance, choose CMB (發長債、找招行)” and “perpetual bond issuance, choose CMB (發永續、找招行)”. During
         the reporting period, the debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to
         RMB646.129 billion24, ranking third among its industry peers (based on the data from the National Association of
         Financial Market Institutional Investors) and representing an increase of 9.72% on the same calibre as compared
         with the previous year. Among them, in addition to the size of debt financing instruments with term to maturity
         of ten years or more underwritten by the Company exceeding RMB100 billion, the Company ranked first by
         the underwriting size of ultra-long-term bonds with a term of ten years or more, perpetual bonds, and sci-tech
         innovation notes underwritten by it among its industry peers (based on the data from WIND and the National
         Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors).




24
     Starting from the current period, the statistical calibre of debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter is based on
     that of the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors.
66   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              With respect to its M&A financing business, in alignment with key business directions with policy support, such
              as merger and acquisition and reorganisation of listed companies, central state-owned enterprises’ deployment in
              strategic emerging industries, and revitalisation of existing assets, the Company seized the structural opportunities in
              overseas capital market, enhanced its service model to support the whole process of M&A transactions, and provided
              “one-stop, full-cycle” service solutions with intelligent and financing support for both transaction parties. During the
              reporting period, the Company’s M&A financing business volume amounted to RMB206.634 billion, representing
              a year-on-year increase of 6.87%. In response to national policies, the Company proactively supported listed
              companies in strengthening market value management, promoting the stable development of the capital market.
              The Company provided loan commitments for stock repurchases and shareholding increases to 32 listed companies,
              with a cumulated amount of RMB4.9 billion.
              With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company actively expanded the scope of
              cooperating institutions, and continued to improve the product system, thereby continuously enhancing customer
              service experience. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of corporate wealth
              management products was RMB399.871 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.35%, which was mainly
              attributable to the gradual improvement of the Company’s corporate wealth management service system and the
              continuous enhancement of its market competitiveness.
              With respect to its market transactions (matching services) business, the Company sped up its role change from
              a loan provider to a fund originator, and continuously improved its capabilities in providing service to corporate
              customers through the combination of funds and products, and collaboration with different types of financial
              institutions. During the reporting period, the Company’s market transaction (matching services) amounted to
              RMB367.077 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.17%, mainly due to the adjustment in its business
              structure.
              CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, made active business coordination with the Bank and
              strengthened the linkage mechanism of investment banking and commercial banking. CMB International Capital
              completed a total of 38 Hong Kong IPO projects during the reporting period, maintaining its leading position in
              terms of Hong Kong IPO underwriting business. According to the statistics of Bloomberg, CMB International Capital
              ranked first in the market in respect of the market share of IPO underwriting in Hong Kong in 2024 and second in
              respect of the number of IPO underwriting projects.
              Financial institution business
              With respect to financial institution liability business, during the reporting period, the daily average balance of
              financial institution deposits of the Company amounted to RMB566.866 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
              of 0.25%, among which, financial institution demand deposits accounted for 94.79%, representing a year-on-year
              increase of 3.19 percentage points. During the reporting period, the Company strengthened the structure
              management of financial institution deposits and proactively reduced the absorption of time deposits, and focused
              on high-value interbank clearing and settlement business scenarios to vigorously expand the sources of low-cost
              liabilities.
              With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository services were in stable
              operation. The Company partnered with 107 securities companies in third-party depository services and 18,478,700
              customers were secured at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 11.20% as compared with
              the end of the previous year. Also, the Company cooperated with 144 futures companies on fund transfer, securing
              503,700 customers at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 19.02% as compared with the
              end of the previous year.
              Asset Management Business
              As of the end of the reporting period, the total asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China
              Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM, and CMB International Capital, all being subsidiaries of the Company, amounted
              to RMB4.48 trillion25, representing a decrease of 0.11% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
              them, the balance of wealth management products under management by CMB Wealth Management amounted
              to RMB2.47 trillion, representing a decrease of 3.14% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of
              asset management business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.57 trillion, representing an increase of
              1.29% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of asset management business of CIGNA & CMAM
              amounted to RMB305.676 billion, representing an increase of 14.23% as compared with the end of the previous
              year; the scale of asset management business of CMB International Capital amounted to RMB130.327 billion,
              representing an increase of 14.86% as compared with the end of the previous year.




     25
          The total volume of asset management business of China Merchants Fund and CMB International Capital both included the data of their respective
          subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      67
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      CMB Wealth Management adhered to the overall business strategy of “stabilising scale, adjusting structure and
      enhancing capacity”. In terms of product scale, as of the end of the reporting period, the balance of wealth
      management products managed by CMB Wealth Management decreased by RMB78.686 billion as compared with
      the end of the previous year, but increased by RMB29.214 billion as compared with the end of the third quarter.
      In terms of product mix, as of the end of the reporting period, the size of new non-cash management products
      amounted to RMB1.43 trillion, accounting for 57.89%, representing an increase of 5.73 percentage points as
      compared with the end of the previous year, demonstrating that the product mix continued to optimise. In terms
      of product layout, catering to customer needs, it developed fixed-income brands including “Three Treasures
      for Short-term Bonds (短債三寶)” and “Wen An Bao (穩安寶)”, established the eight rights-attached strategy
      systems under the “Quan+Fu (全+福)” brand framework, and insisted on creating long-term and stable financial
      returns for customers. To cater to the diversified allocation needs of investors, it introduced and continuously
      enriched innovative models, including “Wealth Management Night Market (理財夜市)”, wealth management
      regular investment, and “Target Profit Investment (隨心投目標盈)”, thereby effectively enhancing investors’ sense
      of satisfaction. In terms of investment and research capabilities building, it adhered to a prudent investment
      direction and continued to develop corresponding investment and research capabilities. On the one hand, CMB
      Wealth Management continued to consolidate the advantage of stability in fixed-income investment, accelerated the
      construction of credit research system on the basis of strictly adhering to the bottom line of risk, and emphasised on
      strengthening the development and application of strategies featuring low volatility and stability, so as to effectively
      control the drawdowns and increase returns. On the other hand, it insisted on tapping into equity investments,
      giving full play to its advantages of multi-asset and multi-strategy, and continuously enriched the strategic toolbox,
      resulting in good performance of rights-attached products. In terms of risk management, adhering to a cautious
      and sound risk management philosophy, CMB Wealth Management formulated and implemented risk strategies
      for industries under key management and businesses with major support during the reporting period, while
      strengthening credit risk management and control. It optimised risk quantification assessment models to enhance
      forward planning and timely actions for pre-warning and monitoring of market risk and liquidity risk. Moreover,
      internal control manuals were developed for key areas and high-risk business segments, further reinforcing the
      internal control mechanism.
      Following the “high-quality development” requirements of mutual funds, China Merchants Fund continued
      to improve the quality and efficiency of its businesses and consolidated its foundation, while adopting strict
      management, upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (守正創新). As of the end of the reporting
      period, the scale of non-money-market mutual funds was RMB557.425 billion, representing a decrease of 3.15% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of investment and research capabilities building, China
      Merchants Fund continued to enhance the capabilities of equity investment team, further deepening the interaction
      between investment and research, and the reputation and capability of its active equity investment was gradually
      improved. In terms of product layout, China Merchants Fund continued to optimise the product mix, launched
      the first batch of core broad-based CSI A500ETF in the industry, successfully completed the issuance and listing of
      three REITs projects, and successfully issued China Merchants Fund’s first overseas ETF interconnection product.
      In terms of customer service, by grasping the opportunities arising from the development of pension business,
      China Merchants Fund vigorously expanded channels and customer base, steadily developed investment consulting
      business, and further engaged in customer accompany and investor guidance, so as to make efforts to enhance
      customers’ sense of satisfaction. In terms of risk management, China Merchants Fund continued to promote
      comprehensive risk management, increased efforts of promoting and implementing laws and regulations, reinforced
      risk management and control in key areas, and improved the internal control compliance management, keeping
      business risks under great control. No major compliance risk incidents occurred during the reporting period. In terms
      of basic management, China Merchants Fund further strengthened value orientation, optimised human resources
      management, improved financial procurement management, accelerated to impel digital transformation, and
      continued to strengthen back-office operation and management, boosting the quality and efficiency improvement of
      its various businesses.
      CIGNA & CMAM was positioned as a professional and stable long-term capital management institution. It
      proactively integrated with overall strategic objectives of building a value creation bank by leveraging its long-term
      capital management capabilities and advantages of differentiated product creation. In terms of the insurance
      fund fiduciary business, CIGNA & CMAM regarded enhancement of fiduciary investment returns as the core
      objective and foundation, focused on improving the allocation of assets and the investment and research capabilities
      of proactive management, with the goal of supporting the principals’ life insurance business through investment
      returns. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of insurance funds under entrusted management was
      RMB189.647 billion, representing an increase of 30.82% as compared with the end of the previous year. In
      terms of product creation, CIGNA & CMAM continuously improved its capabilities of project selection and
      asset origination, with an aim to selectively issue alternative asset management products. It vigorously developed
68   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              portfolio asset management products under proactive management, thereby developing investment strategies with
              differentiated characteristics for insurance asset management. In terms of operation and risk management,
              CIGNA & CMAM proceeded with high-quality ground work, established an efficient operation and management
              system, continued to improve the comprehensive risk management system, and continuously iterated and upgraded
              investment and product management systems, with steady progress achieved.
              CMB International Capital kept leveraging its differentiated advantages, achieving constant improvement of
              its operational efficiency. In respect of domestic asset management business, the investment efficiency,
              attractiveness for talents and industry influence of CMB International Capital’s domestic equity investment funds
              business continued to improve. During the reporting period, 4 IPO projects were successfully completed, ranking
              tenth in the list of “China’s Top 100 Private Equity Investment Institutions for 2024” released by Zero2IPO. In
              respect of overseas asset management business, it completed full exit after the IPO of a total of 4 investment
              projects with respect to CMB International Capital’s private equity products during the reporting period, realising
              excess returns for investors. Meanwhile, CMB International Capital made great efforts to develop its mutual funds
              business. During the reporting period, it launched 1 money-market mutual fund and 1 investment-grade bond
              mutual fund, increasing the scale of mutual funds under management by RMB13.517 billion. Among them, as of the
              end of the reporting period, the performance of the money-market fund has consistently ranked among the top of
              its peers in Hong Kong since its launch.
              Assets custody business
              As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB22.86 trillion,
              representing an increase of 8.24% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total scale of custody ranked
              among the top of the industry.
              The Company was committed to becoming the first choice of customers in respect of global custody banks with
              better services, stronger technology and better coordination. With the “China Merchants Bank Custody+ (招商銀行
              託管+)” service brand as its guide, the Company provided standardised products, personalised portfolios, intelligent
              tools and differentiated services to continuously help customers reduce costs and increase efficiency and achieve
              high-quality development.
              Firstly, both the quantity and quality of custody business have been continuously improved, the scale of custody has
              grown, and the structure has been continuously optimised. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
              asset management products26 accounted for 91.87% of its incremental custody scale, surpassing the average
              proportion of the industry. The structure of custody business has been optimised continuously.
              Secondly, the Company seized opportunities of market innovation to continuously maintain its innovation advantages
              regarding public REITs under its custody, while enhancing its capabilities of index funds under its custody. The scale
              of broad-based products such as A500ETF under custody maintained a leading position in the market.
              Thirdly, the Company made active efforts in propelling digitalisation, aiming to improve the quality and efficiency
              of service through technology innovation. In 2024, the Company strengthened the development of the “custody+”
              service brand, and was awarded as “2024 Outstanding Influential Brand” by 21st Century Business Herald. In 2024,
              the “custody+” system group successfully achieved Level III information security protection certification, further
              enhancing business efficiency, customer experience and safety assurance.
              Financial markets business
              During the reporting period, the Company leveraged its strengths and features in fixed income, foreign exchange,
              precious metal and other businesses. It constantly enhanced its capabilities in investment research, customer service,
              risk management and Fintech, aiming to solidify its existing advantages through refined management and enhance
              new advantages of distinctiveness and differentiation through upholding fundamental principles and breaking new
              ground (守正創新). In addition, the Company devoted its full support to the development of the real economy,
              accomplishing high-quality development of financial markets business.




     26
          According to the statistical calibre of the Custody Business Professional Committee under China Banking Association, the custody of asset management
          products includes custody of securities investments funds, customer asset management of fund companies, customer asset management of securities
          companies, bank wealth management, trust property, private equity investment funds, insurance assets, pension funds, QDII products, QFI products, futures,
          etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        69
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         In terms of investment transactions, the Company adhered to prudent operation. Against the backdrop of the
         wide volatility in the capital market, the Company further intensified macro policy research, market analysis and
         judgement, improved proprietary investments research and analysis framework, strengthened indicator tracking
         and monitoring, optimised the portfolio structure, and enhanced investments returns. In line with the national
         development strategy, the Company increased its holdings of SME bonds, sci-tech innovation bonds and green
         bonds, thereby supporting the development of the real economy. Furthermore, the Company continued to actively
         perform its duties as a market maker, continuously strengthened its comprehensive market-making capabilities, and
         continued to enhance its quotation and trading services. During the reporting period, the transaction volume of RMB
         bond investments amounted to RMB2.99 trillion27, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.17%.
         In terms of client flow trading business, the Company continued to advocate the concept of neutral management of
         exchange rate risk to corporate customers. It actively innovated its products and optimised its processes, providing
         enterprises with customised exchange rate, interest rate and other hedging services. Meanwhile, the Company
         accelerated the development and optimisation of the domestic and overseas integrated client flow trading platform
         for financial markets, and continued to improve the automation of client flow trading service at its overseas
         branches, supporting the global operation of Chinese enterprise customers. During the reporting period, the number
         of wholesale customers of the Company involved in client flow tradings was 77,120, representing a year-on-year
         increase of 15.12%, and the transaction volume of client flow tradings of wholesale customers amounted to
         USD282.872 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.40%.
         In terms of digital transformation, the Company captured the opportunities presented by digitalisation and
         intelligentisation, and continued to expand the application of cutting-edge technologies including AI and large
         model in the financial markets business. The Company established a digitalised investment research and analysis
         platform, and completed the construction of a digitalised and intelligent investment research and trading system for
         all products. The Company actively utilised digital means to optimise the functions of CMB’s hedging platform, thus
         continuously improving customer service experience. It established a digital pre-trade risk control system, refined the
         risk management mechanism for financial market transactions, and continuously elevated the digital and intelligent
         capabilities for identifying risk signals.
         During the reporting period, the Company actively supported the opening up of China’s financial markets, and
         continuously participated in “Bond Connect” and “Swap Connect” trading through National Interbank Funding
         Centre to promote interconnection between Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland’s finance markets. It facilitated
         trades for foreign investors and once again received the “Northbound Top Market Maker” award from Bond
         Connect Company Limited.



3.10.3 Distribution channel
         The Company provides products and services via multiple online and offline distribution channels.
         Offline channels
         The Company’s business is mainly in the market of China, and its distribution network is mainly distributed in
         major central cities in the Chinese mainland and some international financial centres such as China’s Hong Kong,
         New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has
         143 branches and 1,794 sub-branches in the Chinese Mainland, two branch-level specialised institutions (a Credit
         Card Centre and a Global Markets Centre), 2,190 self-service banks, 5,277 cash self-service devices and 4,953
         visual counters. The Company has a Hong Kong branch in Hong Kong, a New York branch and a representative
         office in the United States, a London branch in the UK, a Singapore branch in Singapore, a Luxembourg branch in
         Luxembourg, a representative office in Taipei, and a Sydney branch in Australia.
         Online channels
         Major online channels for retail
         CMB APP
         During the reporting period, the Company continuously upgraded CMB APP in response to changes in customer
         demand, national economic development needs and the advancement of artificial intelligence technology. Firstly,
         the Company enhanced functionality of master accounts and launched all-assets and family account services to help
         customers manage their family assets and cross-platform assets, making it easier for customers to “manage wealth
         in a coordinated way (統籌管財)”. Secondly, the Company developed a smart retirement finance service system,
         and innovatively introduced the “three sums of money for retirement (備老三筆錢)” planning methodology to aid




27
     Refers to transaction volume of RMB bond investment of the Company’s Global Markets Centre.
70   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           in retirement fund planning, optimising pension reserves, and accompanying customers in high-quality retirement
           preparation and elderly care. Thirdly, the Company enriched online credit products, launched scenario-based
           credit card limits service, and strengthened the construction of online post-loan services to provide customers with
           a higher-quality credit experience. During the reporting period, the monthly active users of CMB APP reached
           82,678,100.
           CMB Life APP for Credit Card
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance the customer organisation and mobilisation
           capabilities of the CMB Life APP, and improved the digital products and services. By diversifying scenarios
           for daily high-frequency consumption, bringing together quality partners and connecting supply and demand
           ends, the Company continued to build its online service ecosystem. Also, the Company continuously enhanced
           operating efficiency with optimised search, intelligent recommendation and other platform interaction capabilities.
           Furthermore, in coordination with critical consumption periods such as May Day, 618, National Day and the end
           of the year, a series of marketing campaigns were launched, with a view to continuously improving the ability to
           mobilise customers. During the reporting period, the number of monthly active users of CMB Life APP for credit card
           was 40,444,600. In terms of user engagement, CMB Life APP was in the front rank among other credit card APPs in
           the banking industry.
           Remote Operation Service
           The Company provides real-time, comprehensive, prompt, and professional services to its customers via telephone,
           network, video, etc. It uses digital and intelligent technology to effectively identify customer needs, provide solutions
           quickly through intelligent robots, while allowing customer service needs to reach the corresponding points of
           business handling on APP more quickly. At the same time, the channels for customer complaints and feedback are
           further opened up, the registration and tracking section of “Consultation and Complaints (諮詢與投訴)” on the
           CMB APP is optimised, and the efficiency of problem solving is improved by solving any problems before complaints
           are filed and accompanying at critical moments. During the reporting period, the remote online omni-channel
           manual service connection rate was 98.13%, the remote online omni-channel manual service response rate within
           20 seconds was 90.99%, and the remote online omni-channel customer satisfaction rate was 99.69%.
           Smart Service System
           In terms of debit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company upgraded the intelligent
           service “Xiao Zhao (小招)” by utilising large model technology, enabling it to evolve from a wealth management
           assistant with “pre-set service routine” to a “listening and responding” banking assistant. By integrating
           professional knowledge, data and frontline service experience, “Xiao Zhao (小招)” provides intelligent services such
           as asset changes, income and expenditure inquiries, and retirement planning to meet customers’ needs in “deposit,
           loan, and remittance”, and improves problem-solving ability for customers through more flexible conversational
           interaction method.
           In terms of credit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company continued to push
           forward the digital and intelligent transformation of customer service for credit card business, and explored and
           reconstructed the interaction experience with the help of AI tools to effectively improve the quality and efficiency
           of customer services. The Company empowered employees by promoting AI technologies such as large model
           technology, and constructed digital tools for customer service employees to achieve whole-process assistance before,
           during and after the service, thereby improving service resolution capabilities. By constantly improving the ability of
           scenario-based robots to solve complex issues, the Company continuously optimised the human-robot collaboration
           model of “Xiao Zhao (小招)” assistant of CMB Life APP, used AI “digital” capabilities to predict user needs in real
           time, and gave full play to the advantages of “human” in emotional communication and handling complex issues,
           so as to provide customers with more intelligent and more warm-hearted services.
            Major wholesale online channels
            The Company focuses on the digital transformation needs of corporate treasury management and continues to
            optimise the two major service channels of CMB Corporate U-Bank and CMB Corporate APP. During the reporting
            period, the “intelligent, mobile and international” service abilities of corporate digital channel platform of the
            Company was continuously improved. The English version of CMB Corporate U-Bank was iterated and updated to
            provide enterprises with “lightweight”, “standardised” and “one-stop” online services. CMB Corporate APP focused
            on mobile officing and digital and intelligent services to create differentiated capabilities, and created a mobile
            revenue and expenditure ledger, catering to core needs of legal persons, executives and other key personnel of
            enterprises to provide convenient treasury services to them via the mobile terminals. As of the end of the reporting
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       71
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      period, the Company had 3,066,100 wholesale customers on the online channels, representing an increase of
      12.99% as compared with the end of the previous year. The coverage rate of wholesale customers on the online
      channels was 96.83%, representing an increase of 0.62 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
      year. During the reporting period, the Company had 1,949,400 monthly active customers of wholesale online
      channels, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.88%; the total number of wholesale transactions handled by
      the Company through online channels reached 482 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.99%; and
      the total value of wholesale transactions through online channels amounted to RMB223.24 trillion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 6.19%.



3.10.4 Overseas branches
      Hong Kong Branch
      Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch of the Company is the first branch duly established overseas by the
      Company, which can engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses. With regard to corporate banking
      business, the Hong Kong Branch provides diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposit-
      taking, settlement, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A comprehensive solutions
      and asset custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond trading and foreign exchange trading with financial
      institutions, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution customers. With respect to retail
      banking business, the Hong Kong Branch can provide personal banking services and private wealth management
      services for customers. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-in-one Card” and “Hong Kong Bank-Securities
      Express”.
      During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch served the construction of Hong Kong as an international
      financial centre, enhanced its comprehensive operating capabilities for customers, and made achievements in the
      operation of high-quality customers, wealth management business and comprehensive risk management. During the
      reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch achieved the net operating income of HKD3.196 billion.
      New York Branch
      Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
      U.S. since the implementation of U.S. Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is
      located in the global financial centre and is committed to establishing a cross-border finance platform characterised
      by coordination between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the
      companies in China and the U.S. Such services and products mainly include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign
      exchange transactions, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, working capital financing, M&A financing,
      privatisation financing, fund financing, etc. At the same time, the New York Branch actively builds a global
      service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for
      high-net-worth private banking customers.
      During the reporting period, the New York Branch actively implemented a sustainable and high-quality development
      strategy and achieved progress in customer base expansion, high-quality asset origination, risk compliance
      construction, digital transformation and improvement of profitability. During the reporting period, the New York
      Branch achieved the net operating income of USD95.0521 million.
      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border finance
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch takes
      cross-border finance and wealth management as its core businesses. In terms of cross-border finance business, the
      Singapore Branch strives to provide all-round one-stop solutions to the Chinese companies “going global” and the
      foreign companies “brought in” located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. The main services and
      products of the Singapore Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing,
      syndicated loans, M&A financing and bond underwriting, etc. In terms of wealth management business, the Private
      Banking (Singapore) Centre provided private banking products and value-added services with integrated investment
      and financing services, such as cash management, asset allocation and wealth inheritance to high-net-worth
      customers.
      During the reporting period, the Singapore Branch promoted its characteristic operation by leveraging regional
      advantages, facilitated creation of diversified value with the aid of digital transformation, focused on high-quality
      customers in respect of asset business, expanded new service scenarios in respect of liability business, and refined
      basic products in respect of settlement business. During the reporting period, the Singapore Branch achieved the net
      operating income of USD21.7785 million.
72   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           Luxembourg Branch
           The Luxembourg Branch of the Company, established in 2015, is positioned as an important cross-border finance
           platform in the continental Europe, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop financial solutions to Chinese
           companies “going global” and the companies “brought in” located in Europe. Its main services and products
           include: deposit-taking, lending, project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A consulting and bond
           underwriting, etc. The branch is also committed to building a business platform for the Company in Europe by
           combining the advantages of the Bank and European characteristics. In addition, the branch actively built a global
           service network for private banking customers and provided high-quality non-financial value-added services to
           high-net-worth private banking customers.
           During the reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch consolidated its operating foundation and made progress in
           optimising customer structure, expanding independent financing capabilities and digital transformation. During the
           reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch achieved the net operating income of EUR29.8869 million.
           London Branch
           Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company was the first branch approved to be established in the
           United Kingdom among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop
           financial solutions to Chinese companies “going global” and leading companies “brought in” located in the UK. The
           main services and products of the London Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions,
           trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans and M&A financing, etc. At the same time, the London Branch
           actively builds a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial
           value-added services for high-net-worth private banking customers.
           During the reporting period, the London Branch actively implemented the high-quality development strategy,
           continuously improved the economy of scale and operating efficiency, and achieved results in the high-quality asset
           origination, the construction of value customer base, and the construction of risk compliance system, etc. During the
           reporting period, the London Branch achieved the net operating income of USD34.7824 million.
           Sydney Branch
           The Sydney Branch of the Company was established in 2017 and was the first branch approved to be established
           in Australia among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks. The Sydney Branch managed to get a foothold in
           businesses derived from China-Australia economic, trade and investment exchanges. The Sydney Branch focuses
           on the needs of the strategic customers “going global” and top-tiered customers of Australia and New Zealand,
           creating value for customers through providing two-way cross-border financial services. The main services and
           products of the Sydney Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing,
           M&A financing and commitment, project financing, syndicated loans and fund financing, etc. At the same time, the
           branch actively builds a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial
           value-added services for high-net-worth private banking customers.
           During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch steadily improved the quality and efficiency of its operation
           by optimising asset allocation, strengthening the expansion of local customer base and promoting digital
           transformation. During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch achieved the net operating income of AUD77.2071
           million.



     3.10.5 Major subsidiaries
           The Company exercises the rights of shareholders in compliance with the law, keeps on strengthening the
           comprehensive management over the corporate governance, capital management, risk management, financial
           management and other aspects of its subsidiaries, and capitalises on the synergy of comprehensive operation to
           enhance the Group’s capabilities of providing comprehensive financial services to customers while achieving their
           own high-quality growth.
           CMB Wing Lung Bank
           Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HKD1.161 billion, and it is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. CMB Wing Lung Bank provides customers with diversified banking
           products and services, including retail and private banking, corporate banking and other banking businesses. CMB
           Wing Lung Bank also provides trust, asset management and insurance brokerage services through its subsidiaries.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HKD453.053 billion.
           Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HKD48.152 billion. During the reporting period, CMB Wing
           Lung Group realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of HKD2.292 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  73
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      CMB Financial Leasing
      CMB Financial Leasing was established in 2008 with a registered capital of RMB18 billion (During the reporting
      period, CMB Financial Leasing converted the retained profits of RMB6 billion into registered capital upon the
      approval of the relevant regulatory authorities, and the registered capital increased from RMB12 billion to RMB18
      billion). It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. CMB Financial Leasing has established three major business
      segments, namely aviation, shipping and equipment, aiming to build a financial leasing service system based
      on the “six new” industries of new energy, new infrastructure, new technology, new mobility, new intelligent
      manufacturing and new materials, so as to meet the needs of lessees to purchase equipment, promote sales,
      revitalise assets, balance tax burden and improve financial structure.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing were RMB309.784 billion and the
      net assets were RMB36.996 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB3.740 billion.
      CMB International Capital
      Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong with
      a registered capital of HKD4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
      subsidiaries mainly covers corporate financing, asset management, wealth management, global market business and
      structured financing.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HKD80.813 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to HKD16.634 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of HKD1.307
      billion.
      CMB Wealth Management
      CMB Wealth Management was established in 2019 with a registered capital of approximately RMB5.556 billion.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company and JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited held
      90% and 10% of CMB Wealth Management’s shares respectively. The business scope of CMB Wealth Management
      includes the issuance of wealth management products, the provision of wealth management consultancy and
      advisory services, and other businesses approved by regulatory authorities.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management had total assets of RMB24.071 billion and net
      assets of RMB23.102 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB2.739 billion.
      China Merchants Fund
      Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund had a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As of the end of the
      reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45% of China Merchants
      Fund’s shares, respectively. The business scope of China Merchants Fund covers fund establishment, fund
      management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB15.498 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB10.448 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.650 billion during the reporting
      period.
      CIGNA & CMAM
      CIGNA & CMAM was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB500 million, and it is an indirectly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, which is owned as to 87.3458% and 12.6542% by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance,
      a joint venture of the Company, and CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, respectively. The
      business scope of CIGNA & CMAM includes entrusted management of client’s funds, issuance of insurance asset
      management products and asset management related consultation business.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CIGNA & CMAM had total assets of RMB1.104 billion, with net assets of
      RMB849 million and achieved a net profit of RMB130 million during the reporting period.
      CMB Europe S.A.
      CMB Europe S.A. was established in 2021 with a registered capital of EUR100 million. It is a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of the Company in Europe and the regional headquarter of the Company in the European Union and
      European Economic Area. CMB Europe S.A. provides its customers with diversified financial products and services
      such as cross-border financing, M&A finance, private banking, investment management, financial markets, bond
      underwriting, trade financing, and operates and allocates the global assets of enterprises and individuals.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Europe S.A. had total assets of EUR376 million and net assets of EUR90
      million, and achieved a net profit of EUR-1,917,300 during the reporting period.
74   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     3.10.6 Major joint ventures28
              CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
              CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2003 with a registered capital
              of RMB2.8 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in CIGNA & CMB Life
              Insurance and Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company held the other 50% shares. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
              is mainly engaged in insurance businesses such as life insurance, health insurance, accident injury insurance and the
              reinsurance of the above insurances.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB214.689
              billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB14.784 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
              realised a net profit of RMB558 million.
              Merchants Union Consumer Finance
              Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2015 with a registered
              capital of RMB10.0 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in Merchants Union
              Consumer Finance and China United Network Communications Limited held the other 50% shares. Merchants Union
              Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the granting of personal consumer loans.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
              RMB163.751 billion and the net assets were RMB22.663 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB3.016 billion during
              the reporting period.



     3.11 Risk Management
              The Company adhered to a solid and prudent risk culture and risk appetite and continued to build a fortress-style
              risk and compliance management system. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office
              is responsible for reviewing bank-wide significant matters, management initiatives and strategy report on risk
              management, internal control and compliance management and anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance
              management and making decisions on business within its authority under the framework of risk appetite, strategies,
              policies and authorisations approved by the Board of Directors.
              During the reporting period, the Company maintained strategic determination. Centring on the main work of
              “enhancing capabilities, preventing risks and promoting development”, the Company continuously improved its
              risk management capabilities, increased its support for the real economy, and strengthened the risk prevention and
              mitigation in key fields. The risk indicators demonstrate positive momentum while maintaining stability.



     3.11.1 Credit risk management
              Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform their obligations
              as agreed. The Company adhered to the operation philosophy of pursuing dynamically balanced development of
              “Quality, Profitability and Scale”, adopted the prudent business strategy where returns and risks are balanced
              and risks can be ultimately covered by capital, aligned risk perception and implemented a consistent risk appetite,
              improved the full-life cycle risk management process, reinforced the capacity construction of three lines of defence
              and upgraded and optimised various management tools, so as to prevent and reduce loss from credit risk.
              During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to the changes in the risk situation and took a
              number of initiatives to ensure stable asset quality. Firstly, the Company has tamped risk management foundations
              of domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries, enhanced the application of the risk profile rating system for
              domestic branches, developed risk management guidelines for overseas branches, and refined the risk preference
              indicators system of subsidiaries. Secondly, the Company enhanced the risk management capability. In strict
              accordance with regulatory requirements and based on the actual business, the Company continuously optimised
              administrative measures such as the centralised system of credit granting and credit facility management over group
              customers, tightened risk management for its off-balance sheet business, put in place differentiated authorisation
              management requirements to consolidate the institutional foundation. Thirdly, the Company strengthened the risk
              prevention and mitigation in key fields. By virtue of the coordination mechanism of urban real estate financing
              business and a package of debt resolution proposals, the Company strengthened the management of real estate
              and local government financing businesses, further refined the scope of direct inspection by risk managers and



     28
          The major joint ventures of the Company include CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants Union Consumer Finance, and their financial data have been
          adjusted in accordance with the accounting policies of the Group, where necessary.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      75
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      conducted risk screening targeting key industries and key customer groups. Fourthly, the Company deepened the
      strategy of “dynamic rebalancing”, promoted the implementation of “one branch, one policy” principle of list-based
      customer management for assets business, and optimised asset allocation by maintaining appropriate diversification
      of asset portfolio among different industries, regions, customers and products. Fifthly, the Company promoted
      high-quality risk mitigation and disposal, implemented checklist-based management, implemented different measures
      based on different categories, expanded the channels for disposal of non-performing assets, strengthened process
      management through project responsibility system and improved the quality and efficiency of settlement, collection
      and disposal. Sixthly, the Company accelerated the digital and intelligent transformation of risk management, built
      a comprehensive risk management framework and indicator database, promoted and improved the construction of
      various risk management systems, enhanced risk measurement capability and explored intelligent risk management.
      For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.2 Management of large risk exposure
      In accordance with the Rules on Large Exposure of Commercial Banks 《(商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》                       ), large
      exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading book)
      to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier 1
      capital. During the reporting period, the Company has incorporated large risk exposure management into its overall
      risk management system, continued to optimise risk exposure measurement rules, and reported regularly on large
      risk exposure indicators and related management to regulatory authorities, so as to continuously improve the
      management of large risk exposure. As of the end of the reporting period, other than customers with regulatory
      exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single financial
      institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards of large
      risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.



3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of political, economic, social changes and incidents in a country or region that may
      cause debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations to banks, or incur losses
      to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other losses to the Company in that country
      or region.
      The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness and
      prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile and
      complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to promptly
      identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk in a regular
      manner and implement limit management, while steering business towards relatively-low-risk countries or regions.
      During the reporting period, in the face of the complex and severe international political and economic situation,
      the Company continued to pay attention to the changes in the situation of key countries or regions in the world,
      dynamically updated the country risk ratings according to the global risk changes, tightened the monitoring and limit
      control of country risk and strictly restricted the growth of business in high-risk countries or regions. At the end of
      the reporting period, the Company’s country risk exposure was mainly concentrated in relatively-low-risk countries
      or regions. The country risk would not have a significant impact on the Company’s business operation.



3.11.4 Market risk management
      The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
      risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
      Interest rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of
      various currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators,
      interest rate sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators and other risk indicators, to measure, monitor
      and manage the interest rate risk of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all
      businesses under the trading book, and are comprised of around 200 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves.
      VaR includes general VaR and stressed VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and
      adopt a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The
      interest rate stress testing scenarios include the upward parallel move, upward steep move and twisted change of
76   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           interest rates at various degrees and various unfavourable market scenarios designed based on the characteristics of
           investment portfolios. Among them, the extreme interest rate scenario may move up by 300 basis points and cover
           the extremely unfavourable conditions of the market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration
           of bonds and PV01 of bonds and interest rate derivatives (the change in the market value when an interest rate
           fluctuates unfavourably by 1 basis point). As for routine risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and
           the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk
           appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the
           Market Risk Management Department is responsible for routine monitoring and continuous reporting.
           During the reporting period, under the background of the slowdown in global economic recovery, the US Federal
           Reserve officially started an interest rate cut cycle and cut the interest rate three times during the year, with a
           cumulative reduction of 100 basis points. RMB interest rates also showed an overall downward trend, with the
           yield of China 10-year treasury bonds decreased to 1.67%. The scope of investment in the Company’s trading books
           mainly covered RMB bonds. The Company generally adopted a prudent trading strategy and prudent risk control
           measures to ensure that all interest rate risk indicators of the trading book remained within the target range.
           Banking book
           In accordance with external regulatory requirements and internal banking book interest rate risk management
           policies, the Company has established and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk management
           system, clarified the interest rate risk governance structure and established the management process of interest rate
           risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting. The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap
           analysis, duration analysis, interest rate benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario simulation and other methods to
           regularly measure and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book. The re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the
           distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities; the duration analysis monitors the duration
           of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets and liabilities of the Bank as a whole; the
           benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between different pricing benchmark interest rate
           curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such curves based on the benchmark-correlated
           coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation is the major approach for the Company
           to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a number of ordinary scenarios and stress
           scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move and the change in the shape of yield
           curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible changes in interest rates in the
           future as predicted by experts and other scenarios. The changes in net interest income (NII) and economic value of
           equity (EVE) are calculated through simulation of the scenario of changes in interest rates. The NII changes and the
           EVE changes of certain scenarios are included into the interest rate risk limit system of the Bank. In addition, the
           internal limit indicator system has included the standardised measurement indicators set out in the Guidelines on the
           Management of Interest Rate Risk of Banking Book of Commercial Banks (Revised).
           During the reporting period, with adherence to a sound and prudent interest rate risk preference, the Company
           paid close attention to changes in the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure, and
           continued to monitor and analyse various interest rate risks, especially the gap risk as a result of the mismatch of
           asset and liability re-pricing against the backdrop of interest rate decline, benchmark risk arising from inconsistent
           changes in the pricing benchmarks of products, and optionality risk due to the prepayment of customer loans
           triggered by changes in external interest rates. The Company predicted and analysed interest rate trends based on
           macro-quantitative models and experts’ research and judgement, prospectively deployed active interest rate risk
           management strategies and adjusted them flexibly considering the trend of risk exposure changes. The Company
           adjusted the structure of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and hedged interest rate derivatives off the
           balance sheet to manage risks. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s on- and off-balance-sheet
           management measures were carried out as planned, the interest rate risk level was controlled within the annual
           interest rate risk control target range, and various indicators including the stress test results were kept within the
           limits and warning values. The banking book interest rate risk was generally stable.
           Exchange rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
           factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under stress
           test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator and other risk indicators to conduct risk measurement
           and monitoring management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot
           prices, forward prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market risk value indicators
           comprise general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using historical simulation
           based on a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days.
           Exchange rate stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every transaction currency
           against RMB, and changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major option-sensitive indicators include Delta,
           Gamma, Vega and other indicators. For routine management, we set annual limits on authority associated with
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      77
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      exchange rate risks under the trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according
      to the risk appetite, business planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk
      Management Department to perform routine monitoring and on-going reporting.
      During the reporting period, the RMB exchange rate remained basically stable at a reasonable and balanced level,
      and the exchange rate of RMB against the U.S. dollar showed two-way fluctuations. Affected by the interest rate
      cut policy of the US Federal Reserve and other factors, the U.S. dollar index strengthened again in the fourth
      quarter, causing a certain impact on the RMB exchange rate. The Company’s trading book mainly obtained the
      spread income through the foreign exchange client flow trading, and implemented rigorous internal control and
      management through a well-established and efficient management system, and closely monitored changes of limit
      indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-loss indicator. All exchange rate risk indicators of the Company’s trading
      book were within the target range as of the end of the reporting period.
      Banking book
      The Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test, and other
      methods for measurement and analysis of exchange rate risk of its banking book. The foreign exchange exposure
      measurement uses the short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation approach; scenario
      simulation and stress test analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for
      managing foreign exchange rate risk, covering the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and
      stress scenario, which include scenarios such as spot and forward exchange rate fluctuations and historical extreme
      exchange rate fluctuations of various currencies. Each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or
      loss. The effects of certain scenario simulation on the profit and loss as a share of net capital are taken as reference
      in the routine management as a limit indicator. The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant
      model parameters on a regular basis to verify the effectiveness of measurement models.
      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts
      its foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to avoid the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, studied and analysed
      the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and proposed
      a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making. During the
      reporting period, the Company increased its efforts to monitor and analyse foreign exchange exposure and imposed
      a stringent control over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about the exchange
      rate risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of foreign exchange exposure of the Company’s banking
      book was at a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company was generally stable with all the core limit
      indicators, general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.5 Operational risk management
      Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, incompetent
      personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
      Company’s operational risk management is based on the management principles of prudence, comprehensiveness,
      matching and effectiveness, strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement
      internal control system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent losses from
      operational risk. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors,
      the Company will, through measures such as improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening risk
      prevention and control in key areas, conducting in-depth risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment
      and evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, further improve operational risk
      management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
      During the reporting period, by striving for the goal of preventing losses arising from systematic operational risk
      and major operational risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. Firstly,
      the Company revised the group-level operational risk management policies of the Company and formulated the
      “Measures for Administration of Operational Risk of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”, “Management Regulations
      on Operational Risk Position of China Merchants Bank”, “Measures for Administration of Operational Risk Events
      and Losses of China Merchants Bank”, “Measures for Administration of Operational Risk Self-assessment of
      China Merchants Bank” and other rules and regulations in accordance with the “Rules on Capital Management
      of Commercial Banks” and the “Rules on Operational Risk Management of Banking and Insurance Institutions”.
      Secondly, the Company focused on risk control in key business areas, strengthened the management for the
      corporate fund supervision business and cooperative institutions, and put forward targeted suggestions regarding
78   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           risk management improvement. Thirdly, the Company strengthened outsourcing risk management and reviewed
           the risk of outsourcing business of the Bank. Fourthly, the Company focused on network security and data security,
           reinforced system operation risk management, enriched key risk indicators, and consolidated the foundation of
           technology security management. Fifthly, the Company further improved management on business continuity by
           organising the review of business impact analysis and risk assessment, optimising and adjusting the list of major
           businesses and major systems, and increasing scenarios for risk assessment on business continuity. Sixthly, the
           Company improved the management tools and functions of the system to enhance its digitalisation capability.



     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company is unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
           timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
           management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
           more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
           and systems of the Company have satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
           Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
           management, the Company has established a liquidity risk management governance structure under which the roles,
           responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the
           Board of Supervisors, senior management, special committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure
           the effectiveness of liquidity risk management.
           During the reporting period, the central bank kept on adopting a prudent monetary policy, and the inter-bank
           market maintained reasonable and sufficient liquidity. Based on the analysis of macroeconomic and market trends,
           the Company dynamically quantified and forecasted the future risk situation, and proactively laid out the asset
           liability management strategy to achieve the balance between risk and yield. Firstly, the Company constantly
           promoted the growth of customer deposits with multiple measures adopted to enhance the origination and
           support of assets, and constantly optimised the asset-liability structure, realising the smooth operation of assets
           and liabilities. Secondly, the Company strengthened forward-looking forecasts of liquidity indicators, flexibly carried
           out active liability management of treasury based on the operation of major businesses and indicators, expanded
           diversified financing channels, and stabilised the sources of long-term liabilities through bond issuance and other
           means. Meanwhile, on the premise of ensuring the liquidity at a safe level, the Company further improved the
           efficiency of the capital utilisation through money market, bonds and fund investment. Thirdly, the Company
           strengthened the management of money market trading strategies to maintain sufficient liquidity reserves, actively
           conducted open market transactions and played the role of a primary dealer. Fourthly, the Company strengthened
           liquidity risk monitoring and management for business lines, overseas branches and subsidiaries with reasonable
           control of maturity mismatches. Fifthly, the Company continued to carry out liquidity emergency management, and
           effectively improved the ability to respond to liquidity risk events.
           As of the end of the reporting period, all liquidity indicators of the Company met the regulatory requirements
           and the Company had sufficient funding sources to meet the needs of sustainable and healthy development of its
           business. In accordance with the requirements of the PBOC, the Company’s statutory reserve requirement ratio
           for RMB deposit was 6%, and the statutory reserve requirement ratio for foreign exchange deposit was 4%. The
           Company’s liquidity indicators operated well. Deposits maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves were sufficient
           and overall liquidity was at a safe level.
           For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
           statements.



     3.11.7 Reputational risk management
           Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders, the
           public and the media due to behaviors of the Company, its employees or external incidents, which is detrimental
           to the brand value and normal operation of the Company, or, to the extent, affects the market and social stability.
           Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance and the overall risk management
           system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by the Company and its
           subsidiaries. The Company has established and formulated the reputational risk management rules and system
           by taking the initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and coping with any incidents in relation to
           reputation, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.
           During the reporting period, the Company strictly fulfilled the requirements of the “Rules on Reputational Risk
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      79
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Management of Banking and Insurance Institutions”, further developed the reputational risk management system
      following the management principles of forward-looking, full-coverage, matching and effectiveness, and enhanced
      its capability of managing reputational risk. Firstly, the Company adhered to a prevention-first approach, taking
      early steps, paying attention to early and minor issues and conducting regular inspections to identify risks in a timely
      manner and improve the quality and efficiency of potential risk disposal. Secondly, the Company strengthened
      public opinion events monitoring, optimised monitoring methods, redoubled monitoring efforts, and enhanced
      the proactiveness in public opinion events monitoring and risk response. Thirdly, the Company emphasised on
      addressing both symptoms and root causes. In addition to properly handling of public opinion events, the Company
      also investigated the causes thereof, pushing for improvements in operation management and services. Fourthly,
      the Company reinforced coordination and empowerment by intensifying reputation risk management trainings
      among Head Office departments, branches and subsidiaries. The Company strengthened contingency drills for public
      opinion events and established a coordinated mechanism for public opinion events management across various
      regions, continuously elevating the professional and standardised levels of reputation risk management.


3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material financial
      losses, and reputational losses as a result of failing to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Company
      set up three lines of defence for compliance management comprising business lines, compliance management
      department and auditing department through the establishment of a reticulate management structure comprising
      the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors, the Risk and Compliance Management
      Committee, heads of compliance, compliance officers as well as compliance supervisors of the Head Office and
      its branches, thereby forming a compliance management organisational system with well-developed organisation,
      clearly defined rights and responsibilities, reasonable work allocation and mutual coordination and collaboration.
      Meanwhile, through system management, compliance risk assessment and monitoring, construction of compliance
      culture, management of employee behavior and system building, the Company continuously improved compliance
      risk management techniques and optimised management procedures and established a complete and effective
      compliance risk management system to achieve effective control of compliance risks.
      During the reporting period, in the face of the severe and complex domestic and international environment, risk
      and challenges, the Company took active coping measures and continued to consolidate its internal control and
      compliance management system through various measures. The first was to establish a system for internalising
      external regulations, strengthen the interpretation and conveyance of the new regulatory requirements, and
      reinforce the implementation of the new regulatory requirements in the Company. The second was to keep a close
      eye on legal compliance reviews, effectively identify, evaluate and prevent the compliance risks of new products,
      new businesses and major projects. The third was to organise diversified compliance culture publicity events of
      “compliance with laws and disciplines”, and continuously reinforce employee behavior management. The fourth was
      to tighten up supervision, inspection, rectification and accountability procedures, promote the implementation of
      relevant work mechanisms, and improve the quality and efficiency of inspection and rectification. The fifth was to
      continuously deepen the digitalisation of internal control and compliance, and lay a solid foundation for high-quality
      development of the Company.


3.11.9 Money laundering risk management
      Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be exposed to because of being used by the three
      types of activities, namely “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of
      conducting business and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering
      risk management mechanism, including a money laundering risk management structure with clear responsibilities
      assumed by the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, senior management, functional departments, branches
      and subsidiaries, an anti-money laundering system with comprehensive coverage, an effectively operating risk
      assessment and dynamic monitoring mechanism, scientific and reasonable anti-money laundering data governance
      mechanism, targeted management strategy of customers and businesses associated with high risks, advanced and
      efficient IT system support, independent inspection and auditing mechanism, as well as continuous anti-money
      laundering training and promotion mechanism, so as to provide compliance guarantee for the Company’s stable
      operations.
      During the reporting period, the Company proactively fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and constantly
      improved the quality and efficiency of its money laundering risk management. The Company optimised the money
      laundering risk management policies and procedures, and improved the anti-money laundering mechanism in
      strict compliance with the laws and regulations and regulatory requirements in relation to anti-money laundering.
      Based on the money laundering risk assessment of the institution, the Company identified and assessed high-risk
      customers, businesses, channels and regions, and identified and analysed management loopholes and weaknesses,
      so as to formulate improvement measures to enhance the effectiveness of money laundering risk management and
      coordinate their implementation. The Company organised anti-money laundering inspections and strengthened
      the closed-loop management of “inspection-rectification-verification”, focusing on promoting money laundering
      risk management of high-risk customers and businesses. The Company deepened the AI application, improved the
      tools for monitoring suspicious transactions and endeavoured to enhance the quality and efficiency of suspicious
80   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              transaction monitoring and analysis. The Company continued to increase technology input in key anti-money
              laundering fields, upgraded and iterated the system functions of anti-money laundering platforms, and empowered
              business lines, branches and sub-branches to carry out proactive management. Additionally, the Company also
              continued to promote the deployment of the Group’s anti-money laundering system in the overseas branches and
              subsidiaries, so as to safeguard the unified implementation of the Group’s anti-money laundering policies in the
              overseas branches and subsidiaries.



     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
              In 2024, facing pressures such as steepening interest rate declines and insufficient domestic demand, China’s
              banking industry adhered to prudent operations while promoting high-quality development of the real economy. The
              industry maintained rapid growth in asset scale, although revenue and net profit growth continued to face pressure,
              and the overall asset quality remained stable. In 2025, China’s banking industry will steadfastly follow the path
              of financial development with Chinese characteristics, actively implement macro-control policies, fully support the
              development of new quality productive forces and the “five major articles”, orderly and effectively prevent risks, and
              promote high-quality development of China’s financial sector.
              Looking ahead to 2025, on the international front, the new Trump administration may continue to support the
              resilience of the U.S. economy, but it also brings reflationary pressures, limiting the US Federal Reserve’s room
              for rate cuts. Japan has basically overcome the long-term deflation, and the Bank of Japan may continue to raise
              interest rates. Attention should be paid to the impact of the tighter liquidity for Japanese yen on asset valuations
              around the globe. The European economies remained weak, and the interest rate level of the European Central
              Bank will still have room to fall. The US-European interest rate spread will continue to support a relatively strong US
              dollar.
              On the domestic front, with active policy support, supply and demand in the economy are expected to become
              more balanced, with both volume and price recovering in tandem. Exports face challenges from U.S. tariffs on
              Chinese goods, while the initial stages of global supply chain restructuring will provide support, which may lead to a
              moderate convergence in China’s economic growth. The importance of domestic demand in China has significantly
              increased, and consumption is boosted by policies, thus economic momentum is expected to rise markedly.
              Infrastructure investment is expected to maintain relatively high growth, manufacturing investment growth is
              expected to remain elevated, and the decline in real estate investment may marginally narrow. Macro policies are
              expected to become more proactive and effective, with fiscal policy continuing to ramp up efforts and becoming
              more supportive. Meanwhile, monetary policy will be moderately accommodative, with timely cuts in reserve
              requirement ratio and interest rate reductions. In summary, the coordinated efforts of various policies will stabilise
              market expectations, stimulate vitality, and act as a driving force to promote high-quality development, bringing
              new opportunities for the banking industry.
              Based on the macroeconomic situation and internal development goals, the Company plans to increase both the
              total deposits from customers, and the total loans and advances to customers by approximately 7% to 8% in 2025.
              In 2025, the Company aims to benchmark itself against world-class commercial banks, further advance the
              value creation bank strategy, and forge first-class strategic execution capabilities, customer service capabilities,
              management capabilities, innovation capabilities, talent capabilities, and technological capabilities. At the same time,
              the Company will actively cultivate values, business philosophies, and corporate culture, creating more and greater
              value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners, and the society, and contributing to the construction of a
              financial powerhouse and the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics.
              Firstly, the Company will seize market opportunities and serve the steady improvement of the real
              economy. The Company will seize opportunities from the launch of a batch of incremental policies aimed at
              expanding domestic demand, stabilising the market, mitigating risks, and ensuring people’s livelihoods, expand
              input of resources, continuously innovate and improve specialised and differentiated product and service systems,
              maintain reasonable growth in credit supply and substantive improvement in quality, and continuously enhance the
              ability, quality, and effect of serving the real economy. The Company will focus on policies and market opportunities
              such as the “Two Renewal Campaigns” and “Two Major Plans”,29 capitalising on special refinancing facilities
              for stock repurchases and buybacks, policies to stabilise the property and stock markets, and those to promote
              consumption, while working hard to realise the “whitelist” expansion and efficiency enhancement for real estate
              financing and formulate targeted service plans. The Company will continue to excel in technology finance, green
              finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, and digital finance, i.e., the “five major articles”. The Company aims
              to serve the national strategy for regional coordinated development and support the industrial cluster development
              trend, improve differentiated policies and mechanisms, and enhance the survival, competitiveness, and development
              capabilities of branches and sub-branches in key regions.


     29   “Two Renewal Campaigns” refers to large-scale equipment renewals and consumer goods trade-in programs. “Two Major Plans” refers to the plans to
          execute major national strategies and build security capacity in key areas.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  81
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Secondly, the Company will forge advantages and promote balanced and synergistic development of
      the four major segments. The Company will continuously expand the leading systematic advantages of the
      retail finance sector, continuously strive towards the goal of becoming “the best retail bank in China driven by
      innovation, leading the market, and with an excellent brand”, and accelerate the innovation and upgrading of
      products, services, and models. The Company will continue to build specialised advantages in corporate finance,
      expand high-quality customer groups, strengthen specialised products, upgrade the service system, and enhance
      differentiated competitiveness. The Company will promote the investment banking and financial markets segments
      to further tap market potential, strengthen professional, systematic, and ecological construction, and create new
      growth poles. The Company will benchmark its the wealth management and asset management segments to the
      first-class level, drive transformation and upgrade, and continuously expand, optimise, and strengthen the business.
      Thirdly, the Company will strengthen comprehensive risk management and consolidate a fortress-style
      comprehensive risk and compliance management system. The Company will strengthen comprehensive risk
      management, keep pace with the times, make forward-looking research and judgements, and strictly guard against
      various risks, adhere to the “substance over form” doctrine, reach to the underlying assets, and reach every
      institution and level, ensuring that risk management is comprehensive and all inclusive. The Company will prevent
      and resolve risks in key areas, as well as optimise business and risk strategies in real estate, local government
      debt, and other areas in a timely manner in line with the latest national and regulatory policies. The Company will
      proactively prevent risks associated with retail credit, industries with supply-demand mismatches, and the stock,
      bond and foreign exchange markets, conduct risk monitoring and early warning, and ensure the steady business
      development. The Company will strengthen internal control and compliance management, intensively carry out
      the “Compliance Performance Year” activities, continuously adapt internal rules to fit with external regulations,
      continuously improve the compliance management mechanism, strictly regulate and effectively strengthen
      accountability management, and further strengthen risk control over sanctions and anti-money laundering. The
      Company will advance the digital and intelligent transformation of risk and compliance management, continuously
      promote system construction, improve various measurement models, and explore the application of AI technologies
      such as large language models.
      Fourthly, the Company will adhere to strict management and strengthen the guarantee for high-quality
      development. The Company will strengthen asset-liability management, further construct the asset-liability
      management system from a customer perspective, achieve multi-objective balance management, and maintain
      a leading net interest margin and stable liquidity indicators. The Company will strengthen cost management,
      vigorously build a lean and standardised cost management system, and establish a secure long-term mechanism.
      The Company will strengthen budget and performance management, strengthen strategic orientation, budget
      setting, comprehensive coverage, and closed-loop management. At the same time, the Company will put emphasis
      on team management, building a “professional, diverse, market-driven, and international” talent management
      system. The Company will strengthen consumer rights protection management, vigorously carry out the “Complaint
      Management Campaign”, organically integrate consumer rights protection management into business operations,
      and effectively enhance the service capabilities of the Bank. The Company will upgrade operations management,
      pursue smart operations, continuously strengthen centralisation and intensification of operations, and enhance
      customer experience.
      Fifthly, the Company will accelerate transformation through the “Four Initiatives”, and build sustainable
      development capabilities. The Company will accelerate “the Internationalisation Initiative”, continuously
      improve the cross-border financial service system, boost the internationalisation level of management and talent
      and enhance global service capabilities. The Company will extensively advance “the Comprehensive Operation
      Initiative”, fully leverage the advantages of a fully-licensed bank and a full spectrum of business to strengthen
      the service capabilities and competitive advantages of the Group, provide customers with comprehensive services,
      while promoting the development of all business segments and units and striving for more diversified and stable
      income streams. In particular, the Company will create competitive strengths through “the Differentiation
      Initative”, adhere to differentiated development positioning, and focus on segment markets and key regions.
      Meanwhile, the Company will focus on differentiated competition in key areas, develop its distinctive advantages,
      drive broader progress from key areas, so as to achieve stronger overall competitiveness. The Company will
      accelerate transformation through “the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative”, build a powerful foundation
      of digitisation and intelligence of “cloud + AI + middle office”, develop leading large model capabilities, actively
      explore “AI + finance” and “people + digital intelligence” models, drive the all-around digital and intelligent
      upgrade of product service and business management, and build a Digital & Intelligent CMB.
Employee value stands as
the bedrock of all value.
Seamlessly integrating employees’
personal development with the Bank’s
growth to build the “best bank in
employee development”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                                  83
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

4.1 ESG Review
         The Company adheres to the concept of social responsibility of “originating from society and repaying society”,
         takes “being committed to sustainable finance, enhancing sustainable value and contributing to sustainable
         development” as the sustainable development goal, integrates the concept of Environmental, Social and Governance
         (ESG) into the daily operation and management of the Company, constantly improves the sustainable development
         management mechanism, fully communicates with stakeholders, effectively fulfills corporate social responsibility and
         continuously promotes high-quality financial development.
         In 2024, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to grade AAA. In 2024, the Company achieved the social
         contribution value of RMB16.92 per share (calculated on the Group’s statistical calibre)30.
         For further information on the ESG of the Company, please refer to China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Sustainability
         Report 2024 published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited and the Company.



4.2 Environmental Information
         During the reporting period, in active response to the national strategic objectives of carbon peak and carbon
         neutrality, the Company explored the establishment of a climate risk management system to incorporate ESG risks
         (including climate) into daily office operation and business development process, and formulated action plans and
         specific measures to cope with climate change from both business and operational perspectives, thereby contributing
         to the green and sustainable development of economy and society. During the reporting period, the Company
         did not experience any unexpected major environmental incidents, nor was it subject to any serious administrative
         penalties or criminal liabilities imposed by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and other relevant departments
         as a result of environmental incidents.



4.2.1 Environmental (climate) related governance framework
         The Board of Directors of the Company plays its strategic leadership role in environmental (climate) management
         and green finance, regularly reviews the sustainable development report, strategic implementation report, periodic
         report and comprehensive risk report with the Board of Supervisors, and effectively assumes its primary responsibility
         for environmental governance, climate risk management and green finance, so as to improve the Company’s
         ESG management capability and performance. At the same time, relevant special committees under the Board
         of Directors are in place to highlight the Company’s concern about environmental (climate) management, green
         finance and green operation, and provide professional opinions and advice to the Board of Directors.
         In terms of green finance, the Green Finance Business Development Committee of the Company is responsible for
         coordinating and promoting work related to green finance across the Bank, including formulating strategic plans,
         development targets, key customer bases and business operation strategies regarding green finance, and promoting
         green finance product service system and green risk management system construction, contemplating resource
         allocation and green assessment supporting policies, advancing information disclosure competency, building
         green finance brand, and enhancing the effectiveness of the Company’s ESG governance. Meanwhile, the special
         committee has set up relevant project teams that operate in close and effective coordination and collaboration.
         In terms of green operation, the Company upgraded the original “Green Operation Team” to the “Green
         Operation Management Committee”. The Green Operation Management Committee is mainly responsible for the
         planning, resolutions review, implementation and supervision related to green operation, ensuring the effective
         implementation of decisions and measures related to green operation, and coordinating 13 departments of the Head
         Office and 7 major subsidiaries to collaboratively promote the establishment of the carbon management system for
         the Company’s operation.




30
     Social contribution value per share = basic earnings per share + (taxes paid + employee expenses + interest expenses + total external donations)/total share
     capital of ordinary shares at the end of the period.
84   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           At the same time, the Company has established a green finance team at the General Office of Corporate Finance of
           the Head Office, which is responsible for the coordination and operation of the development of the green finance
           business across the Bank, including the formulation of business strategies for green customer groups and customer
           base construction, product and service system construction and asset origination, comprehensive management and
           professional talent cultivation, etc.
           Domestic and overseas branches and sub-branches and subsidiaries of the Company continue to enrich and improve
           green finance products and services according to local conditions and based on the regional characteristics and their
           own business development advantages. As of the end of the reporting period, green finance business personnel
           were appointed at the office of corporate finance of domestic branches, who were responsible for promoting the
           development of green finance business within their respective jurisdictions according to the unified arrangement of
           the Head Office.
           The Company has been actively promoting the building of green sub-branches and encouraging its branches and
           sub-branches to explore the innovation of green financial systems and mechanisms in the state-level green financial
           reform and innovation pilot zones. As of the end of the reporting period, green branches and sub-branches such
           as Longyou Green Finance Specialised Sub-branch in Quzhou (衢州龍游綠色專營支行) and Changjiang Green
           Sub-branch in Wuhan (武漢長江綠色支行) had been set up, and the Huzhou Branch had been designated as a green
           finance pilot.



     4.2.2 Environmental (climate) risk response at the business side
           During the reporting period, the Company formulated the “Credit and Investment Policies of China Merchants Bank
           for 2024 (《招商銀行2024年授信與投資政策》                )” applicable to all of the investment and financing business. The policy
           includes a special chapter on green finance, which specifies the overall objectives and specific strategies of green
           finance, and calls for the continuous improvement of policies and systems, and the effective enhancement of the
           full-process management of ESG risks (including climate risks).
           In terms of risk appetite, based on the external macro situation, changes in regulatory policies and the Company’s
           strategic planning, the Company took into account existing risk management to clarify the requirements for green
           finance.
           In terms of customer access, the Company adhered to the “one-vote veto mechanism” for ESG assessment, explicitly
           requiring projects and customers to comply with national environmental protection standards in terms of site
           selection, production processes, resource consumption and pollutant emissions, and not to intervene in “two-high
           and one-low” projects with high energy consumption, high carbon emissions and low efficiency. The Company also
           strictly reviewed enterprises in environmentally-sensitive industries with high levels of pollution and emissions. For
           projects and enterprises that do not comply with requirements of ESG (including climate) and relevant industrial
           policies, the Company shall not grant credit and shall recover the financing already granted.
           In terms of customer classification, the Company formulated the “Administrative Measures for the Green
           Classification of Corporate Customers and Loans of China Merchants Bank (          《招商銀行對公客戶與貸款綠色分類
           管理辦法》      )”, which classifies corporate customers and loans into “three colours and four categories (三色四類)”,
           including green (Friendly I and Friendly II), blue and red, in accordance with the extent of environmental impact of
           the enterprise or project, as well as the level of exposure to ESG risks in terms of energy consumption, pollution,
           land, health, safety, migration and resettlement, ecological protection, climate change, etc.
           In terms of risk monitoring, the Company comprehensively collected official information from the National
           Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Ministry of Industry and
           Information Technology and other governmental and regulatory authorities, as well as feedback from the media and
           the social public, and information from on-site surveys conducted by business personnel, to monitor and assess the
           ESG risks of investment and financing clients or projects in a dynamic manner.
           In terms of inspection and supervision, the Company formulated the “Guiding Opinions on Risk Inspection and
           Supervision for 2024 (《關於2024年風險檢查監督工作的指導意見》                       )”, clearly including green finance into the scope of
           daily risk inspection and supervision, and set up key points of relevant inspection and supervision. The development
           of green finance was included in the inspection of branches and sub-branches, so as to identify problems and urge
           them to implement rectification in a timely manner.
           In terms of special audits, the Company implemented special audits on green finance management in 2024
           to improve internal management, strengthen risk management and control, and improve the operation and
           management system of green finance.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                                85
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


4.2.3 Green finance
         In terms of green credit, during the reporting period, the Company constantly improved the management systems,
         as well as incentive and restraint mechanisms of green credit to meet the requirements of the Green Finance
         Guidelines of regulatory authorities. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s green loan balance was
         RMB488.200 billion, representing an increase of 9.03% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly
         in the fields of energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological
         environment, green upgrade of infrastructure and green services. During the reporting period, carbon emission
         reduction loans of RMB15.001 billion were issued to 118 projects, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.00%,
         resulting in a carbon emission reduction of 2,704,800 tons. During the reporting period, the Company granted
         RMB785 million of carbon emission reduction-linked loans. CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company,
         granted loans of RMB73.388 billion in green leasing business, accounting for 65.68% of total loans granted by
         CMB Financial Leasing, with a closing loan balance for green leasing business amounting to RMB144.913 billion,
         representing an increase of 19.27% as compared with the end of the previous year.
         In terms of green deposits31, the Company not only met the deposit needs of corporate customers, but also helped
         them to closely integrate environmental protection responsibilities with development practices. During the reporting
         period, the Company successfully launched green deposit services online through CMB Corporate U-Bank, and
         conducted in-depth promotion and training on green deposits to promote the implementation of green deposit
         services. As of the end of the reporting period, a cumulative amount of RMB12.162 billion in green deposits had
         been processed.
         In terms of green bonds, as at the end of the reporting period, the balance of proceeds from outstanding RMB-
         denominated green finance bonds and overseas USD-denominated green bonds within the lifetime of the
         Company amounted to RMB15.0 billion and USD1.9 billion, respectively. In addition, the balance of proceeds from
         outstanding overseas USD-denominated social responsibility bonds, sustainable development bonds and blue bonds
         of the Company amounted to USD700 million. The funds raised from the domestic and overseas ESG financial
         bonds of the Company mainly supported industries such as energy conservation and environmental protection, clean
         production, clean transportation, marine resources protection, clean energy, green upgrade of infrastructure, etc.
         During the reporting period, the Company assisted 32 companies in issuing 68 green bonds, of which the Company
         has lead-underwritten a total value of RMB24.835 billion, and the funds raised were invested in the construction
         and operation of renewable energy facilities, comprehensive utilisation of solid waste, advanced environmental
         protection equipment manufacturing, urban environmental infrastructure, building energy conservation and green
         buildings and other fields. During the reporting period, CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company,
         assisted 25 companies in issuing 30 green bonds, with a fundraising scale of USD11.024 billion, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 84.35%.
         In terms of green investment, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to practise the ESG investment philosophy,
         and actively participated in green bond investment transactions with their own funds, giving priority to assets
         that meet the requirements of the “Green Bond Endorsed Projects Catalogue (         《綠色債券支持項目目錄》         )” of the
         People’s Bank of China. As of the end of the reporting period, the green bonds held by the Company amounted to
         RMB27.713 billion, representing an increase of 16.36% as compared with the end of the previous year. CMB Wealth
         Management gave priority to the investment in green bonds. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of
         investments in green bonds was RMB18.973 billion. China Merchants Fund insisted on taking social responsibility,
         ESG guidelines and “dual carbon” strategy as the direction of product deployment. As of the end of the reporting
         period, China Merchants Fund had 10 existing ESG-related products, with an existing fund size of RMB9.177 billion.
         CMB International Capital actively promoted the transformation, upgrading and sustainable development of the
         green industry. During the reporting period, it invested in 1 green finance industry project, and newly established
         and successfully filed a green industry investment fund, with scale of fund filing of RMB360 million.
         In terms of green wealth management, as of the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 19
         existing ESG-themed wealth management products from its agency distribution, with an existing fund size of
         RMB13.134 billion. CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, proactively introduced wealth
         management products with ESG philosophy. As of the end of the reporting period, a total of 8 ESG-themed wealth
         management products had been launched by CMB Wealth Management, with an existing fund size of RMB7.691
         billion.




31
     Green deposit is a green finance product that raises funds for sustainable projects of green economy, helping drive the economic transition to low carbon,
     climate change adapted and sustainable development.
86   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


     4.2.4 Green operation
           In terms of green operation, the Company focused on the establishment of carbon management system for
           operation, consolidation of carbon emission statistics, improvement of the quality of carbon accounting, promotion
           of the implementation of carbon emission reduction measures and study of carbon offset options in accordance with
           the green operation work plan, with a view to deepening and implementing the green operation work.
           In terms of carbon management for operations, the Company further improved its governance structure, systems
           and mechanisms, management system and performance appraisal to improve its carbon management system for
           operations. The Company has formulated the “Management Measures for Carbon Accounting of China Merchants
           Bank’s Operations” to provide important institutional guarantee for green operation work. The Company has
           established a carbon management system to optimise the collection, processing and analysis of carbon emission
           sources data, and realised the digital, standardised and online access to energy consumption and emission
           information, providing reliable digital and intelligent tools for green operation work. In addition, the Company
           promoted carbon management knowledge reserve and capacity building to enrich the professional talent team.
           The performance appraisal indicators of “green operation” have been set up at the Head Office, branches and
           subsidiaries, and carbon accounting for operations was included in the data quality appraisal.
           In terms of carbon accounting for operations, the Company organised and carried out special work to improve the
           greenhouse gas data quality of its own operations at corporate levels. By reviewing the historical data of greenhouse
           gas accounting for its own operations, the Company clarified the standards and collection requirements for
           greenhouse gas emission data of its own operations, and further improved the integrity, timeliness and accuracy of
           the greenhouse gas accounting data for operations. Additionally, the Company organised subsidiaries to conduct a
           comprehensive inventory of the greenhouse gas emission sources of their own operations in the past four years, and
           sort out the greenhouse gas footprints to get a clear picture of greenhouse gas emissions for their own operations.
           In terms of carbon emission reduction for operations, the Company promoted the implementation of carbon
           emission reduction measures of key institutions with the help of the carbon emission reduction toolbox for
           operations; actively promoted green operation, enhanced the awareness of carbon emission reduction, and
           improved the management efficiency of carbon-related resources; and provided specific fund to support the energy
           conservation transformation.
           In terms of energy management, the Company comprehensively strengthened technological empowerment and
           behaviour guidance. The Company expanded the scope of use of the energy management platform and, as of the
           end of the reporting period, it realised automatic collection and real-time monitoring of electricity consumption data
           of 54 office buildings of the Head Office and branches and 174 sub-branch offices. Besides, the Company carried
           out special training on green operation, established a bank-wide communication platform, and promoted simple
           and practicable measures and experience such as energy-saving AI assistant and daily floor inspection, so as to
           comprehensively improve employees’ awareness of energy conservation.
           In terms of paper management, the Company actively promoted paper saving. In terms of paperless office, the
           Company promoted paperless office and electronic business cards function, and advocated double-sided printing.
           In terms of paperless reimbursement, the Company was the first banking financial institution in China to realise
           the transformation of the reimbursement process of “no paper invoices, no manual review and no trouble
           reimbursement (無紙單據、無人審核、無感報銷)”. During the reporting period, the Company realised 1.1381 million
           paperless reimbursements, saving 4.5524 million pieces of paper. In terms of the electronic seal, the Company has
           a self-developed electronic seal full-scenario application and anti-counterfeiting certification service system. During
           the reporting period, the electronic seal was used 127 million times, saving 183 million pieces of paper. In terms
           of paperless business operations, the Company realised the electronic business agreement through the “E-stack
           agreement management platform (E棧協議管理平台)”, and realised the paperless business operation approval and
           handover across the Bank through the “paperless platform”, saving 46.5888 million pieces of paper. In terms of
           the paperless credit card services, all personal credit card products supported paperless application, and credit card
           customers were encouraged to use electronic bills, thus saving 1.930 billion pieces of paper for paper bills during
           the reporting period. In terms of the paperless procurement, the Company gradually realised the electronification of
           the whole process of the centralised procurement and decentralised procurement across the Bank, and introduced
           third-party digital certificates to realise online bidding and contract signing, saving approximately 23.1312 million
           pieces of paper throughout the year.
           In terms of water resources management, the Company advocated the recycling of wastewater to reduce water
           resources consumption. The Head Office Tower enhanced the efficiency of peripheral cleaning and watering of
           green plants and realised intensive use of water resources through water-saving operations such as high-pressure
           water cannon cleaning and drip irrigation technology, and used air-conditioning condensate for landscape water
           replenishment after treatment.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                 87
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


         In terms of waste management, the Company continued to strengthen the management of cooking fume and food
         waste in the restaurants. Water wash hoods were installed in the restaurants at the Head Office, which effectively
         improved air quality. The Company has created a good anti-food waste atmosphere by putting up warning signs and
         slogans and carrying out anti-waste activities, etc. The meals were prepared scientifically based on historical dining
         data to reduce waste at the source. During the reporting period, the total amount of food waste of the restaurants
         at the Head Office decreased by 36.97% year-on-year.



4.3 Social Responsibility Information
4.3.1 Serving the real economy
         The Company closely followed the transformation and development trend of the national economy, firmly complied
         with the requirements of national policies, and increased loan extension in key areas such as green economy,
         manufacturing, technological innovation and inclusive economy for small- and micro-sized enterprises, so as to
         continuously improve the quality and efficiency in serving the real economy. As of the end of the reporting period,
         the Company’s balance of loans extended to manufacturing industry was RMB641.476 billion, representing an
         increase of 15.56% as compared with the end of the previous year; and balance of loans extended to sci-tech
         enterprises was RMB590.456 billion, representing a 9.73% increase as compared with the beginning of the year.
         The Company provided comprehensive financial services to 56,600 “specialised, refined, distinctive and innovative
         (專精特新)” enterprises (including state-level “little giants” and provincial and municipal small- and medium-sized
         enterprises that are categorised as “specialised, refined, distinctive and innovative (專精特新)” enterprises), of which
         13,760 enterprises had a loan balance of RMB242.802 billion. During the reporting period, the Company granted
         loans totalling RMB622.533 billion to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises. At the end of the reporting period,
         the balance of loans extended to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises was RMB887.679 billion, representing
         an increase of 10.37% as compared with the end of the previous year. At the same time, the Company actively
         supported the comprehensive promotion of rural revitalisation by increasing its grants in agriculture-related loans to
         promote the integrated development of urban and rural areas. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of
         the Company’s agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB241.041 billion32, representing an increase of 19.85% as
         compared with the beginning of the year, of which the balance of inclusive agriculture-related loans amounted to
         RMB23.000 billion, representing an increase of 29.06% as compared with the end of the previous year.
         CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, continuously directed the wealth management fund
         towards the real economy, particularly to support the financing of enterprises in scientific and technological
         innovation, infrastructure and energy fields that are in line with economic transformation and upgrading. As of the
         end of the reporting period, the total balance of CMB Wealth Management’s wealth management investment assets
         supporting the real economy amounted to RMB1.89 trillion.
         China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of the Company, has been actively practicing the duty and mission of serving
         the real economy, guiding the funds towards real economy-based enterprises with core technology and potential
         for sustained value growth, and towards the key areas and weak links of economic and social development, so as to
         provide “new growth engines” for the construction of a modern industrial system and the fostering of new quality
         productive forces. As of the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Fund had directly invested in strategic
         emerging industries of more than RMB91.577 billion and invested more than RMB147.708 billion in small- and
         medium-sized enterprises.
         CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company, focused on new quality productive forces in a comprehensive
         manner, and placed RMB70.669 billion in new quality productive forces leasing business for the year, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 36.13%. With the aim of supporting the high-quality development of large aircraft business
         in China, the Company delivered two C919 aircrafts to customers and became the first financial leasing company
         in the industry to provide lease financing for China’s homegrown C919 large aircraft. CMB Financial Leasing
         has vigorously carried out the integration of industry and financing and cooperated with domestic shipbuilding
         enterprises which have successfully built a total of 118 vessels, with a balance of assets of RMB20.692 billion,
         actively supporting the development of shipbuilding enterprises in China. At the same time, CMB Financial Leasing
         has closely followed the footsteps of overseas investment layout and overseas project contracting of Chinese
         enterprises, served Chinese enterprises in “going global”, and took the lead in carrying out cross-border leasing
         projects with operating leasing products, which has successfully solved overseas financing problems for Chinese
         enterprises, and expanded the market for “Made in China” equipment manufacturers.




32
     Agriculture-related loans are calculated based on the latest statistical calibre of the People’s Bank of China.
88   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, made full use of its differentiated professional advantages
           to provide corporate clients with comprehensive financial services such as sponsoring and underwriting services for
           Hong Kong listing activities, placing and rights issue of listed companies, bond issuance, asset management and
           financial advisory. During the reporting period, CMB International Capital focused on the new quality productive
           forces and the core track of supply chain (namely “strengthening and replenishing the supply chain”), and invested
           in a total of 24 projects, contributing to the high-quality development of the real economy.



     4.3.2 Supporting the improvement of people’s livelihood
           In the field of education, the Company has continuously provided agency settlement services for students with
           locally granted student loan from China Development Bank from 2022, including online account opening, loan
           extension, identity verification for renewal application, loan repayment, etc. At the same time, the Company provides
           value-added services such as “Dream Building Scholarships”, employment internship support, and travel insurance
           for students with locally granted student loan from China Development Bank. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the Company has provided agency disbursement services for over RMB10 billion of national student loans
           from China Development Bank. The Company has cooperated with 167 education authorities nationwide at all
           levels to help safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of students and parents who have prepaid for lessons.
           As of the end of the reporting period, a cumulative total of 122 million times have been secured for parents’
           funds for purchasing lessons. Meanwhile, the Company has empowered more than 1,200 K12 schools through
           fintech, providing convenient digital campus services to 635,100 students and parents and helping to promote the
           digitisation of education.
           In the field of housing, the Company assisted in the implementation and risk prevention of policies related to flexible
           employees through digital means. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company cooperated with 26 housing
           provident fund centres on the contribution to the housing provident fund for flexible employees, assisted in the
           establishment of the contribution and loan system, information system and business process applicable to flexible
           employees, aiming to benefit more people with housing provident fund system. At the same time, the Company
           actively built AI intelligent customer service, intelligent approval platform, business fund management and other
           digital products and services, helping local housing provident fund centres improve their digital and intelligent level
           of operation, service and management, and providing 7×24 uninterrupted services to contributors. As of the end of
           the reporting period, the Company engaged in digital cooperation with 107 housing provident fund centres.
           As one of the banks cooperating with the National Housing Provident Fund Public Service Platform of the Ministry of
           Housing and Urban-Rural Development, the Company continued to provide services such as account inquiry, offsite
           transfer and continuation, information inquiry and authorisation for contributors, and joined in the promotion of
           the personal certification of housing provident fund featuring “showing code, serving you (亮碼可辦)”. During the
           reporting period, the number of people served online by the Company’s housing provident fund scenario reached
           11,106,000.
           In the field of medical insurance, the Company assisted in promoting the activation and application of medical
           insurance code, and provided insured persons with online services such as medical insurance code activation,
           payment and inquiry, and launched the QR code display by long-pressing the CMB APP icon, so as to continuously
           optimise operational convenience. The Company also participated in the broad-range promotion of medical
           insurance, and supported insured persons in various provinces to pay medical insurance premiums via APP and
           outlets. With the introduction of large language model and artificial intelligence technology, the Company facilitated
           the medical insurance organisations to improve their management efficacy, and supported “nearby service (就近辦)”
           and “on-line service (掌上辦)” for medical insurance, making the medical insurance services more warm-hearted
           and precise. As of the end of the reporting period, a total of 30.0809 million electronic medical insurance vouchers
           (medical insurance codes) were activated, serving 18.6569 million insured persons during the reporting period.
           The Company actively cooperated with the labour regulation agency to carry out labour security work, continued to
           deepen the comprehensive financial services for migrant workers’ wages supervision, and assisted local government
           authorities in solving the issue of “arrears of wages” for migrant workers. As of the end of the reporting period,
           the Company guaranteed the payment of wages for migrant workers amounting to RMB291.600 billion and served
           13.5868 million migrant workers.
           Please refer to section 3.10.2 “Retirement finance business” for details of retirement finance business.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                              89
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


4.3.3 Accessibility to financial services
      The Company continued to iterate and upgrade its “people + digital intelligence” service capability and experience.
      The Company provided services to customers through its offline outlets, as well as one-to-one manual answering
      through telephone channels such as the 95555 Remote Operation Service Centre. The Company also provided 24/7
      online services through various APPs, and strived to meet the financial and non-financial needs of people through
      offline outlets and online channels.
      In terms of offline channels, the Company continued to promote the construction and layout optimisation of
      domestic branches and sub-branches. During the reporting period, 13 new outlets were opened and over 100
      existing outlets were relocated and optimised. Through scientific enhancement of outlet location and layout and
      steady progress of outlet establishment, the scope of effective coverage of our outlets was further expanded and
      more efficient offline financial services were offered to customers.
      In terms of online channels, for elderly customers, the Company actively pushed forward the elderly-oriented
      transformation of service channels in order to render professional and considerate elderly-friendly services to elderly
      customers. Through proactive identification in 95555 hotline and provision of a more convenient customised service
      menu, the Company can help elderly customers quickly access the exclusive elderly-friendly manual service line.
      During the reporting period, the Company provided elderly customers with 427,600 telephone and text quick-access
      services, with a dedicated telephone line access rate of 98.25% and a customer satisfaction rate of 99.58%. In the
      customer service interface of the CMB APP “Elderly Version”, the Company customised a personalised welcome
      message for elderly customers, pushed birthday gift activities and wealth management and general consulting
      questions according to customers’ needs, enlarged the font size of some text on the customer service interface to 1.3
      times to make the interface of the APP clearer and more convenient for operation. At the same time, the Company
      set up a professional team for elderly-friendly services to continuously improve the elderly-friendly and accessibility
      service experience of the APP. As of the end of the reporting period, customers using the CMB APP “Elderly
      Version” totalled 1.9586 million. For visually impaired customers, the Company opened up the 95555 exclusive
      customer service “green channel”, allowing customers to quickly access manual services. At the same time, trial run
      of the online and offline service linkage mode was conducted in some branches. With the linkage between online
      customer service and exclusive customer service at outlets, the visually impaired customers can access services in a
      smooth manner.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively carried out special work to optimise payment services, focusing
      on key areas such as cash services and foreign currency exchange, and provided high-quality, efficient and
      convenient payment services to customer groups such as the elderly and expatriates in China. The Company provided
      comprehensive services in exchange for small changes and set up convenient processing channels. The Company
      actively participated in the construction of demonstration zones for payment services at key airports. In addition,
      CMB APP “English Version” and English voice customer service were launched with a focus on the core scenarios of
      users to enhance payment convenience for expatriates in China.



4.3.4 Network, information and data security
      The Board of Directors of the Company has always attached great importance to the work related to network,
      information and data security. The Board of Directors and its special committees have strengthened the performance
      of relevant responsibilities in terms of strategic guidance and risk management and have specified the relevant
      responsibilities in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. During the reporting period, the
      “Data Governance Work Summary for 2023 and Work Plan for 2024” and “China Merchants Bank Data Security
      Management Regulations (Revised and Consolidated Version)” were reviewed and approved.
      The Company has established the Information Security Management Committee, chaired by the President and the
      Chief Information Officer as the Executive Vice Chairman, responsible for the coordination and management of
      the network and data security. The Information Security Management Committee has set up a data security team
      led by the Information Technology Department at the Head Office, responsible for coordinating and promoting the
      management of data security throughout the Bank.
      The Company established a comprehensive network security management framework covering four major areas,
      including Internet service security, intranet security, office security and third-party security, and continuously
      researched on security management, emergency response and disposal work. The Company established an all-
      around network security defence system, continuously carried out network security operation, monitored, responded
      to and addressed various network security threats and attacks, formulated contingency plans for typical network
      security scenarios and conducted emergency drills annually.
90   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           The Company has established a comprehensive data security technical protection system based on data classification,
           covering all aspects of the data life cycle, including data collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision,
           deletion and destruction. Following the principle of minimum and necessary data collection, the Company has
           vigorously promoted commercial password protection, regularly launched data backup and recovery drills, effectively
           implemented technical protection measures such as access control, data desensitisation, digital watermarking, log
           monitoring and other measures, and upgraded the management level of storage media destruction, monitored and
           dealt with data security risks. The Company has regularly launched emergency drills for data security incidents, built
           solid basic data security protection capabilities, and effectively implemented various substantive risk controls to
           strictly prevent data leakage.
           During the reporting period, the Company did not have any major incident of cybersecurity, information and data
           security.



     4.3.5 Customer privacy protection
           The Risk and Capital Management Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company effectively fulfills
           its function of information technology security risk management, including privacy protection. At the specific
           implementation level, for retail customers, an integrated team of personal information protection has been
           established at the Head Office, comprising the General Office of Retail Finance, the Information Technology
           Department and the Legal Compliance Department, which coordinated with the data security working group at the
           Head Office, and was responsible for overall planning, guiding and coordinating the personal information protection
           management across the Bank. For corporate customers, the General Office of Corporate Finance of the Head
           Office took the lead in data security and privacy protection of corporate customer information, while the business
           management departments of the corporate business were responsible for the protection of corporate customer
           information in their respective areas of competence. Where the information of associated natural person was
           involved in the corporate business, the relevant requirements for the protection of corporate personal information
           shall be followed.
           The Company put a high value on customer privacy protection. For retail customers, the Company protected the
           legitimate rights and interests of individual customers to access, correct and delete their personal information,
           and each business management department established a convenient mechanism for accepting and processing
           applications from individual customers to exercise their rights. Individual customers may exercise the rights of access,
           correction and deletion of personal information through 95555 hotline, CMB APP “Xiao Zhao (小招)”, email address
           at apppersonalprivate@cmbchina.com, outlets and other online and offline channels. Unless otherwise stipulated
           by laws and regulations, the relevant methods of exercising rights have been clearly provided in the policies and
           systems such as the “Privacy Policy for Retail Business and APP Users of CMB” and “Instructions for Applying to
           Open a Personal Bank Account of CMB”. For corporate customers, the Company protected customers’ rights to
           access, correct, delete, restrict, revoke authorisation and refuse to process their information. Customers have the
           right to access, correct and update information through counters, CMB Corporate App and other channels, unless
           otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations and regulatory policies. On the Company’s product and service pages,
           customers can directly erase or delete bound corporate accounts, message logs, buffer logs and other information.
           At the same time, they can make requests to the Company for deletion of personal information in accordance with
           specific circumstances. Users may change the scope of their authorisation for the Company to continue to collect
           personal information or withdraw their authorisation by deleting the information, turning off the device functions,
           or setting the privacy settings of the App, or they may withdraw their entire authorisation for the Company to
           continue to collect personal information by cancelling the user’s account.
           The Company protected retail customers’ and corporate customers’ information by adopting security measures
           that comply with industry standards. Security technology measures, such as encryption and de-identification,
           were adopted to ensure that customer information handling activities were lawful and compliant, and to prevent
           unauthorised access and the leakage, alteration and loss of customer information.
           During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material leakage of customer privacy.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                           91
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


4.3.6 Consumer rights protection
      Consumer rights protection governance structure
      The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making body for the Company’s consumer rights protection work.
      It has established the Board of Directors’ Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee, which exercises the duties of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee and supervises the senior
      management to effectively perform their corresponding duties. The senior management of the Company unified the
      planning and deployment of the Company’s consumer rights protection works and designated a senior manager
      at the head office and each first-tier branch to be responsible for consumer rights protection work. A dedicated
      consumer rights protection department has been set up to formulate and implement relevant policies and measures.
      A comprehensive horizontal information sharing and work coordination mechanism has been established to ensure
      that the legitimate rights and interests of consumers are effectively protected.
      Management initiatives for consumer rights protection
      With the theme of the “Year for Deepening Management of Consumer Rights Protection”, the Company
      conscientiously implemented various requirements on consumer rights protection. The Company continued to
      strengthen the management of consumer rights protection during the process of operation management and
      business, actively maintained a fair and impartial financial market environment, strived to enhance the sense of
      fulfillment, security and satisfaction of customers, and promoted the high-quality development of consumer rights
      protection.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the
      Company continued to strengthen the overall planning for the management of consumer rights protection to
      improve its quality and efficiency. The Board of Directors and the Related Party Transactions Management and
      Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of Directors organised and held meetings to review 15
      issues of consumer rights protection, including the work plan of consumer rights protection and complaint analysis
      reports; the Board of Supervisors continued to enhance its supervision on the duty performance of the Board of
      Directors and senior management on consumer rights protection so as to promote the improvement of the consumer
      rights protection management capability across the Bank; the senior management deployed consumer rights
      protection work at the annual and interim work meetings for 2024 and heard the reports thereon on a monthly
      basis, effectively playing the role of coordination and organisation; and the Company reviewed complaint analysis
      reports of the Bank on a monthly basis, so as to study and resolve key complaint issues.
      During the reporting period, the Company continuously made amendments to six systems, including regulations
      on the management of consumer rights protection, consumer rights protection review and financial knowledge
      marketing and promotion, in accordance with the latest requirements of regulatory authorities and work practices,
      which further improved the framework of the consumer rights protection system with the rules of procedure of the
      Board of Directors and its specialised committees as top-level design, the Working Regulations for Consumer Rights
      Protection and Service Supervision Management Committee (      《消費者權益保護與服務監督管理委員會工作規程》                        ) as
      guideline and the Regulations on the Management of Consumer Rights Protection (    《消費者權益保護工作管理規定》               )
      as main body, supplemented by a series of supporting systems and work mechanisms, so as to promote the effective
      implementation of consumer rights protection requirements for the management of all products and services of the
      Bank.
      The Company continued to optimise its consumer rights protection review system and improve the quality and
      efficiency of consumer rights protection review through applying the intelligent review and text extraction
      technology, establishing a sensitive word database, and simplifying the task scheduling process. Throughout the
      year, a total of 180,900 consumer rights protection reviews were completed with a 100% coverage of products
      and services. The Company timely identified and took the initiative to remind customers of potential issues that may
      harm consumer rights in financial products and services before their launch, and effectively played the role in risk
      prevention.
      During the reporting period, the Company firmly carried out financial knowledge promotion and guidance activities,
      designated the 15th day of each month as the theme day for financial knowledge promotion across the Bank,
      actively organised and carried out financial knowledge promotion activities at different levels, through multiple
      channels, and of multiple types, made full use of its own channels such as outlets, CMB APP, CMB Life APP, the
      official website and WeChat Channels, and contextualise the financial knowledge promotion within daily life
      scenarios of consumers to popularise financial knowledge and convey rational investment concepts. The Company
      carried out a total of 34,700 online and offline promotion and guidance activities across the Bank, reaching
      consumers for 565 million times.
92   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


              During the reporting period, the Company continued to advance its digital transformation of consumer rights
              protection, applied big data, artificial intelligence, process transformation, robotic process automation and other
              technologies to improve the quality and efficiency of consumer rights protection; optimised and iterated the
              complaints management system and multi-dimensional data analysis reports, carried out special governance of key
              complaints, improved the ability to trace and rectify complaint; and revised and issued the “Management Measures
              for Customer Complaint of China Merchants Bank (Seventh Edition)” (    《招商銀行客戶投訴管理辦法(第七版)》                 ), further
              improved the diversified mechanism for resolving disputes and continuously enhanced the efficiency of consumer
              complaint resolution.
              During the reporting period, the Company received a total of 206,099 complaints33 from regulatory channels, 95555
              consumer complaints channel, Credit Card Centre as well as other channels, of which 41.84% of the complaints
              were related to debit card business, 26.74% were related to credit card business, 15.29% were related to loan
              business, 5.24% were related to banking agency business, and 10.89% were related to payment and settlement,
              foreign exchange, precious metals, personal financial information and other businesses.
              The distribution by region is shown in the table below.
                                Number of                                Number of                                 Number of                              Number of
              No. Region        complaints             No. Region        complaints            No. Region          complaints          No. Region         complaints
              1    Shanghai34       66,296             12   Chengdu           3,410            23   Fuzhou              1,807          34   Wuxi               1,039
              2    Shenzhen35       28,949             13   Chongqing         3,331            24   Kunming             1,800          35   Hohhot             1,038
              3    Beijing          14,720             14   Qingdao           3,295            25   Foshan              1,789          36   Nanning              866
              4    Nanjing           6,846             15   Hefei             2,883            26   Ningbo              1,681          37   Nantong              764
              5    Wuhan             6,423             16   Suzhou            2,694            27   Xiamen              1,600          38   Guiyang              691
              6    Guangzhou         6,364             17   Changsha          2,687            28   Taiyuan             1,444          39   Yinchuan             614
              7    Hangzhou          5,979             18   Harbin            2,641            29   Yantai              1,368          40   Haikou               614
              8    Xi’an             5,366             19   Nanchang          2,614            30   Changchun           1,267          41   Quanzhou             551
              9    Jinan             4,101             20   Zhengzhou         2,458            31   Lanzhou             1,262          42   Wenzhou              509
              10   Shenyang          3,749             21   Dalian            2,124            32   Urumqi              1,258          43   Tangshan             381
              11   Tianjin           3,446             22   Dongguan          1,879            33   Shijiazhuang        1,177          44   Xining               324



     4.3.7 Rural revitalisation
              The Company resolutely fulfilled the working requirements from the Central Committee of the Communist
              Party of China and the State Council on targeted assistance and rural revitalisation. Focusing on the “five major
              revitalisations”, namely rural industry revitalisation, talent revitalisation, cultural revitalisation, ecological revitalisation
              and organisation revitalisation and according to the idea of “Education paving the way, healthcare safeguarding,
              industrial support, and livable environment creation”, the Company formulated the “CMB 2024 Rural Revitalisation
              Work Plan”, which specified the objectives, targets of the assistance and work measures, explored new assistance
              approaches with the evolving needs, and consolidated and expanded the results of poverty alleviation.
              The Company focused on education, medical care, industry, ecology, talent and other fields related to people’s
              well-being. In line with the development plan of Wuding and Yongren counties in Yunnan, the Company helped
              improve local educational conditions, actively recruited a team of distinguished teachers and increased the level of
              education. The Company increased investment in medical infrastructure in the two counties, donated ambulances,
              hemodialysis machines, B-ultrasound machines and other equipments, and improved the three-tiered medical service
              system of the county, township, and village; relied on agricultural science and technology to promote the quality
              and efficiency of the industry, and continuously enhanced the “self-driven development” ability of the industry;
              focused on creating agricultural products and featured brands, integrating resources and concentrating efforts on
              consumption-driven assistance; and built happy communities, and helped local governments solve employment and
              livelihood issues such as industrial supporting and “the elderly and the youngster (一老一小)”. During the reporting
              period, 54 projects were implemented in Wuding and Yongren counties in Yunnan, with a direct investment of
              RMB56.0665 million.




     33
          Excluding data on complaints about the account management, negotiated repayment, credit reporting and billing standards, and repeated complaints.
     34
          Including complaints from credit card users.
     35
          Including complaints to Head Office departments.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                               93
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


4.3.8 Charity
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to participate in public welfare and charity events with a total
      external donations of RMB126,794,400, thereby contributing to the promotion of social equity and improvement of
      people’s well-being.
      Since its establishment in 2012, the Company’s “Donating Small Points for Micro Charity (小積分•微公益)” platform
      has actively responded to the call of the state and focused on social hotspots, and has launched a number of public
      welfare projects like “Free Lunch for Children (兒童免費午餐)” and “Yangfan Charity Books (揚帆公益圖書)”. As
      of the end of the reporting period, the platform had collected donations of a total of 621 million points which
      translated into donations of 2,856,100 free lunches for children and 346,500 books for public welfare.


4.3.9 Human capital development
      Talent development strategy
      The Company has always adhered to the “talent-driven bank strategy”, committed to building itself into “the
      best bank in employee development”, and focused on developing a “professional, diverse, market-driven,
      and international” talent management system. The Company strengthened talent planning and arrangement,
      continuously improved the organisational structure, prioritised human resources allocation to the front line,
      and increased staff for key areas, key branches and key positions. The Company strengthened its efforts in the
      construction of the management staff team, strictly implemented the “dual responsibilities in one post” system,
      emphasised capacity building and reinforced job rotations of management staff team in an effort to forge a high-
      quality and professional financial talent team with loyalty, integrity and responsibility. The Company reinforced
      the cultivation of professional capabilities and the mechanism of professional certification for positions, promoted
      the policy of working with certification, and facilitated talent exchange to establish a multi-level, all-round
      and structured training and development system. The Company enhanced the application of the “Six Can-do”
      mechanism (六能機制) to create an entrepreneurial environment featuring “promotion of the competent, demotion
      of the mediocre and removal of the underperforming”, thereby stimulating team vitality and enhancing cohesion
      and strength. The Company strengthened cultural inspiration, organically integrated financial culture with Chinese
      characteristics with its corporate culture, continued to create an honest environment for entrepreneurship, and
      forged a team of cadres and employees that loves, cherishes, protects and dedicates themselves to the Company.
      The Company actively embraced the opportunities of technological change and kept up talent arrangements and
      planning. Through the innovative “AI Camp”, the Company actively explored the application of artificial intelligence
      in the financial field, studied the positioning of talents in the “AI + Finance” field, built an online + offline talent
      selection model, and strengthened the recruitment planning for AI professionals.
      The Company continued to strengthen the construction of its talent team and improved the efficiency of resource
      allocation, expanding the boundaries of capabilities, and enhanced the comprehensive capabilities of employees. At
      the same time, the Company opened up inter-connection of career development channels for domestic and overseas
      employees from the Head Office, branches and sub-branches to promote the flow of talents and solve the problem
      of unbalanced business development in different regions through talent exchanges. In addition, a tiered reserve
      talent pool of management staff has been established to strengthen the construction of reserve management team.
      The Company stressed the cultivation of international talents. For talents with foreign language expertise and
      interdisciplinary professional backgrounds, special overseas talent exchange plans and expatriate programs are
      carried out to improve employees’ comprehensive abilities and command of languages, and cultivate and reserve a
      talent pipeline with international perspectives in an accelerated manner.
      Equal employment
      The Company does not judge candidates on the basis of factors unrelated to their personal qualities and working
      abilities, such as gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion and family status, and stipulates that discriminatory
      descriptions regarding image, gender, birthplace, marital and childbearing status and other aspects are strictly
      prohibited in external recruitment announcements.
94   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           Remuneration management
           The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its cultural concepts, operation targets and corporate values.
           It aims to “improve its market-based remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanisms, serve its strategic and
           business development and fully boost the motivation of its teams”. The remuneration policy adheres to the
           remuneration management principles featuring “value guidance, performance base and risk control” and reflects
           the remuneration concept of “remuneration can be increased or decreased, get more pay for more work in a flexible
           way”. At the same time, in order to mitigate various operating and management risks, the Company has established
           a mechanism related to remuneration deferred payment and performance-based remuneration recovery and
           deduction in accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management needs. The Company adheres
           to the principle of gender equality in remuneration and benefits, and sticks to the notion that gender is not a factor
           affecting remuneration and benefits. The total annual remuneration of employees includes salary, bonuses and
           benefits. The Company adjusts the salary standard of different posts according to the market situation and provides
           employees with competitive remuneration.
           Talent cultivation
           The Company has established a professional career progression system, providing employees with clear vertical
           development pathways. At the same time, systems concerning reserve talent pool, post qualification certification,
           talent exchange, and professional training have been established as important ways of talent reserve building and
           talent cultivation.
           The Company has established a reserve talent pool and supported horizontal development for employees such as
           internal transfer, skill learning and practice as well as job rotations. By sorting out the post qualification certification
           of the Bank, the Company vigorously promoted the mechanism of work with certification, and continued to improve
           the professional capabilities of its talent team. The Company also established an all-around and multi-level talent
           exchange system through short-term exchanges and domestic and overseas talent exchange programs, so as to
           enrich employees’ experience and foster comprehensive personal growth.
           The Company’s professional training mainly includes cultural values, professional ethics and security, business and
           product knowledge, leadership, compliance awareness education for employees, etc., covering the career growth
           needs of employees at different levels. At the same time, employee behavior management was further strengthened.
           During the reporting period, the Company innovated a training system with segmentation and classification-based
           trainings to promote professional capacity building across the Bank. In terms of leaders and management staff
           cultivation, the Company offered workshops and training courses for young and middle-aged management staff, as
           well as targeted and customised leadership training. In terms of key staff training, the Company launched a series
           of innovative training programs to strengthen special training for staff of overseas branches and subsidiaries, 10A
           staff and female key staff, etc. In terms of new staff training, the Company conducted trainee profile analysis and
           demand research to accurately identify the differentiated training needs of new employees from social recruiting and
           campus recruiting, and customised the training programs to effectively enhance the trainees’ learning experience.
           In 2024, the overall trainees’ satisfaction rate with the training programs for new employees was 4.94 out of a
           maximum of 5 points.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                             95
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.4 Governance Information
      The Company continues to promote the improvement of the corporate governance mechanism, adheres to the
      principle of “two consistency”, continuously improves the corporate governance level and adheres to the concept
      of stable development and prudent risk management. The Company serves the transformation and upgrading of
      the national economy and the people’s aspirations for a better life with its own high-quality development. The
      key to the Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to the principle of president assuming full
      responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, market-based operation and professionalism. The
      Company’s shareholding structure is reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviours are regulated. Established among
      the Shareholders’ General Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and the senior management is a
      structure of decision-making levels and process mechanism with clear responsibilities and boundaries, which provides
      the Company with a solid base for the continuous growth of its corporate governance capabilities and high-quality
      development.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company proactively performed its relevant duties in
      inclusive finance, green finance, data governance, human capital, consumer rights protection, social responsibilities,
      etc. The Board of Directors and its relevant special committees reviewed the “2023 Sustainable Development
      Report”, the “2023 Strategy Implementation Report”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2023 and Work
      Plan for 2024”, the “Human Resources Management and Talent Strategy Implementation Report for 2023”, the
      “Data Governance Work Summary for 2023 and Work Plan for 2024”, the “Employee Behaviour Evaluation Report
      for 2023”, the “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2023 and Work Plan for 2024”, the “Report
      on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2023”, the “2023 Consumer Complaint Analysis Report
      and Bank-wide Complaint Management Work Policy for 2024”, the “Work Plan on the Protection of Consumer
      Rights and Interests for 2024”, the full text and summary of 2023 Annual Report, the full text and summary of
      2024 Interim Report, and other relevant proposals, made solid advances in “five major articles”, continuously
      served the national strategic goal of accelerating the comprehensive green transformation of economic and social
      development and effectively ensured the implementation of development strategy, inclusive finance, green finance,
      data governance, human capital, and consumer rights protection across the Bank. The Bank worked together with
      all stakeholders to achieve high-quality development.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company studied and reviewed the “2023 Sustainable
      Development Report”, the “2023 Strategic Implementation Report”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2023
      and Work Plan for 2024”, the “Data Governance Work Summary for 2023 and Work Plan for 2024”, the “Employee
      Behaviour Evaluation Report for 2023”, the “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2023 and Work
      Plan for 2024”, the “Report on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2023”, the “2023 Consumer
      Complaint Analysis Report and Bank-wide Complaint Management Work Policy for 2024”, the “Work Plan on the
      Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2024”, the full text and summary of 2023 Annual Report, the full
      text and summary of 2024 Interim Report, and other proposals to supervise key areas including inclusive finance,
      green finance, data governance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, while focusing on the Board
      of Directors and senior management’s duty performance on the aforesaid issues, effectively fulfilling its supervisory
      responsibilities.
      For more details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter V.
Shareholder value embodies
the essence of all value.
Maintaining leading profitability to build
the “best bank in shareholders’ return”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                           97
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Corporate Governance

5.1 Corporate Governance Structure
                                                             Shareholders’ General Meeting

           Strategy and Sustainable
           Development Committee
                                                                                                                     Nomination Committee

            Nomination Committee                     Board of Directors             Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                     Supervisory Committee
         Remuneration and Appraisal
                Committee


             Risk and Capital
          Management Committee
                                                                                                                     Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                    Management Committee
              Audit Committee
                                                                                                                     Risk and Compliance
                                                                                                                    Management Committee
     Related Party Transactions Management                  Executive Office of
   and Consumer Rights Protection Committee                     President
                                                                                                              Anti-money Laundering, Sanction and
                                                                                                              Compliance Management Committee

             Shanghai Audit Division                                              Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                   IT Management Committee
                                              Audit Department

            Shenzhen Audit Division                                               Xi’an Audit Division
                                                                                                           Business Continuity Management Committee


              Nanjing Audit Division                                          Wuhan Audit Division
                                                                                                                   Digital Finance Committee



             Shenyang Audit Division                                         Chengdu Audit Division



                                                                              Fuzhou Audit Division



5.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
       During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ General Meeting, reviewed 14 proposals and
       heard 6 reports, as further described in section 5.3 “Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings”.
       During the reporting period, the Company convened 15 meetings of the Board of Directors, reviewed 103 proposals
       and heard 22 reports; convened 42 meetings of special committees under the Board of Directors, reviewed 135
       proposals and heard 28 reports; convened 1 meeting of the Chairman and Independent Directors, at which 1
       report was heard; convened 1 special meeting of Independent Directors, reviewed 2 proposals. During the reporting
       period, the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company convened the 30th meeting (22 March), the
       31st meeting (25 March), the 32nd meeting (29 April), the 33rd meeting (27 May), the 34th meeting (28 May), the
       35th meeting (14 June), the 36th meeting (19 June), the 37th meeting (27 June), the 38th meeting (27 August), the
       39th meeting (29 August), the 40th meeting (29 September), the 41st meeting (29 October), the 42nd meeting (29
       November), the 43rd meeting (27 December) and the 44th meeting (30 December), with priority giving to reviewing
       the Company’s annual financial report, profit appropriation plan, strategic implementation report, comprehensive
       risk report, risk preference implementation report, capital adequacy report, human resources management and talent
       strategy implementation report, work report of the Board of Directors, performance of duties evaluation report of
       the Board of Directors and its members, work report of the President, the report on development of inclusive finance
       and its work plan, data governance work summary and work plan, related party transactions management report,
       consumer rights protection report, sustainable development report and other relevant proposals.
98   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
     Annual Report 2024 (H share)


           During the reporting period, the Company convened 11 meetings of the Board of Supervisors, at which 40 proposals
           were reviewed and 28 reports were heard; and 4 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors,
           at which 6 proposals were reviewed.
           Having conducted thorough self-inspection, the Company was not aware of any material non-compliance of its
           corporate governance practice with laws, administrative regulations and the requirements of the CSRC regarding the
           corporate governance of listed companies during the reporting period.
           For details of the proposals reviewed by the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, please
           refer to the disclosure documents including the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the
           websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.



     5.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
           During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ General Meeting, namely the 2023 Annual
           General Meeting held in Shenzhen on 25 June 2024. The notice, convening, holding and voting procedures of the
           meeting were all in compliance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association
           of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and other relevant regulations. The meeting
           reviewed and approved 14 proposals, including the 2023 Work Report of the Board of Directors, the 2023 Work
           Report of the Board of Supervisors, the 2023 Annual Report (including the audited financial report), the 2023
           Financial Statement Report, the 2023 Profit Appropriation Plan (including the declaration of the final dividends),
           the appointment of accounting firm for the year 2024, the election of Ms. Li Jian as the Independent Non-Executive
           Director of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank, the election of Ms. Shi Dai, Ms.
           Liu Hui and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Non-Executive Directors of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of
           China Merchants Bank, the election of Mr. Zhong Desheng as the Executive Director of the Twelfth Session of the
           Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank, the election of Mr. Li Jinming as the Shareholder Supervisor of the
           Twelfth Session of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants Bank, the Related Party Transactions Report for
           2023, and the Proposal regarding the Authorisation to Issue Capital Bonds. For the relevant details of the proposals
           reviewed at the meeting, please refer to the 2023 Annual General Meeting documents, meeting circulars and the
           announcement of meeting resolutions and other disclosure documents published by the Company on the websites
           of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.



     5.4 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                                                        remuneration Whether or
                                                                                                                            before tax not received
                                                                                                                        received from remuneration
                                                                                                                         the Company        from the
                                                                                           Shareholding                    during the     Company’s
                                                                                                 at the Shareholding         reporting related parties
                                                                                           beginning of    at the end period (RMB         during the
                                   Date of                                                   the period of the period           in ten     reporting
           Name             Gender Birth (Y/M) Title                     Term of office          (share)        (share)     thousand)         period
           Miao Jianmin     Male     1965.1     Chairman                 2020.9-2025.6                –              –               –            Yes
                                                Non-Executive Director   2020.9-2025.6
           Shi Dai          Female   1967.9     Non-Executive Director   2024.8-2025.6                –              –              –             Yes
           Sun Yunfei       Male     1965.8     Non-Executive Director   2022.10-2025.6               –              –              –             Yes
           Wang Liang       Male     1965.12    Executive Director       2019.8-2025.6          300,000        300,000         296.17             No
                                                President and Chief      2022.6-2025.6
                                                  Executive Officer
           Zhu Eric Liwei   Male     1971.8     Non-Executive Director   2025.1-2025.6                –              –              –             Yes
           Huang Jian       Male     1969.8     Non-Executive Director   2025.3-2025.6                –              –              –             Yes
           Zhong Desheng    Male     1967.7     Executive Director       2024.12-2025.6         177,300        177,300         278.99             No
                                                Chief Risk Officer       2024.12-2025.6
                                                Former Executive Vice    2023.10-2024.12
                                                  President
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                            99
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                                      remuneration Whether or
                                                                                                                          before tax not received
                                                                                                                      received from remuneration
                                                                                                                       the Company        from the
                                                                                         Shareholding                    during the     Company’s
                                                                                               at the Shareholding         reporting related parties
                                                                                         beginning of    at the end period (RMB         during the
                             Date of                                                       the period of the period           in ten     reporting
      Name            Gender Birth (Y/M) Title                       Term of office            (share)        (share)     thousand)         period
      Zhu Jiangtao    Male     1972.12    Executive Director         2023.8-2025.6            198,800        198,800         279.33             No
                                          Executive Vice President   2021.9-2025.6
                                          Former Chief Risk          2020.7-2024.5
                                            Officer
      Li Menggang     Male     1967.4     Independent Non-           2018.11- (Note 1)              –              –          50.00             No
                                            Executive Director
      Liu Qiao        Male     1970.5     Independent Non-           2018.11- (Note 1)              –              –          50.00             No
                                            Executive Director
      Tian Hongqi     Male     1957.5     Independent Non-           2019.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00             No
                                            Executive Director
      Li Chaoxian     Male     1958.9     Independent Non-           2021.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00             No
                                            Executive Director
      Shi Yongdong    Male     1968.11    Independent Non-           2021.8-2025.6                  –              –          50.00             No
                                            Executive Director
      Li Jian         Female   1953.9     Independent Non-           2024.11-2025.6                 –              –            7.36            No
                                            Executive Director
      Li Jinming      Male     1968.2     Shareholder Supervisor     2024.6-2025.6                  –              –              –             Yes
      Wu Heng         Male     1976.8     Shareholder Supervisor     2016.6-2025.6                  –              –              –             Yes
      Xu Zhengjun     Male     1955.9     External Supervisor        2019.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
      Cai Hongping    Male     1954.12    External Supervisor        2022.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
      Zhang Xiang     Male     1963.12    External Supervisor        2022.6-2025.6                  –              –          40.00             No
      Cai Jin         Female   1970.7     Employee Supervisor        2021.12- (Note 2)        169,550        169,550         143.31             No
      Cao Jian        Male     1970.10    Employee Supervisor        2023.3-2025.6            158,400        158,400         178.77             No
      Yang Sheng      Male     1972.8     Employee Supervisor        2023.6-2025.6            197,700        197,700         189.98             No
      Zhao Weipeng    Male     1972.3     Secretary of the Party     2023.8 – present          56,800         56,800         279.33             No
                                            Discipline Committee
      Wang Xiaoqing   Male     1971.10    Executive Vice President   2023.7-2025.6             62,000         62,000         279.08             No
      Wang Ying       Female   1972.11    Executive Vice President   2023.11-2025.6           230,000        230,000         275.10             No
      Peng Jiawen     Male     1969.5     Executive Vice President   2023.11-2025.6           221,900        221,900         276.08             No
                                          Chief Financial Officer    2023.2-2025.6
                                          Secretary of the Board     2023.6-2025.6
                                            of Directors
      Lei Caihua      Male     1974.9     Executive Assistant        2023.11 – present        264,400        264,400         214.95             No
                                            President
      Xu Mingjie      Male     1968.9     Executive Assistant        2023.11 – present        200,000        200,000         201.71             No
                                            President
      Zhou Tianhong   Male     1967.12    Chief Information          2024.12-2025.6           204,300        204,300          11.19             No
                                            Officer
      Hu Jianhua      Male     1962.11    Former Non-Executive       2022.10-2024.1                 –              –               –            Yes
                                            Director
      Zhou Song       Male     1972.4     Former Non-Executive       2018.10-2024.7                 –              –               –            Yes
                                            Director
      Hong Xiaoyuan   Male     1963.3     Former Non-Executive       2007.6-2024.1                  –              –               –            No
                                            Director
      Zhang Jian      Male     1964.10    Former Non-Executive       2016.11-2025.2                 –              –               –            Yes
                                            Director
      Chen Dong       Male     1974.12    Former Non-Executive       2022.10-2025.3                 –              –               –            Yes
                                            Director
100   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                   remuneration Whether or
                                                                                                                                       before tax not received
                                                                                                                                   received from remuneration
                                                                                                                                    the Company        from the
                                                                                                      Shareholding                    during the     Company’s
                                                                                                            at the Shareholding         reporting related parties
                                                                                                      beginning of    at the end period (RMB         during the
                                      Date of                                                           the period of the period           in ten     reporting
            Name               Gender Birth (Y/M) Title                           Term of office            (share)        (share)     thousand)         period
            Wong See Hong Male            1953.6        Former Independent        2017.2-2024.11                   –               –           42.64              No
                                                          Non-Executive
                                                          Director
            Peng Bihong        Male       1963.10       Former Shareholder        2019.6-2024.1                    –               –                   –         Yes
                                                          Supervisor
            Luo Sheng          Male       1970.9        Former Shareholder        2022.6-2025.3                    –               –                   –         Yes
                                                          Supervisor
            Wang Yungui        Male       1963.6        Former Executive Vice     2019.6-2024.5             210,000         210,000           118.32              No
                                                          President
            Jiang Chaoyang Male           1967.12       Former Chief              2019.11-2024.5            232,400         192,400            97.75              No
                                                          Information Officer
            Notes:

            (1)   Mr. Li Menggang and Mr. Liu Qiao have tendered their resignation as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board of Directors of the
                  Company due to expiry of their terms of office. In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and the relevant requirements of the Articles
                  of Association of the Company, their resignation will become effective upon the election of the new Independent Non-Executive Director at the
                  Shareholders’ General Meeting of the Company to fill the vacancy, subject to the approval of the qualification of the new Independent Non-
                  Executive Director by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

            (2)   Ms. Cai Jin has tendered her resignation as an Employee Supervisor to the Board of Supervisors of the Company due to her age. In accordance with
                  the relevant laws and regulations and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company, the resignation of Ms. Cai Jin will
                  become effective upon the election of a new Employee Supervisor by the Employee Representative Meeting of the Company to fill the vacancy.

            (3)   The remuneration received by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were newly appointed or resigned during the reporting
                  period was calculated based on the length of their terms of office as the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company during the
                  reporting period.

            (4)   The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors and senior management of the Company is still being verified. The remaining
                  part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and payment.

            (5)   As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A Shares in the Company; the spouse of Mr. Yang Sheng held
                  143,300 A Shares in the Company; and Ms. Cai Jin held 169,550 shares in the Company, which consisted of 165,000 A Shares and 4,550 H Shares.
                  The shares held by others listed in the above table were all A Shares. The changes in the shareholding of the people listed in the above table during
                  the reporting period were all resulting from shareholding reduction.

            (6)   None of the people listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulatory authorities over the past three years.

            (7)   None of the people listed in the above table has held any share options of the Company or has been granted any of its restricted shares.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                101
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


5.4.1 New appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior
      management
      Directors
      In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Company due
      to their ages.
      In June 2024, according to the resolutions passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Ms. Li Jian
      was elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, whose qualification as the Independent
      Director was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) in November 2024; Ms. Shi
      Dai, Ms. Liu Hui and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the Company, and the
      qualifications of Ms. Shi Dai and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Directors were approved by the NFRA in August 2024 and
      January 2025, respectively; and Mr. Zhong Desheng was elected as an Executive Director of the Company, whose
      qualification as the Director was approved by the NFRA in December 2024.
      In July 2024, Mr. Zhou Song ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work
      arrangement.
      In November 2024, Mr. Wong See Hong ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company due
      to the expiry of his term of office.
      In February 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of
      work arrangement.
      In March 2025, the qualification of Mr. Huang Jian as the Director was approved by the NFRA.
      In March 2025, Mr. Chen Dong ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work
      arrangement.
      Supervisors
      In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to the change of
      work arrangement.
      In June 2024, according to the relevant resolution passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr.
      Li Jinming was elected as the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company.
      In March 2025, Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to personal work
      arrangement.
      Senior management
      In May 2024, Mr. Wang Yungui ceased to be the Executive Vice President of the Company due to reaching the
      retirement age.
      In May 2024, Mr. Jiang Chaoyang ceased to be the Chief Information Officer of the Company due to the change of
      work arrangement.
      In May 2024, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao ceased to be the Chief Risk Officer of the Company due to the change of work
      arrangement in the Bank.
      In June 2024, Mr. Zhong Desheng was appointed as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company at the 36th meeting of
      the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. In December 2024, the qualification of Mr. Zhong
      Desheng as the Chief Risk Officer was approved by the NFRA.
      In June 2024, Mr. Zhou Tianhong was appointed as the Chief Information Officer of the Company at the 36th
      meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. In December 2024, the qualification of
      Mr. Zhou Tianhong as the Chief Information Officer was approved by the NFRA.
      In December 2024, the resignation of Mr. Zhong Desheng as the Executive Vice President of the Company due to
      work arrangement and the appointments of Mr. Lei Caihua and Mr. Xu Mingjie as the Executive Vice Presidents of
      the Company were approved at the 43rd meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
      and their qualifications as the Executive Vice Presidents are subject to the approval of the NFRA.
      For details of the new appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior management, please refer
      to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong
      Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
102   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.4.2 Changes in information of Directors and Supervisors
            1.        Mr. Liu Qiao ceased to concurrently serve as the Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd. (a company
                      listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange).
            2.        Mr. Cai Hongping concurrently serves as the Independent Director of China Taiping Insurance Holdings
                      Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).
            3.        Mr. Li Jinming ceased to serve as the General Manager of CCCC Finance Company Ltd.



      5.4.3 Current positions held by Directors and Supervisors in the shareholders ’
            companies
            Name                Name of company                  Major title                                      Term of office
            Miao Jianmin        China Merchants Group Ltd.       Chairman                              From July 2020 up to now
            Shi Dai             China Merchants Group Ltd.       Director and General Manager      From October 2023 up to now
            Sun Yunfei          China COSCO Shipping             Deputy General Manager and        From August 2018 up to now
                                  Corporation Limited              Chief Accountant
            Zhu Eric Liwei      China Merchants Financial        Deputy General Manager              From September 2022 up to
                                  Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                      now
            Huang Jian          China COSCO Shipping             General Manager of Capital          From September 2016 up to
                                  Corporation Limited             Operation Department                                    now
            Li Jinming          CCCC Finance Company Ltd.        General Manager                     From September 2023 up to
                                                                                                               September 2024
            Wu Heng             SAIC Motor Corporation Limited General Manager of Finance          From August 2019 up to now
                                                                Affairs Department



      5.4.4 Biography and positions of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctoral
            degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He is an alternate
            member of the nineteenth and twentieth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao is the
            Chairman of China Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Financial
            Holdings Co., Ltd. and the Chairman of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited. Mr. Miao was an
            Executive Director and the Deputy General Manager of China Insurance (Group) Limited Company in Hong Kong,
            the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Chairman of The People’s Insurance
            Company (Group) of China Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of PICC
            Property and Casualty Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).
            Ms. Shi Dai is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Shi obtained an MBA degree from China Europe
            International Business School. She is a senior economist. She currently serves as a Director and the General Manager
            of China Merchants Group Limited. She served as the Deputy General Manager of Sinochem Group, the Vice
            Chairperson of All-China Federation of Trade Unions and concurrently the Vice Chairperson of All-China Women’s
            Federation, a member of the Standing Committee and the head of the Organisation Department of the CPC Ningxia
            Committee, and the Dean of the Party School of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region (Ningxia School of Administration).
            Mr. Sun Yunfei is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is a senior economist (researcher level) with a
            master’s degree in Business Administration from the School of Management of Fudan University. He currently serves
            as the Deputy General Manager and Chief Accountant of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He served
            as the Deputy Chief of the Economic Planning and Statistics Division, the Director of the Planning Department and
            the Deputy Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipyard (滬東造船廠), Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipbuilding (Group)
            Co., Ltd. (滬東造船(集團)有限公司), Director and Chief Financial Officer of Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding (Group)
            Co., Ltd. (滬東中華造船(集團)有限公司), Deputy Chief Accountant and Chief Accountant at China State Shipbuilding
            Corporation, Deputy General Manager of China State Shipbuilding Corporation Limited, etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  103
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Wang
      obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin University of China. He is a senior economist. He joined the
      Company in June 1995 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager, Deputy General Manager and
      General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company. He successively served as the Executive Assistant President,
      Executive Vice President and First Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2012, and started to preside
      over overall business of the Company since 18 April 2022. He has been the President of the Company since 15 June
      2022. He concurrently serves as the Company’s authorised representative in charge of matters in relation to listing
      in Hong Kong, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited, the Chairman of CMB
      International Capital Corporation Limited, Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, Vice Chairman of Merchants Union
      Consumer Finance Company Limited, Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., a Director of the
      Fourth Session of the Professional Committee for Intermediate Business of China Banking Association and Executive
      Director of the Sixth Session of the Financial Accounting Society of China, and a Deputy of the 14th Guangdong
      Provincial People’s Congress. He had served as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary of the Board of Directors, and
      Company Secretary of the Company.
      Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in International
      Business Administration from Schulich School of Business of York University in Canada. He currently serves as the
      Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., and concurrently serves as the Chairman
      of the Board of Directors of CMB Wing Lung Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of CM Houlder Insurance
      Brokers Limited, the Chairman of Shenzhen Yintong Zhihui Information Service Co., Ltd. (深圳市銀通智匯信息服
      務有限公司) and the Supervisor of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
      Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). He served as the Assistant Director of the Finance Department of
      Lenovo Group Limited, the Senior Manager of the Performance Reform Department of PricewaterhouseCoopers,
      the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd., a
      Member (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform, and the Director
      of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange).
      Mr. Huang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in Business
      Administration from Beijing Institute of Technology and is a senior accountant. He currently serves as the General
      Manager of the Capital Operation Department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He concurrently
      serves as a Director of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd., a Non-Executive Director of China Merchants
      Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a
      Non-Executive Director of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, and a Director of Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd.
      He served as the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Americas Inc., the Deputy General Manager of the Financial
      Department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, the Deputy General Manager of the Capital Operation
      Department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, etc.
      Mr. Zhong Desheng is an Executive Director and the Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He obtained a master’s
      degree in the History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and is a
      senior economist. He joined the Company in July 1993 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and
      Deputy General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the General Manager of International Business Department of the Head
      Office, the General Manager of Trade Finance Department of the Head Office and the General Manager of Offshore
      Finance Centre of the Head Office, the General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, the President of the General
      Office of Corporate Finance of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customers Department and
      the Executive Assistant President of the Company. He served as an Executive Vice President of the Company from
      October 2023 to December 2024, and he has concurrently served as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company since
      December 2024. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMB Financial Leasing.
      Mr. Zhu Jiangtao is an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Zhu holds a master’s
      degree in Economics. He is a senior economist. He joined the Company in January 2003. He successively served
      as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, the General Manager of
      Chongqing Branch, General Manager of Credit Risk Management Department of the Company, General Manager of
      Risk Management Department of the Company between December 2007 and July 2020. He served as the Chief Risk
      Officer of the Company between July 2020 and May 2024. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company
      since September 2021.
104   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree
            in Economics and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical
            Economics from Beijing Jiaotong University. He currently serves as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing
            Jiaotong University, the Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the
            Director of the China Centre for Industrial Security Research, the Director of Beijing Laboratory of National Economic
            Security Pre-Warning Project and the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects of the National Social Science Fund. He
            concurrently serves as the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology Award Foundation (光
            華工程科技獎勵基金會). He served as an Independent Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group) Joint-stock Co.,
            Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director of Yuxing InfoTech
            Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Professional
            Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
            Engineers (IEEE), an Independent Director of Hunan Copote Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
            Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai
            Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed
            on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), the Deputy Director of the Independent Board
            Committee of China Association for Public Companies, the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the Expert
            Committee of China Human Resource Development Association and the Director of the Human Capital Institute.
            Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree of
            science in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the
            Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles
            in the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He currently serves
            as the Dean of the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, a professor of Finance and Economics
            and a doctoral supervisor. He concurrently serves as a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation
            of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Centre of Chinese Kuomintang
            Revolutionary Committee, the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Listing Committee of ChiNext
            of Shenzhen Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange,
            the China Financial Futures Exchange, China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., and the Vice Chairman of the China
            Enterprise Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會). Mr. Liu served as an assistant professor
            at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the Asia-Pacific Corporate
            Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company, an assistant professor and associate professor (with tenure) at
            the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Hong Kong, an Independent Non-Executive Director of
            Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as the ZH International Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Hong
            Kong Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd., a company listed on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange, and an Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd.
            (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange).
            Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s
            degree in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime
            University, and is a senior accountant. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information
            Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance Department of COSCO Container
            Lines Co., Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial Department of COSCO Japan, the Chief
            Financial Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股(新加坡)有限公司), the General Manager of the
            Finance Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation Headquarter (中遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and
            the Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO. He concurrently served as an Independent Director of
            Nanjing Tanker Corporation under China Merchants Group (招商局南京油運股份有限公司, a company listed on the
            Shanghai Stock Exchange).
            Mr. Li Chaoxian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree in
            Industrial Economics and a master’s degree in Statistics from Renmin University of China, respectively. He is currently
            a professor and doctoral supervisor of Beijing Technology and Business University, and concurrently serves as an
            Independent Director of China World Trade Centre Company Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). He served as the Deputy Director and Director of the Finance Department of Beijing Business School,
            Deputy Dean and Dean of the School of Economics of Beijing Technology and Business University, Chief of the
            Academic Affairs Office of Beijing Technology and Business University, Vice President of Beijing Technology and
            Business University, and an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering Management Co., Ltd. (北京華
            達建業工程管理股份有限公司) (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   105
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Mr. Shi Yongdong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Shi obtained a doctoral degree
      in Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics from
      Jilin University. He is a leading talent of the national high-level special support plan, one of the Cultural Masters
      and the “Four Batches” (四個一批) Talents, and the chief expert of the major projects under the National Social
      Science Fund of China. He is currently the Dean, a Professor and a Doctoral Supervisor of the School of Finance
      and Technology of Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, and concurrently serves as a council member of
      China Finance Society, and a standing council member of the Chinese Finance Annual Meeting (中國金融學年會)
      and the Chinese Financial Projects Annual Meeting (中國金融工程學年會), and a standing council member of the
      International Symposium on Financial Systems Engineering and Risk Management (金融系統工程與風險管理國際年
      會). He served as the Deputy Dean of the School of Finance, the Director of the Applied Finance Research Centre,
      the Chief of the scientific research department and the Dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioural
      Sciences in Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, an Independent Director of Dalian Huarui Heavy Industry
      Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Bank of
      Anshan Co., Ltd.
      Ms. Li Jian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. She holds a doctorate degree in Economics.
      She currently serves as a professor of the School of Finance, a doctoral supervisor and a director of teaching
      committee at the Central University of Finance and Economics. She is the awardee of the first session of national
      master teachers, an expert entitled to the State Council Special Allowance and the awardee of the Capital Labor
      Medal. She concurrently serves as a council member of China Society for Finance and Banking and an Independent
      Director of Schroders BOCOM Wealth Management Co., Ltd. She concurrently served as the Director of the
      Consultative Committee for Economics Teaching in Vocational Schools and Junior Colleges under the Ministry of
      Education, the Deputy Director of the Consultative Committee for Teaching of Undergraduate Program in Finance
      under the Ministry of Education, an Independent Director of CITIC Securities Company Limited (a company listed on
      the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), an Independent Director of Bank of Beijing Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Director of Bank of Communications Co.,
      Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and an Independent
      Director of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited, etc.
      Supervisors
      Mr. Li Jinming is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. He is a senior accountant with a bachelor’s degree
      and a master’s degree. He currently serves as the Secretary of the Party committee and Vice Chairman (to be
      appointed) of CCCC Finance Company Ltd. He served as the Director, Chief Accountant and General Counsel of
      CCCC Investment Co., Ltd., the Deputy General Manager (Executive) of the Financial Funding Department of China
      Communications Construction Group Limited, the General Manager of the Financial Funding Department of China
      Communications Construction Group Limited and the General Manager of the CCCC Finance Company Ltd.
      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is
      a senior accountant. He is the General Manager of the Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation
      Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), and concurrently serves as the General Manager of
      SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd., a Non-Executive Director of Bank of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a
      company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director of Wuhan Kotei
      Informatics Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as the Deputy
      Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of
      Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as
      a Section Chief, Assistant to Executive Controller and the Manager of Accounting Section of Finance Department
      of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March 2005 to April 2009 and the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu
      Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015,
      and concurrently served as the Director and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華
      域汽車系統(上海)有限公司) from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Affairs
      Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
106   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in Maritime
            Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently
            an Independent Director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited, and concurrently the Director of
            Shanghai Dongsheng Public Welfare Foundation. He previously served as the Section Chief and the Department
            Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and land property company
            of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the
            General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of COSCO
            Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings Ltd., the Vice Chairman
            of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Vice President and
            General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart International Limited, the
            General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the Chairman of the Corporate
            Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
            Mr. Cai Hongping is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Journalism
            from Fudan University. He is the Chairman of AGIC Capital and concurrently serves as an Independent Director of
            Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), BYD Company
            Limited (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and China Taiping
            Insurance Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and was an Independent
            Director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange), China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
            Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and China Southern Airlines Company Limited (a company listed on
            the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Cai Hongping served
            as the Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Peregrine Investments Holdings Limited. He served as the
            Chairman of China of BNP Paribas Capital (Asia Pacific) Limited from 1998 to 2005 and served as the Chairman of
            UBS Investment Bank, Asia from 2006 to 2010, and served as the Executive Chairman of Deutsche Bank Investment
            Banking, Asia Pacific from 2010 to 2015.
            Mr. Zhang Xiang is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a doctoral degree in Mechanical
            Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and a master’s degree from the Department of Physics of
            Nanjing University. He is an elected member of the US National Academy of Engineering, a foreign member of
            the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the President of the University of Hong Kong. Mr. Zhang was the inaugural
            Ernest S. Kuh Endowed Chair Professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and the Director of the US National
            Science Foundation Nano-scale Science and Engineering Centre. He was an assistant professor at Pennsylvania State
            University in 1996, an associate professor and professor at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1999 to
            2004, an associate professor and professor at the Mechanical Engineering Department and the Institute of Applied
            Science and Technology of the University of California, Berkeley from 2004 to 2018 and a director of Materials
            Science Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from 2014 to 2016.
            Ms. Cai Jin is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Hunan University of Finance and Economics. She is an economist. She currently serves as the Inspector of the Head
            Office of the Company. In August 1992, she started her career in Shashi Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank
            of China in Hubei Province. She joined the Company in May 1995. She successively served as the Assistant General
            Manager of the Human Resources Department of the Head Office, the Deputy General Manager of the Banking
            Department of the Head Office, the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Custody Department of the Head Office
            and the Director of the Labour Union of the Head Office of the Company from April 2010 to January 2024.
            Mr. Cao Jian is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao obtained a master’s degree in International
            Finance from the Graduate School of the Financial Research Institute of the People’s Bank of China. He is a
            non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He currently serves as the General
            Manager of the Audit Department of the Company, and concurrently serves as the Supervisor of CMB Wealth
            Management and a Member of the Professional Committee under the Board of Supervisors of China Association for
            Public Companies. He joined the Company in August 2003 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager
            and Deputy General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. From November 2021 to March 2023, he
            served as the General Manager of the Shenzhen Audit Division of the Company.
            Mr. Yang Sheng is an Employee Supervisor. Mr. Yang has obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin
            University of China and is a senior economist. He is currently the Director of the General Office of Head Office of
            the Company. He joined the Company in July 1998 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the
            Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of the Human Resources Department of the Head Office of the
            Company from September 2016 to November 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                107
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Senior management
      Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Zhong Desheng, please refer to Mr. Zhong Desheng’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Zhao Weipeng is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission of the Company. Mr. Zhao holds a
      master’s degree in Management and is a senior accountant and a non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants. He successively served as the Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants
      Shipping and Enterprises Company Limited, the Manager of Planning and Finance Department of Hong Kong
      Ming Wah Shipping Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer, Deputy General Manager, Secretary of the Party
      Discipline Commission, and Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee of China Merchants Zhangzhou Development
      Zone Company Limited, Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission, Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee
      and Executive Deputy Director of the Management Committee of Zhangzhou China Merchants Economic and
      Technological Development Zone, Secretary to the Party Committee and General Manager of China Merchants
      Taipingwan Development & Investment Company Limited, Deputy General Manager (General Manager Level) of
      Finance Department (Property Rights Department) of China Merchants Group Ltd., Secretary to the Party committee
      and General Manager of China Merchants Group Finance Co., Ltd. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline
      Commission of the Company since August 2023.
      Mr. Zhu Jiangtao, please refer to Mr. Zhu Jiangtao’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Wang Xiaoqing is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a doctoral degree in Political
      Economics from Fudan University and is an economist. He worked at PICC Asset Management Company Limited
      from March 2005 to March 2020, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Risk Management
      Department, the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Portfolio Management Department, Assistant
      President and Vice President. In March 2020, he joined the Company and successively served as the General
      Manager and the Chairman of CMFM and the Executive Assistant President of the Company. He concurrently served
      as the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch of the Company from February 2023 to October 2024. He has served
      as an Executive Vice President of the Company since July 2023, and concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMFM,
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and CIGNA & CMAM.
      Ms. Wang Ying is an Executive Vice President of the Company. She obtained a master’s degree in Political
      Economics from Nanjing University and is an economist. She joined the Company in January 1997, successively
      served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch, General Manager of
      Tianjin Branch, General Manager of Shenzhen Branch and the Executive Assistant President of the Company, and
      has been serving as an Executive Vice President of the Company since November 2023.
      Mr. Peng Jiawen is an Executive Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of
      Directors of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in National Economic Planning from Zhongnan University
      of Economics and Law and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in September 2001, and successively
      served as an Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of
      the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and General Manager of the Overall Retail Management Department of
      the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance of the Head
      Office, Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance of the Head Office and concurrently General Manager
      of Retail Credit Business Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch, General Manager
      of Asset and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office and the Executive Assistant President of the
      Company. He has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since November 2023, and concurrently
      serves as the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company.
      Mr. Lei Caihua is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Investment
      Economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, a master’s degree in National Economics from
      Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, and is an economist. He joined the Company in July 1995, and
      successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Corporate Banking Department and concurrently the
      General Manager of SME Finance Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Corporate Finance Product
      Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head Office, General
      Manager of Small Enterprise Finance Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Chongqing Branch,
      Head of Topology Bank Preparatory Team, and the General Manager of Shanghai Branch. Since November 2023, he
      has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently serves as the General Manager of
      Shanghai Branch.
108   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Mr. Xu Mingjie is the Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in
            Engineering from Xi’an Jiaotong University and a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Shanghai University of
            International Business and Economics, and is a chartered certified accountant. He joined the Company in September
            1995, and successively served as the Assistant General Manager of Corporate Finance Product Department of the
            Head Office, Assistant General Manager of Investment Banking Department of the Head Office, Deputy General
            Manager of Investment Banking Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Credit Approval Department of
            the Head Office and General Manager of Risk Management Department of the Head Office. Since November 2023,
            he has served as the Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently serves as the General Manager
            of Beijing Branch.
            Mr. Zhou Tianhong is the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
            computer software from Nanjing University, and became an engineer. He joined the Company in September 1994
            and has successively served as the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and the General Manager of the
            Information Technology Department of the Head Office. Since January 2013, he served as the General Manager of
            the Information Technology Department of the Head Office. He has served as the Chief Information Officer of the
            Company since December 2024.
            Joint company secretaries
            Mr. Peng Jiawen, please refer to Mr. Peng Jiawen’s biography under the heading of “Senior management” above.
            Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained an MBA degree from
            the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional, a senior
            Fellow and a council member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute, a senior Fellow of The Chartered
            Governance Institute in the United Kingdom and is the Chairlady of the Professional Development Committee of The
            Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by The Hong Kong
            Chartered Governance Institute. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
            and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed
            companies. Ms. Ho has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and
            is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange.



      5.4.5 Remuneration policy and evaluation and incentive system for Directors,
            Supervisors and senior management
            The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors according to the “Resolution in
            Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to
            Remuneration of External Supervisors” reviewed and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting; offers
            remuneration to Executive Directors, Chairman of Board of Supervisors and other senior management according
            to the “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”. The remuneration
            consists of basic remuneration and performance-based remuneration, which shall be provided by way of deferred
            payment in accordance with regulatory requirements. At the same time, the Company has established a mechanism
            related to performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction, with the relevant Directors having recused
            themselves from the discussion of their remuneration. The Company offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors
            (excluding Chairman of Board of Supervisors) in accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of
            the Company. All of the Directors and Supervisors nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any
            remuneration from the Company. For details of the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors and the five
            highest paid individuals of the Company, please refer to Notes 11 and 12 to the financial statements.
            The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management according to the
            “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”. According to the “Measures
            on Evaluation of Performance of Directors and Supervisors of China Merchants Bank”, the Board of Supervisors
            evaluates the annual duty performance of the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance
            in the ordinary course, conducting duty performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their annual duty
            performance records (including but not limited to attendance of meetings, participation of researches, provision of
            recommendations and the term of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation Questionnaire”
            completed by each Director and Supervisor, and then reports the same to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and
            regulatory authorities. According to the “Measures on Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management of
            China Merchants Bank”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of senior management
            through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their duty performance
            information (including but not limited to major speeches and major meeting minutes) and work reports, and then
            reports the same to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and regulatory authorities.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                          109
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


5.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
      The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
      of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
      According to the enquiry, to the knowledge of the Company, all Directors and all Supervisors of the Company have
      been in compliance with the Model Code and the guidelines set by the Company during the reporting period.
      The Company has also set guidelines on the trading of the Company’s securities by Directors, Supervisors and
      relevant employees, and the contents of the guidelines are no less exacting than the Model Code.



5.4.7 Interests and short positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives
      under Hong Kong laws and regulations
      As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and Chief executives of
      the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
      (as defined in the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors,
      Supervisors and Chief executives of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO,
      or which were required to be recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or
      as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
      set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:
                                                                                                             No. of    Percentage of the        Percentage of the
                                                                     Long/                                   Shares      relevant class of   total issued ordinary
      Name            Position                     Class of shares   short position   Capacity             (shares)   shares in issue (%)               shares (%)
      Wang Liang      Executive Director           A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     300,000               0.00145                  0.00119
                      President and Chief
                        Executive Officer
      Zhong Desheng   Executive Director and       A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     177,300               0.00086                  0.00070
                        Chief Risk Officer
      Zhu Jiangtao    Executive Director and       A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     198,800               0.00096                  0.00079
                        Executive Vice President
      Cai Jin         Employee Supervisor          A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     165,000               0.00080                  0.00065
                                                   H Share           Long position    Beneficial owner       4,550               0.00010                  0.00002
      Cao Jian        Employee Supervisor          A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     158,400               0.00077                  0.00063
      Yang Sheng      Employee Supervisor          A Share           Long position    Beneficial owner     197,700               0.00096                  0.00078
                                                   A Share           Long position    Interest of spouse   143,300               0.00069                  0.00057



5.5 Board of Directors
      The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
      passed by the Shareholders’ General Meetings; formulating the Company’s major principles and policies, including
      development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, and remuneration regulations;
      deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; making annual financial budgets,
      final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and assessing members of senior management. The
      Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
      Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
      on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
      would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
      The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
      establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
      efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on key
      issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced, healthy and
      sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamically balanced development
      in “Quality, Profitability and Scale” through effective management of its strategies, risks, capital, remuneration,
      internal control, related party transactions, protection of consumer rights, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the
      Company to enhance its operation and management capabilities.
110   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.5.1 Composition of the Board of Directors and diversity policy
            As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company has fourteen members, including
            five Non-Executive Directors, three Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the five
            Non-Executive Directors are seasoned management personnel such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
            General Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer of large state-owned enterprises. They have
            extensive experience in corporate management, finance and accounting fields. The three Executive Directors have
            been engaged in financial management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six
            Independent Non-Executive Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, university professors
            and financial experts with international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the
            banking industry at home and abroad.
            The Company attaches great importance to maintaining the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and
            has incorporated diversity policy into the Articles of Association of the Company. The responsibilities performed by
            the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors are to “promote the diversity of the members of the Board
            of Directors, including but not limited to gender, age, culture, educational background and professional experience,
            and regularly review the implementation of diversity policy”. The diversified director structure of the Company has
            brought broad vision and high-level professional experience to the Board of Directors, and also maintained the
            independent elements within the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors of the Company effectively
            make independent judgements and scientific decisions when studying and deliberating major issues.
            In August and November 2024, the qualifications of Ms. Shi Dai and Ms. Li Jian as the Directors of the Company
            were approved by the NFRA respectively. As of the end of 2024, the Company has two female Directors, in line with
            the diversity requirements of the Board of Directors under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which has met the gender
            diversity target of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company acknowledges
            that a diversified structure of the Board will bring wide-ranging ideas and unique insights to the Board of Directors
            and its special committees, contribute to the quality of decision-making by the Board of Directors and its special
            committees as well as the corporate governance level, while providing a strong guarantee for the high-quality
            development of the Company. The Company will continue to promote the diversified composition of the Board of
            Directors.
            The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors shall evaluate the structure, number of members,
            composition and the implementation and effectiveness of the diversity of the Board of Directors (including multiple
            aspects such as gender, skills, knowledge and experience) at least once a year according to the operating activities,
            asset scale and equity structure of the Company, and advise on any changes to the Board of Directors to align
            with the Company’s strategy. To ensure that the Board of Directors maintains gender diversity in the long run, the
            Company will seek to identify potential female Director candidates whose skills, knowledge, experience, and other
            attributes satisfy the relevant requirements based on its own operational and management conditions and the
            structure of the Board of Directors, establishing and maintaining communication channels with potential Director
            candidates to enable timely selection when needed.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
            Management” in this report. To comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors
            have been clearly identified in all the corporate communication documents of the Company which disclose their
            names.



      5.5.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
            In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
            replaced by the shareholders at the Shareholders’ General Meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
            be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
            obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
            a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a Shareholders’ General Meeting before expiry of his/
            her term.
            A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a Shareholders’ General Meeting before the expiry of his/
            her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim made in accordance with
            contract shall not be affected).
            The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
            Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company complies
            with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    111
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
      requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
      Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the
      Board of Directors of the Company shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for
      a Director and recommend suitable candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination
      proposal, the Board of Directors shall propose election of the related candidates at a Shareholders’ General Meeting
      and submit the relevant proposal at a Shareholders’ General Meeting for review and approval.



5.5.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      As of the end of the reporting period, all incumbent Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently
      exercised their rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory
      rules, devoted sufficient time and effort to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of
      the Company were fully compliant with the requirements of the laws, administrative regulations and economic
      policies of the country, gave all shareholders fair treatment, reviewed the business operation and management
      of the Company in a timely manner, and fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative
      regulations, departmental regulations and other duties of diligence stipulated under the Articles of Association
      of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual responsibilities towards
      shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and
      the special committees under the Board of Directors was 92.73%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors and senior management,
      engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive
      Directors of the Company also gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees
      under the Board of Directors, and provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance
      and operation management of the Company, thereby providing effective guarantee on the scientific decision-making
      of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders. The
      Company is of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the PRC banking
      regulatory authorities, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the requirements
      of the Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors,
      Supervisors and Senior Management” for all of its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors and the annual duty performance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      reported the appraisal results to the Shareholders’ General Meeting.



5.5.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
      The positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company have been held by different
      persons and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules. Mr. Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Company and is responsible for leading the Board of
      Directors, ensuring that all the Directors are kept updated on issues arising at board meetings, managing the
      operation of the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a
      constructive and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in
      time, the Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors
      duly receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Wang Liang serves as
      the President and is responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and
      business plans.
112   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.5.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors, the special committees under the Board of Directors, the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the special
            meetings of Independent Directors during the reporting period. All Directors performed due diligence in their duties,
            capitalised on opportunities, tackled challenges and used their professional specialties and extensive experience to
            contribute their intelligence and strength to the operation and development of the Company. The Company has
            adopted the constructive opinions and suggestions raised by each of the Directors in aspects including strategy
            guideline, wealth management, Fintech, risk control and management, internal control and compliance, anti-money
            laundering, green finance development, inclusive finance development, ESG development, related party transactions
            management, protection of consumer rights and improvement of incentive and restrictive mechanisms, and no
            objection has been raised by any of the Directors on the matters reviewed.
                                                                           Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                  Related Party
                                                                                                                                   Transactions
                                                                                                                                  Management
                                                      Strategy and                                      Risk and                 and Consumer                             Special
                                                       Sustainable               Remuneration            Capital                         Rights    Shareholders’     meetings of
                                          Board of    Development     Nomination and Appraisal       Management            Audit     Protection         General     Independent
            Directors                     Directors     Committee      Committee   Committee          Committee        Committee    Committee           Meeting         Directors
                                                                                Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance
            Non-Executive Directors
            Miao Jianmin                     15/15             5/5           7/7                 /               /                /            /             0/1                /
            Shi Dai                            7/7             1/1             /                 /               /                /            /                /               /
            Sun Yunfei                       15/15             4/5             /                 /               /                /            /             1/1                /
            Zhou Song (resigned)               6/8             2/3             /                 /               /             3/6             /             1/1                /
            Zhang Jian (resigned)            15/15               /             /                /           14/14                /             /             1/1                /
            Chen Dong (resigned)             14/15               /             /              2/2           10/14                /             /             1/1                /

            Executive Directors
            Wang Liang                       15/15             5/5           7/7                 /               /                /            /             1/1                /
            Zhong Desheng                      2/2               /             /                 /            2/2                 /           /                /                /
            Zhu Jiangtao                     15/15               /             /                 /          11/12                 /         5/5              1/1                /

            Independent Non-
               Executive Directors
            Li Menggang                      15/15                /          7/7              2/2                /             9/9             /             1/1             1/1
            Liu Qiao                         15/15               /           7/7              2/2           13/14                 /            /             1/1             1/1
            Tian Hongqi                      15/15               /              /                /              /              9/9          5/5              1/1             1/1
            Li Chaoxian                      15/15             5/5              /             2/2               /                 /         5/5              1/1             1/1
            Shi Yongdong                     15/15               /              /                /          14/14              9/9             /             1/1             1/1
            Li Jian                            3/3               /           1/1                /               /              1/1          1/1                /                /
            Wong See Hong (resigned)         12/12               /           6/6                /               /              8/8          4/4              1/1             1/1

            Note:       During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 15 meetings, of which 5 were on-site meetings and 10
                        were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions; the special committees under the Board of Directors held a total of 42 meetings,
                        of which 17 were on-site meetings and 25 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  113
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


5.5.6 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the PRC banking regulatory authorities, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules. All the six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances
      set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company
      has received from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence.
      Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with
      the requirement of independence. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors,
      and all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period,
      the six Independent Non-Executive Directors kept communicating with the Company through attendance at the
      meetings, special research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles as Independent
      Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and its various special
      committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests and requests of
      minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the meetings
      convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to the section headed “Attendance of
      Directors at relevant meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors and
      senior management, engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the
      resolutions of the Board of Directors and others of the Company during the year.
      Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established a mechanism within the governance
      framework to ensure that the Board of Directors has access to independent views and opinions, and the
      implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism are reviewed on an annual basis. According to the “Rules
      Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the Independent Non-Executive
      Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in 2024, believing that such
      reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the progress of significant
      matters in 2024. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results achieved in 2024.
      They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the certified public
      accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major issues and formed their written opinions; they reviewed
      the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters on the agenda
      and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the
      Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



5.5.7 Corporate governance functions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
      1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
             amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
      2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
             management;
      3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
             requirements;
      4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
             Directors and employees of the Company;
      5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
             Report of Corporate Governance;
      6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
             Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
             the Company are effective.
114   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.5.8 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for the financial
            statements
            The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
            information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
            submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 to present a true view of the operating results of the
            Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
            might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.



      5.5.9 Special committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy and Sustainable
            Development Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and
            Capital Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and
            Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2024, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company gave full play to their professional
            advantages and earnestly performed various duties, actively offering advices to the Board of Directors on strategic
            guidance, Fintech, risk management, internal control and compliance, inclusive finance, green finance, related
            party transactions management, consumer rights protection, incentive and restrictive mechanisms and construction
            of the Board of Directors. During the year, these committees held a total of 42 meetings to study and review 163
            significant matters, and reported their review opinions and advices to the Board of Directors by submitting meeting
            minutes and giving presentations on-site at the meetings, hence fully performing their respective functions in
            assisting the Board of Directors to make scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company and their
            work in 2024 are summarised as follows.
            Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
            included Non-Executive Directors Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Shi Dai, Sun Yunfei, Wang Liang (Executive Director) and
            Li Chaoxian (Independent Non-Executive Director). The Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee is mainly
            responsible for formulating the operation and management goals and the medium- and long-term development
            strategies of the Company, as well as supervising and examining the implementation of its annual operation plan,
            investment plan, data governance and ESG development strategy.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium- and long-term development strategies of the Company,
                   and make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the Board of
                   Directors;
            6.     Formulate data governance strategy and major issues related to data governance;
            7.     Review the ESG development strategy and basic management system, review the ESG-related work report,
                   regularly evaluate the implementation of the ESG development strategy and promote the implementation of
                   other ESG-related work required by the regulators;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    115
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      In 2024, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
      convened five meetings, namely, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Twelfth Session
      of the Board of Directors convened its 10th meeting (7 March), the 11th meeting (19 March), the 12th meeting (23
      May), the 13th meeting (23 August) and 14th meeting (27 November). The Strategy and Sustainable Development
      Committee regularly reviewed the Company’s annual financial budget and final accounts report, annual profit
      appropriation plan, implementation of business plan, sustainable development report, report of the inclusive financial
      development and annual work plan, human resources management and talent strategy implementation report,
      the use of Fintech innovation project funds, work summary and work plan of data governance. The Committee
      revised and improved the data security management regulation, with a focus on reviewing major operation and
      management matters such as the establishment of Dubai Branch, adjustment of overseas institutions and conversion
      of undistributed profits of CMB Financial Leasing into its registered capital. The Committee remains committed to
      the strategic vision of building the best value creation bank, managing to maximise the comprehensive value of
      customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, and continuously strengthening to its differentiated
      competitive advantages in extensive wealth management and digitalisation, while solidly carrying out the “five major
      articles” and concretely building the “Malik Curve” of strategic development.
      Nomination Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Nomination Committee were Independent
      Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members
      of the Nomination Committee include Li Jian (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent
      Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a Non-Executive Director) and Wang Liang (an Executive Director). The
      Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the
      Directors and senior management, conducting preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the
      Directors and senior management, making proposals to the Board of Directors and promoting the diversity of its
      Board members.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      2.     Promote the diversity of the Board members, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
             educational background and professional experience, and review the implementation of diversity on a regular
             basis;
      3.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) on a regular basis and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
             Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
             scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
      4.     Conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Directors and senior management;
      5.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2024, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened seven meetings,
      namely, the Nomination Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 8th meeting
      (5 March), the 9th meeting (14 March), the 10th meeting (23 May), the 11th meeting (17 June), the 12th meeting
      (23 August), the 13th meeting (25 October) and the 14th meeting (26 December), at which the resolutions
      on the nomination of Ms. Shi Dai, Ms. Liu Hui, Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei, Mr. Deng Renjie and Mr. Ma Xianghui as
      Non-Executive Directors, respectively, the resolution on the nomination of Mr. Zhong Desheng as an Executive
      Director, the resolutions on the appointment of Mr. Lei Caihua and Mr. Xu Mingjie as Executive Vice Presidents,
      and the resolutions on the appointment of Mr. Zhong Desheng as the Chief Risk Officer and on the appointment
      of Mr. Zhou Tianhong as the Chief Information Officer were successively considered and approved. In addition,
      the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors regularly reviewed the members, structure and diversity
      implementation of the Board of Directors and its special committees, ensuring that the structure of the Board
      composition is in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements.
116   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            The specific process for the nomination and election of Directors of the Company is as follows: qualified nomination
            body recommends candidates for directorship to the Company, the Nomination Committee under the Board of
            Directors conducts a preliminary review of the qualifications and conditions of the candidates for directorship and
            proposes the qualified candidates to the Board of Directors for consideration, and upon consideration and approval
            by the Board of Directors, proposes the candidates for directorship to the Shareholders’ General Meeting in a
            written proposal (for details, please refer to the section of “Board of Directors” set out in the Articles of Association
            of the Company). In the selection process of candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee under the
            Board of Directors takes full consideration of the compliance of the candidates with laws, regulations and other
            relevant requirements, independence, cultural and educational background or professional experience, as well as
            the structure, number, composition and diversity of the Board of Directors, and will make recommendations on any
            proposed changes to the Board of Directors in line with the Company’s strategy.
            Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
            Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.
            The members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Liu Qiao,
            Li Chaoxian (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Chen Dong (a Non-Executive Director). The
            Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the remuneration management system
            and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the Directors and senior management,
            making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of such proposals.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
                   forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
            2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior management
                   of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
                   proposals;
            3.     Review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank;
            4.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2024, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened two
            meetings, namely the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
            convened its 12th meeting (15 March) and the 13th meeting (27 December). The Remuneration and Appraisal
            Committee under the Board of Directors is guided by the strategic objectives formulated by the Board of Directors,
            and further optimises the appraisal policy and incentive plan, guides management staff and employees to “base
            on the long-term development and grasp the present opportunities”, regularly reviews the performance-based
            remuneration recovery and deduction throughout the Bank. The Committee also deliberated and passed the proposal
            on the annual operation performance appraisal, ensuring the stable and continuous operation of the Company’s
            incentive and restraint mechanism.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                        117
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      Risk and Capital Management Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee were Zhang
      Jian, Chen Dong (all being Non-Executive Directors), Zhong Desheng (an Executive Director), Liu Qiao and Shi
      Yongdong (both being Independent Non-Executive Directors). The Risk and Capital Management Committee is
      mainly responsible for supervising the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to
      various major risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk mitigation capacity and capital management
      status of the Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the
      Company.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputational risk, country risk and
             other risks;
      2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk mitigation capacity and capital status
             of the Bank;
      3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
             the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
      4.     Submit opinions and proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital;
      5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
      6.     Evaluate, supervise and govern the risk management policies and practices of relevant overseas entities of the
             Company, including those in the United States, in accordance with overseas regulatory requirements;
      7.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2024, the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened
      fourteen meetings, namely the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of
      Directors convened its 14th meeting (13 March), the 15th meeting (19 March), the 16th meeting (28 March), the
      17th meeting (25 April), the 18th meeting (28 May), the 19th meeting (21 June), the 20th meeting (28 June), the
      21th meeting (15 August), the 22th meeting (23 August), the 23th meeting (26 September), the 24th meeting (25
      October), the 25th meeting (26 November), the 26th meeting (27 December) and the 27th meeting (27 December).
      The Risk and Capital Management Committee implemented the prudent risk management concept, actively
      implemented the objectives of the Board of Directors to “outperform the market and surpass industry peers”,
      strengthened the control of risks in key areas by holding quarterly meetings, optimised risk preferences in a timely
      manner based on changes in the external environment and its own development, and constantly strengthened the
      comprehensive risk management function. The Risk and Capital Management Committee maintained a heightened
      focus on the risks and impacts associated with local government businesses and cybersecurity, and has carefully
      listened to special reports and actively advanced the risk mitigation works; adhered to long-term and reasonable
      capital planning by regularly conducting reviews and consistently enhancing the risk compensation capability,
      and regularly reviewing reports on the internal assessment on capital adequacy, capital adequacy ratio, capital
      management planning, and the third pillar, etc.; paid close attention to the international pattern, geopolitics and
      the changes in economic situations, regularly reviewed reports on anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance,
      risk assessment of money laundering and terrorist financing, sanctions risk assessment, and compliance work of
      institutions in the United States, and effectively enhanced compliance management efforts and other various works.
118   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Audit Committee
            As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Audit Committee were Independent Non-
            Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of
            the Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi (Chairman), Li Menggang, Shi Yongdong and Li Jian (all being Independent
            Non-Executive Directors). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors of the
            Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting policies and financial position
            of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company, proposing the appointment or
            replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and internal control of the Company.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Audit the financial information and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for the annual audit
                   work, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the
                   information contained in the audited financial statements;
            2.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position;
            3.     Propose to engage or replace an accounting firm for regular audit of financial reports, and supervise and
                   evaluate its audit work;
            4.     Monitor the internal audit system and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures and work
                   effectiveness of the internal audit department;
            5.     Coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;
            6.     Examine the internal control system and put forward suggestions on the improvement of internal control;
            7.     Review and supervise the mechanism for employees to report any misconduct in respect of financial
                   statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always handles the reported
                   issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2024, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened nine meetings, namely,
            the Audit Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 12th meeting and the
            meeting for Independent Directors’ work on annual reports (12 March), the 13th meeting (19 March), the 14th
            meeting (3 April), the 15th meeting (25 April), the 16th meeting (14 May), the 17th meeting (23 May), the 18th
            meeting (22 August), the 19th meeting (25 October) and the 20th meeting (18 December). The Audit Committee,
            based on the quarterly meeting mechanism and by means of the regular report and internal and external audit
            work report, reviewed and approved the annual report, interim report and quarterly report, and supervised and
            verified the authenticity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the financial report information. The Company
            reviewed and passed the annual, interim and quarterly internal audit plans and work reports, the annual internal
            control assessment report and other proposals, and provided guidance on the key work of internal audit and
            development of digitalisation capability in order to exert a positive influence in further improving the Company’s
            internal audit level and enhancing the quality and efficiency of the audit work. The Company reviewed and
            approved the proposal of the engagement of accounting firms for 2024, reviewed the external auditor’s audit plan,
            audit results, management recommendations and other reports, discussed with the certified public accountants
            for annual auditing on important matters during the auditing, which fully capitalised on the supervisory role of
            external auditing. The Company timely targeted the problems found in internal and external audit, strengthened the
            rectification and accountability of internal self-inspection and regulatory concerns, promoted the formation of an
            effective communication mechanism between internal audit and external audit by continuously strengthening the
            communication with internal and external audit. The Company continued to maintain the communication mechanism
            with the Risk and Capital Management Committee of the Board of Directors, timely reported the key problems
            identified in the audit and worked together to eliminate blind spots in risk management, which fully played an
            important role in supervising operation and management, revealing risks and problems, improving management level
            and effectively fulfilled relevant responsibilities.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   119
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      According to “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted by
      the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties in
      preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2024:
      1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2024 and the unaudited
             financial statements of the Company;
      2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge of
             annual audit, the Audit Committee heard the report on the operation of the Company for 2024, exchanged
             opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit, reviewed
             the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues;
      3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed and
             prepared a resolution on the Company’s Annual Report for 2024 which was submitted to the Board of
             Directors for consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the
             Board of Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the
             audit work of the Company in 2024.
      Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      As of the end of the reporting period, the majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management
      and Consumer Rights Protection Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was
      chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and
      Consumer Rights Protection Committee are Li Chaoxian (Chairman), Tian Hongqi and Li Jian (all being Independent
      Non-Executive Directors), and Zhu Jiangtao (an Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and
      Consumer Rights Protection Committee is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party
      transactions of the Company and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Identify related parties according to relevant laws and regulations;
      2.     Inspect, supervise and review major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions, and
             control the risks associated with related party transactions;
      3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
             establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Company;
      4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
      5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
      6.     Listen to the report on the consumer rights protection work of the Company and consider the relevant
             resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors accordingly;
      7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
             work of the Company, senior management’s compliance with consumer rights protection obligations, and
             the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work;
      8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2024, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
      convened five meetings, namely, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 8th meeting (12 March), the 9th
      meeting (22 April), the 10th meeting (3 June), the 11th meeting (23 August) and the 12th meeting (27 November).
      The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee focused on reviewing
      the fairness of related party transactions, assisting the Board of Directors to ensure the legality and compliance of
      related party transactions management, implementing the relevant responsibilities of consumer rights protection
      according to regulatory requirements and deliberated and passed the Related Party Transactions Report for 2023, the
      List of Related Parties in 2024 and other proposals, reviewed and approved the related party transactions between
      the Company and China Merchants Group Ltd., CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited, China COSCO Shipping
      Corporation Limited., Gemdale Corporation, China Communications Construction Group Limited and other related
      parties, reviewed and approved the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2023”, the “2023 Consumer
      Complaint Analysis Report” and other resolutions, reviewed the regulatory notification document on consumer
      rights protection and the Company’s main consumer rights protection system.
120   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      5.6 Board of Supervisors
            The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the Shareholders’ General
            Meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
            legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
            management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
            creditors and other stakeholders.

      5.6.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
            As of the end of the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members,
            including three Shareholder Supervisors, three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion
            of Employee Supervisors and External Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the
            regulatory requirements. The three Shareholder Supervisors are from large state-owned enterprises where they serve
            important posts and have extensive experience in business management and professional knowledge in finance
            and accounting; the three Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management,
            and thus accumulated rich professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional
            expertise and rich practical experience in corporate governance, investment management, applied science and other
            areas. Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence
            required for their performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
            A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.

      5.6.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
            The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
            Supervisors and its related special committees, attending Shareholders’ General Meetings, board meetings and
            its special committee meetings, attending major meetings on operation and management held by the senior
            management, reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the
            senior management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
            branches of the Company and having talks with Directors and the senior management over their duty performance
            during the year, communicating with external auditors regularly, etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors
            comprehensively monitors the development strategy, operation and management status, risk management status
            and internal control and compliance status of the Company as well as duty performance of the Directors and the
            senior management, and puts forward constructive and targeted operation and management advice and supervision
            opinions.

      5.6.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of 11 meetings, of which two were on-site
            meetings and 9 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions. 40 proposals regarding development
            strategies, business operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, related party transactions,
            consolidation management, corporate governance, data governance, social responsibilities, internal audit, anti-money
            laundering and counter-terrorism financing work, consumer rights protection, evaluation of the duty performance of
            Directors, Supervisors and senior management and audit on the resignation of senior management were considered,
            and 28 special reports involving implementation of risk appetite, disposal of non-performing assets, capital adequacy
            ratio, equity management, inclusive finance, prevention and control of crimes, green finance, were delivered or
            reviewed at those meetings.
            During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ General Meeting and five on-site board
            meetings. Supervisors attended the Shareholders’ General Meeting and were present at all the on-site board
            meetings and supervised the legitimacy and compliance of convening the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the
            board meetings, voting procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, expression of opinions and voting
            details.
            During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
            independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending Shareholders’ General
            Meetings, meetings of the Board of Supervisors, and special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors,
            participating in meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its related special committees, proactively familiarising
            themselves with the operation and management and the implementation of strategies of the Company, and actively
            participating in studies and reviews on significant matters. During the adjournment of the meetings of the Board
            of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors reviewed various documents and reports of the
            Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and senior management in respect of the problems
            concerned in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in enabling the Board of Supervisors to perform their
            supervisory duties.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
            matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                 121
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


5.6.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
      The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, and
      as at the end of the reporting period, each consisting of four Supervisors, and both committees were chaired by
      External Supervisors.
      The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      included Cai Hongping (Chairman), Li Jinming, Zhang Xiang and Cai Jin. The major duties of the Nomination
      Committee are as follows: to make proposals to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of the
      Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and procedures for the election of Supervisors and deliver relevant
      proposals to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for Supervisors; to
      undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications and conditions of the candidates for Supervisors nominated
      by Shareholders and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the procedures for election of Directors; to
      evaluate the duty performance of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management, and submit reports to the
      Board of Supervisors; to supervise whether the remuneration management system and its implementation among
      the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and reasonable.
      During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held a total of two
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the report of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance of
      the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management in 2023, and reviewed and approved the proposal regarding
      the nomination of Mr. Li Jinming as the candidate for the Shareholder Supervisors of the Twelfth Session of the
      Board of Supervisors.
      The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      included Xu Zhengjun (Chairman), Wu Heng, Luo Sheng, and Cao Jian. The major duties of the Supervisory
      Committee are as follows: to formulate the specific plans for performance of supervisory duties by the Board
      of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct relevant
      examinations; to supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value
      standards and its formulation of suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company;
      to conduct supervision and assessment on the important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior
      management and their implementations, the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance
      structure and the overall risk management governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and
      their duty performance; to formulate the specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and
      risk management of the Company under the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate
      the plans for conducting resignation audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
      During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of two
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2024 and the audit
      on the resignation of senior management and other issues. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee
      under the Board of Supervisors were also present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital
      Management Committee and Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration
      and discussion of the above special committee on the financial decisions, risk management, capital management,
      internal control compliance, internal and external audit and other aspects of the Company, and offered comments
      and suggestions on some of the issues.
122   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.6.5 Independent opinions from the Board of Supervisors
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the
            financial activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board
            of Directors and the senior management of the Company pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic
            of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
            authorities.
            Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors are as follows:
            Lawful Operation
            During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the Company Law of the People’s
            Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on Commercial Banks and the Articles of Association
            of the Company, the internal control system was improved, and the decision-making procedures were lawful and
            valid. Among the Directors and senior management of the Company, no violation of relevant laws, regulations or
            the Articles of Association of the Company or actions detrimental to the interests of the Company and shareholders
            were found when performing their duties.
            Authenticity of Financial Statements
            Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young et al. separately audited the 2024 annual financial report prepared
            in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and IFRS Accounting Standards and have
            separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions. The financial reports truthfully, objectively and
            accurately reflect the financial status and operating results of the Company.
            Use of Proceeds
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.
            Purchase and Disposal of Assets
            During the reporting period, the Company was not aware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets
            which would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.
            Related Party Transactions
            In terms of the related party transactions to be disclosed during the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors
            was not aware of any conduct in contravention of the Arm’s Length Principle or detrimental to the interests of the
            Company and its shareholders.
            Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
            The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
            the Shareholders’ General Meeting in 2024, supervised the implementation of the resolutions of the Shareholder’s
            General Meeting(s), and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant resolutions passed at
            the Shareholders’ General Meeting(s).
            Internal Control
            The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank
            Co., Ltd. for 2024”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
            reasonableness and effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                123
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.7 Investigations/Surveys and Trainings Conducted by Directors and
    Supervisors during the Reporting Period
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised two investigations/surveys for
      Directors, during which the Directors visited some of the province-level and city-level branches to have deep
      understanding of the operation and management of the branches and sub-branches, reviewed reports of the
      branches on operation and management, risk management and control, internal control management, cost
      management and protection of consumers’ rights and interests and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions.
      During the reporting period, all Directors and Supervisors of the Company participated in the “Anti- Money
      Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Training” according to the requirements on duty performance,
      systematically studied the external situation of anti-money laundering, risk trends of money laundering, important
      new regulations and risk warnings on anti-money laundering in 2024, and the use of anti-money laundering
      technology, continuously enhancing the ability of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors to fulfill
      their duties in the areas of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing. The Chairman of the Board
      of Directors, all Independent Non-Executive Directors and all Supervisors of the Company reviewed the “Report
      on the Digitalisation of China Merchants Bank”, to have a comprehensive understanding of the development
      trajectory of China Merchants Bank’s digitalisation and to have an in-depth review of the development plan of
      China Merchants Bank’s digitalisation. The Company conducted specialised training for all Directors on topics such
      as anti-corruption and ESG, including green finance, to strengthen the sense of compliance of Directors in their
      daily work and to implement anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption requirements. Mr. Li Menggang, Mr. Liu
      Qiao, Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi Yongdong participated in the Follow-up Training for Independent Directors of
      Listed Companies organised by Shanghai Stock Exchange, to conduct systematic study on special topics such as
      independent director system reform of listed companies, changes in independent directors’ legal responsibilities
      under the new situation, information disclosure and independent directors’ standardised duty performance. Mr.
      Li Menggang, Mr. Tian Hongqi and Mr. Li Chaoxian participated in the capacity building training for Independent
      Directors delivered by the China Association for Public Companies, having an in-depth study of the interpretation
      on the revision of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the “Code of Professional Ethics for
      Independent Directors of Listed Companies” and the interpretation of the latest cases, etc. Mr. Li Menggang,
      Mr. Liu Qiao, Mr. Tian Hongqi and Ms. Li Jian took the specialised course on “Key Points and Suggestions on the
      Anti-Fraud Performance of Independent Directors of Public Companies” organised by Shanghai Stock Exchange,
      helping Independent Directors accurately understand the securities laws and regulations and relevant business
      rules, and improve their anti-fraud performance capabilities. Ms. Shi Dai, Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei, Mr. Huang Jian, Mr.
      Zhong Desheng and Ms. Li Jian have obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules as at 20 June 2024, and have confirmed that they understand their duties and obligations as Directors of the
      Company. Some Supervisors participated in the training course for directors, supervisors and senior management
      of listed companies under the jurisdiction of Shenzhen held by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau to conduct
      systematic study on the new “National Nine Guidelines” (新”國九條”), typical cases of listed companies, mergers
      and acquisitions and restructuring, corporate governance and common issues in annual report disclosure.
      The aforesaid investigations/surveys and trainings would be conducive to promoting the improvement of duty
      performance by the Directors and Supervisors of the Company, and ensuring that the Directors and Supervisors get
      the full picture of the information required for their duty performance and continue to make contributions to the
      Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company.



5.8 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
      Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external services provider, were the
      joint company secretaries of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Peng Jiawen is the major contact
      person of the Company on internal issues.
      During the reporting period, Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
      trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules.



5.9 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association
      During the reporting period, the Company did not amend the Articles of Association of the Company.
124   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      5.10 Communication with Shareholders
            The Company attaches great importance to communication with its shareholders, and has established an effective
            communication mechanism with investors. The Board of Directors has always adhered to strict compliance with
            regulatory requirements, performed the obligation to disclose information in compliance with the law, and constantly
            improved the quality of the disclosed information of the Company. The Company provided communication channels
            for investors through the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, hotline and “SSE E-interaction” platform,
            and in the form of shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, results road shows, investor research, securities analyst
            research, etc., which fully satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts at home and abroad to communicate
            with the Company.
            The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed and inspected the implementation of shareholder
            communication policies such as investor relations management and information disclosure during the reporting
            period of the Company, and believes that the above work of the Company is positive and effective. As of the end
            of the reporting period, the price-to-book ratio of the Company’s A shares and H shares remained among the top
            in the domestic banking industry. The Company has obtained the highest rating of A in the annual information
            disclosure evaluation of listed companies on Shanghai Stock Exchange for the eleventh consecutive year.



            Investor relations
            During the reporting period, the Company held one on-site annual general meeting, held one annual results press
            conference, one interim results exchange meeting and one quarterly results exchange meeting in the form of onsite
            meeting + webcast; nearly 4,000 investors, analysts and media reporters at home and abroad participated in the
            annual results press conference in person or online. At the press conference, the Chairman and senior management
            made in-depth presentations on the results achieved by the Company in building a “value creation bank”,
            strengthening and enhancing the capital-heavy business, optimising and expanding the capital-light business, and
            accelerating to improve the three major capabilities of “wealth management, Fintech and risk management” and
            other aspects. At the same time, they gave detailed answers to market and media concerns such as how to maintain
            differentiated characteristics, balanced development of the four major sectors, credit demand and net interest
            margin outlook, outlook on real estate asset quality, and dividend policy and other matters. The Company released
            the records of investor exchanges on its official website in a timely manner after the meeting. During the reporting
            period, the Company insisted on conducting domestic and overseas roadshows led by the senior management,
            and visited the United States, Europe, Japan, Singapore, Australia, major Chinese cities including Hong Kong to
            comprehensively, frankly and professionally communicate with various investors and respond to market concerns.
            During the reporting period, the Company participated in investment strategy meetings held by a total of 45
            investment banks and securities companies. The Company received 93 researches of securities analysts and investors
            and met with more than 1,200 institutional investors. The Company also answered hundreds of phone calls from
            its investors and processed hundreds of messages from its investors on the Company’s official website, investors’
            mailbox, and “SSE E-interaction” platform.
            The Company has recorded the above-mentioned investor reception and communication activities in accordance
            with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept the relevant documents.



            Information disclosure
            In order to strengthen the management of the information disclosure affairs, standardise the information disclosure
            procedure, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors, the Company has established a relatively
            sound system of information disclosure management in accordance with the domestic and overseas regulatory
            rules, which provides systematic safeguards and a basis for coordinating the Group’s information disclosure work.
            According to the “Management System for Information Disclosure of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the
            “Management System for Inside Information and Insiders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”, the Company
            specified the internal control procedures and management measures for the disclosure of relevant material
            information, including inside information. Meanwhile, the Company has also established a series of targeted
            operation mechanisms and workflows based on specific work requirements to ensure that internal and external
            information is circulated in an efficient, orderly and confidential manner, so as to guarantee the compliant operation
            of information disclosure to the greatest extent.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   125
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with statutory obligations of information disclosure,
      and disclosed all major issues in a truthful, accurate, complete, timely and fair manner. On the basis of statutory
      information disclosure, the Company has always attached importance to enhancing proactiveness and transparency
      in information disclosure. Guided by the investors’ needs, the Company proactively disclosed the report of the
      preliminary annual results and further strengthened the disclosure of information of concern to investors and hot
      market issues in periodic reports, focusing on strategic advocacy and performance presentation, insisting on the
      continuity and comparability of important data disclosure, and fully alerting potential risks and challenges based
      on the characteristics of bank operations, so as to provide effective information support for investors to make
      investment decisions. Meanwhile, the Company continues to optimise the form of annual report disclosure, and
      produced and released a short video named “Anchoring Value and Steady Progress” for 2023 annual report to
      further enhance the reading experience for investors. During the reporting period, in accordance with regulatory
      rules and internal rules and systems, the Company effectively managed inside information and insiders, and
      organised the registration of insiders and other related work in a timely manner.

      Investor inquiries
      Office of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank
      Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
      Tel: +86 755 8319 8888 (Transfer to the investor relations management team of the Office of the Board of
      Directors)
      Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
      Investors may login onto the page of “CMB Info – Investor Relations – Contact Us” on the Company’s official
      website (www.cmbchina.com) and click the URL link “Email” thereon to leave a message for us.



5.11 Shareholders’ Rights
      Convening of extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meetings
      An extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors upon request in writing
      by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares at such meeting.
      The Board of Directors shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
      of the Company, provide a written reply of approval or disapproval for convening an extraordinary Shareholders’
      General Meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request. If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an
      extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the
      approval for a resolution from the Board of Directors.
      If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting or fails to
      make a reply within 10 days upon receiving the request, the proposers are entitled to propose to the Board of
      Supervisors in writing to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting. If the Board of Supervisors agrees
      to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days
      upon receiving the request. If the Board of Supervisors fails to give such notice of the meeting within the specified
      timeframe, the shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares for more
      than 90 consecutive days may convene and preside over an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting on their
      own.



      Making interim proposals at the Shareholders’ General Meetings
      If the Company convenes a Shareholders’ General Meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
      3% of the total voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company at least 15
      working days before the convening of the Shareholders’ General Meeting and submit the same to the convenor.
      The convenor shall issue a supplemental notice of the Shareholders’ General Meeting within 2 working days upon
      receiving the interim proposals, and announce the contents of such proposals.
      Please refer to section 1.1.4 in Chapter I “Company Information” for the relevant contact details of making interim
      proposals to the Shareholders’ General Meetings.
126   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Convening of extraordinary board meeting
            An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of
            the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within 10 days upon receiving such
            proposal requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of the voting rights.



            Making inquiries and suggestions to the Board of Directors
            Shareholders are entitled to inquire the information on the Company in accordance with the provisions of the
            Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
            of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, on condition that the identity of whom has been verified by the
            Company. For shareholders who need to inquire relevant information on the Company or have any inquiries about
            their shareholdings in the Company, please refer to sections 1.1.4 and 1.1.9 in Chapter I “Company Information”
            for details of the relevant contacts.
            Shareholders are entitled to supervise the operation of the Company and put forward suggestions or inquiries on it,
            please refer to Chapter V “Investor Inquiries” for details of the relevant contacts.



            Special provisions on rights of holders of preference shares
            In the event of any of the following circumstances, the Company shall notify the preference shareholders of the
            convening of a Shareholders’ General Meeting and follow the procedures for notifying the ordinary shareholders
            set forth in the Articles of Association of the Company. The preference shareholders of the Company shall be
            entitled to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the classified voting with ordinary shareholders on the
            following matters: (1) amendments to the Articles of Association in relation to preference shares; (2) reduction of
            the registered capital of the Company by more than 10% at one time or in the aggregate; (3) merger, division,
            dissolution or change of corporate form of the Company; (4) issuance of preference shares; (5) other circumstances
            as specified by laws, administrative regulations or the Articles of Association.
            If the Company fails to pay dividends on preference shares as agreed for a total of three fiscal years or two
            consecutive fiscal years, the voting rights of the preference shareholders shall be restored, and the preference
            shareholders shall have the right to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and vote with ordinary shareholders
            from the day following the date on which the Shareholders’ General Meeting resolves not to distribute the dividends
            of the preference shares as agreed for that year. The voting rights of the aforesaid preference shareholders shall
            remain in effect until such time as the Company pays the dividends in full for that year.



            Other rights
            The ordinary shareholders of the Company are entitled to receive distributable profits and other forms of profit
            appropriation based on their shareholdings. The preference shareholders of the Company are entitled to priority in
            profit appropriation.
            Other rights conferred by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                 127
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.12 Profit Appropriation
5.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2024
      Ten percent of the audited net profit of the Company for 2024 of RMB139.148 billion, equivalent to RMB13.915
      billion, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the balance of the end-of-period assets with
      the Company bearing risks and losses, equivalent to RMB13.323 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve.
      RMB22 million was appropriated to the country risk reserve for country risk exposure with medium, relatively high
      and high country risk ratings in accordance with the regulatory requirements. 2.5% of the Company’s mutual fund
      custody fee income for 2024, equivalent to RMB56 million, was appropriated to the risk reserve for the mutual fund
      custody business. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date for implementation
      of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash dividend of RMB2.000 (tax included) for
      every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register, denominated and declared in
      Renminbi, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual
      appropriation amount in HKD would be calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark rate to be released
      by the People’s Bank of China for the previous week (including the day of the Shareholders’ General Meeting)
      before the date of the Shareholders’ General Meeting. The retained profits will be carried forward to the next year.
      In 2024, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The above profit appropriation plan is
      subject to consideration and approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
      For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
      the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2024 Annual General
      Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2024, the Company will make further
      announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
      Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2025.



5.12.2 Profit appropriation of the Company for the last three years
                                                                                                                   Net profit          Proportion of
                                                                                                             attributable to           cash dividend
                                                                   Number                                              holders          to net profit
                                                                  of shares                                       of ordinary         attributable to
                                                                 issued on                                      shares in the                  holders
                           Number of                         capitalisation                                     consolidated              of ordinary
                         bonus shares Cash dividend             of surplus                                           financial          shares in the
                            for every      for every           reserve for               Total cash               statements            consolidated
                           share held     share held           every share               dividends               for the year                financial
                              (No. of   (inclusive of         held (No. of     (inclusive of tax, in          (in millions of             statements
      Year                    shares) tax, in RMB)                  shares)       millions of RMB)                       RMB)                     (%)
      2022                            –             1.738                  –                  43,832                  132,775                       33.01
      2023                            –             1.972                  –                  49,734                  142,044                       35.01
      2024(Note)                      –             2.000                  –                  50,440                  142,810                       35.32

      Note:    The profit appropriation plan for 2024 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
128   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
            1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
                   of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
                   (1)    Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of shareholders,
                          and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability.
                   (2)    The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                          it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                          and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                          the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                          investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                          Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                          net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with
                          the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles for that year. The Company may pay interim cash
                          dividend. Unless another resolution is passed at the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of
                          Directors shall be authorised by the shareholders at a Shareholders’ General Meeting to approve the
                          interim profit appropriation plan.
                   (3)    If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did not
                          make any cash profit appropriation plan after the end of the previous accounting year, the Company
                          shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in the
                          periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard.
                   (4)    If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the
                          size of the share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the
                          Board of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the
                          same upon consideration and approval at a Shareholders’ General Meeting, provided that the above-
                          mentioned cash profit appropriation requirements are satisfied.
                   (5)    The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                          domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                          pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                          declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong Dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                          for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                          be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State.
                   (6)    Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                          has been identified, the Company shall make a deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to
                          such shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated.
                   (7)    The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                          relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
            2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2023 was implemented in
                   strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
                   Ltd. It was considered and approved by the 31st meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
                   of the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The
                   minority shareholders were afforded opportunities to fully express their views and requests. The criteria
                   and proportion of cash dividends were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
                   has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company and its
                   implementation have provided adequate protection for the legitimate rights and interests of minority
                   investors. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2024 will also be implemented in strict
                   accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. It
                   will be considered and approved by the 48th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of
                   the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the
                   Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   129
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.13 Taxes and Tax Deductions
      The shareholders of the Company pay relevant taxes according to the following regulations and the tax laws updated
      from time to time, enjoy possible tax deductions as the case may be, and shall consult with their professional tax
      and legal consultants for specific payment affairs. The laws, regulations, and rules cited as follows are relevant
      provisions promulgated as of 31 December 2024.



      A-share shareholders
      For natural person shareholders and securities investment fund shareholders holding the Company’s A Shares,
      according to relevant provisions of the Notice on the Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Policies for
      Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from Listed Companies (關於實施
      上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2012] No.85) and the Notice on the Issues
      Concerning the Policies for Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from
      Listed Companies (關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2015] No.101), if the
      holding period is within one month (including one month), the full amount of dividends and bonuses shall be
      included in the taxable income, and the actual tax burden ratio is 20%; if the holding period is from 1 month to 1
      year (including 1 year), 50% of the dividends and bonuses shall be included in the taxable income, and the actual
      tax burden ratio is 10%; if the holding period exceeds one year, the dividends and bonuses shall be temporarily
      exempted from individual income tax.
      For qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders who hold the Company’s A Shares, the Company shall,
      in accordance with the provisions as set forth in the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
      Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企業
      向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47), withhold and
      pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10%. If qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders
      are involved in enjoying tax treaty (arrangement) treatment, the withholding of enterprise income tax shall be
      implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Administrative
      Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to be Entitled to Benefits under Tax Treaty (國家稅務總局關於發佈〈非居民
      納稅人享受協定待遇管理辦法〉的公告) (State Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the
      Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of
      Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
      題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47).
      For investors (including enterprises and individuals) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK) investing
      in the Company’s A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (referred to as Northbound Trading). According to
      the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (關於滬港
      股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知) (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), the dividends and bonuses shall be
      distributed in RMB by the Company through China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai
      Branch to the account of the nominal holder of A Shares. The Company will withhold income tax at the tax rate of
      10% and apply to the competent taxation authority for withholding declaration. For Northbound Trading investors
      who are tax residents of other countries or regions and the income tax rate for dividends and bonuses is lower than
      10% as stipulated in the tax treaty signed between its domicile country or region and China, the withholding of
      enterprise income tax shall be implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of
      Taxation on Administrative Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to Enjoy Treaty Benefits under Tax Treaty (State
      Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot
      Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81).
      For other A-share shareholders (including institutional investors) who are resident enterprises under the Law of the
      People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the income tax shall be declared and paid by themselves.
130   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


               H-share shareholders
               According to relevant provisions of the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual
               Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (關於國稅發[1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得
               稅徵管問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident
               Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Distribution of Dividends to H-share Shareholders Who Are
               Foreign Non-resident Enterprises (關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
               題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2008] No.897) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, the Company withholds
               dividend income tax at the tax rate of 10% for individual and enterprise shareholders of the Company’s H Shares.
               However, if otherwise set forth in relevant tax laws, regulations, and treaties, the Company shall handle specifically
               in accordance with the tax levy and administration requirements of the taxation authorities.
               For investors investing in the Company’s H Shares through Southbound Trading, according to the relevant
               requirements of the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong
               Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the
               Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127), the Company shall withhold individual income tax
               at the tax rate of 20% for dividends received by individual investors in the Chinese mainland from investing in the
               Company’s H Shares through Southbound Trading; dividends received by securities investment funds in the Chinese
               mainland from investing in the Company’s H Shares through Southbound Trading shall be taxed as individual
               investors; the Company will not withhold income tax on dividends for corporate investors in the Chinese mainland,
               and the tax payable shall be declared and paid by the relevant enterprises themselves.



               Shareholders of domestic preference shares
               The individual income tax payment matters related to the dividends of domestic preference shares obtained by
               individuals through non-public issuance shall be handled in accordance with relevant taxation laws and regulations
               of China.
               According to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and the Regulations for
               Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax, the dividend income of domestic preference shares among
               eligible resident enterprises shall be tax-free income. The dividend income of domestic preference shares obtained
               by non-resident enterprises shall be tax-deductible, and the enterprise income tax shall be levied at the tax rate of
               10%.



      5.14 Information on Employees
               As of 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of 117,201 employees36 (including dispatched employees).
               The classification of the Group’s employees by gender is: 49,855 males and 67,346 females, with a relatively
               balanced gender ratio.
               The classification of the Group’s employees by profession is: 20,435 employees in corporate finance, 52,460
               employees in retail finance, 6,977 employees in risk management, 17,065 employees in operation and management,
               10,900 employees in research and development, 1,032 employees in administrative and logistics support and 8,332
               employees in comprehensive management.
               The classification of the Group’s employees by educational background is: 30,885 employees with master’s degrees
               and above, 75,031 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 11,285 employees with junior college degrees or below.
               The distribution of the Group’s employees by regions is: 28,023 employees in the Yangtze River Delta, 15,058
               employees in the Bohai Rim, 36,292 employees in the Pearl River Delta and the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
               Zone, 5,273 employees in the Northeast, 12,832 employees in the Central, 16,435 employees in the West and 3,288
               employees outside the Chinese mainland.
               The classification of the Group’s employees in research and development by educational background is: 5,271
               employees with master’s degrees or above, 5,515 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 114 employees with junior
               college degrees or below. The age structure is as follows: 4,809 employees aged 30 and below, 4,945 employees
               aged 30-40 (excluding 30, but including 40), 968 employees aged 40-50 (excluding 40, but including 50), 176
               employees aged 50-60 (excluding 50, but including 60) and 2 employees aged over 60.



      36
           Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital and its subsidiaries, CMB
           Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, CIGNA & CMAM, MUCFC, CMB Network Technology and
           CMB YunChuang.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   131
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      The Company is committed to eliminating gender discrimination in recruitment. In terms of remuneration
      management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration and benefits, and provides
      employees with equal training and career development opportunities. For details, please refer to 4.3.9 “Human
      capital development” in this report. The Company will continue to take steps to promote diversity among employees
      at all levels.



      Staff remuneration policy and training
      The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its cultural concepts, operation targets and corporate values.
      It aims to “improve its market-based remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanisms, serve its strategic and
      business development and fully mobilise the enthusiasm of its teams”. The remuneration policy adheres to the
      remuneration management principles featuring “value guidance, performance base, Six Can-do mechanism and risk
      control” and reflects the remuneration concept of “get more pay for more work in a flexible way”. At the same
      time, in order to mitigate various operating and management risks, the Company has established a mechanism
      related to remuneration deferred payment and performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction for
      senior management and employees in positions with significant influence on risks in accordance with regulatory
      requirements and operational management needs. During the reporting period, for employees who violate rules and
      disciplines or incur significant exposure of risks within their responsibilities, the Company has, in accordance with
      the relevant regulations, deducted, stopped payment and recalled their performance-related remuneration according
      to the severity.
      The Company has established a multi-level, professional and digital talent training system, and adopts a diversified
      training method that combines online and offline training. The contents of training mainly focus on knowledge of its
      business and products, professional ethics and risk compliance, cultural values and leadership, covering employees’
      needs for career growth at different levels.
      For details of the Company’s human capital development, please refer to section 4.3.9 “Human capital
      development” in this report.
132   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      5.15 Organisational Structure of the Company as at the End of the
           Reporting Period
                                                                       Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                      Office of the Board of Supervisors


                                                                                General Office                           Consumer Rights Protection Centre (Customer Service Centre)#

                                                                        Human Resources Department


                                                                      Party and Mass Work Department


                                                                      Digital Finance Development Office                            Investment Management Department#


                                                                Assets and Liabilities Management Department                      Overseas Branch Management Department#


                                                                      Financial Accounting Department                              Procurement Management Department#


                                                                     General Office of Corporate Finance


                                                                       Strategic Customers Department


                                                                     Institutional Customers Department


                                                                         Pension Finance Department


                                                                       Financial Institutions Department


                                                                       Transaction Banking Department


                                                                      Cross-border Finance Department                                   Offshore Business Department#


                                                                        Inclusive Finance Department


                                                          General Office of Investment Banking and Financial Markets




                                           Head Office
                                                                       Investment Banking Department


                                                                            Global Markets Centre


                                                                       Asset Management Department




                    China Merchants Bank
                                                                          Asset Custody Department




                                           Branches
                                                                          Bills Business Department


                                                                         Bill Brokerage Department*


                                                                       General Office of Retail Finance


                                                                  Wealth Management Platform Department




                                           Sub-branches
                                                                        Retail Customers Department                                   Network Operation Service Centre#


                                                                         Private Banking Department


                                                                      Retail Credit Business Department                                   Consumer Finance Centre#

                                                                             Credit Card Centre
                                                                                                                                  Operational Risk Management Department#

                                                                        Risk Management Department                                  Market Risk Management Department#


                                                                         Credit Approval Department


                                                                          Asset Security Department


                                                                     Operation Management Department                                          Operation Centre#


                                                                     Information Technology Department                                  Retail Application R&D Centre#


                                                                              Audit Department                                        Wholesale Application R&D Centre#


                                                                            Inspection Department                                         Infrastructure R&D Centre#

                                                                                                                                     Data Asset and Platform R&D Centre#
                                                               Party Committee Inspection Leading Team Office

                                                                                                                                               Testing Centre#
                                                                        Legal Compliance Department
                                                                                                                                             Cloud Data Centre#
                                                                           CMB Research Institute
                                                                                                                                            Security Department#
                                                                               Training Centre
                                                                                                                                         Anti-money Laundering and
                                                                                                                                  Sanction Compliance Management Centre#
                                                                         Office of the Labour Union


                                                                         Administration Department                                    Project Management Department#


                                                               Representative Offices (United States and Taipei)
                                                                                                                       Note:     #
                                                                                                                                   secondary department
                                                                                                                                 *independent secondary department
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  133
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


5.16 Head Office and Branches and Representative Offices as at the End of the
     Reporting Period
                                                                                                               Asset scale
                                                                                                     No. of   (in millions
Region                      Name of branch          Business address                               branches       of RMB)
Head Office                 Head Office             7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,
                                                      Shenzhen                                           1     3,677,705
                            Credit Card Centre      686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                      Shanghai                                           1       908,965
                            Global Markets Centre   Floor 6, Building 2, No. 1088, Lujiazui Ring
                                                      Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai                    1     1,113,098
Yangtze River Delta         Shanghai Branch         1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong
                                                      New Area, Shanghai                               104       492,846
                            Shanghai Pilot Free     56 Bohang Road, Pudong New Area,
                              Trade Zone Branch       Shanghai                                           4        16,968
                            Nanjing Branch          199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing           86       296,799
                            Hangzhou Branch         300 Fuchun Road, Shangcheng District,
                                                      Hangzhou                                          80       285,925
                            Ningbo Branch           342 Min’ an East Road, Yinzhou District,
                                                      Ningbo                                            35       120,339
                            Suzhou Branch           36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park, Suzhou         35       161,325
                            Wuxi Branch             6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu
                                                      District, Wuxi                                    21        75,735
                            Wenzhou Branch          464 Fudong Road, Lucheng District, Wenzhou          16        38,777
                            Nantong Branch          88 Kerong Road, Chongchuan District,
                                                      Nantong                                           18        39,670
Bohai Rim                   Beijing Branch          156 Fuxingmen Nei Street, Xicheng District,
                                                      Beijing                                          131       563,800
                            Qingdao Branch          65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao           54        83,175
                            Tianjin Branch          255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road,
                                                      Hexi District, Tianjin                            46       115,462
                            Jinan Branch            7000 Jingshi Road, High-tech Zone, Jinan            64       150,874
                            Yantai Branch           117 Changjiang Road, Economic
                                                      &Technological Development Area, Yantai           17        30,041
                            Shijiazhuang Branch     172 Zhonghua South Street, Qiaoxi District,
                                                      Shijiazhuang                                      22        42,038
                            Tangshan Branch         45 Beixinxi Road, Lubei District, Tangshan          12        17,300
Pearl River Delta and the   Guangzhou Branch        5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou           77       302,246
  Western Taiwan Straits    Shenzhen Branch         2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,
  Economic Zone                                       Shenzhen                                         117       560,701
                            Fuzhou Branch           316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard, Taijiang
                                                      District, Fuzhou                                  41        87,961
                            Xiamen Branch           18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District, Xiamen        33        86,134
                            Quanzhou Branch         China SCE • International Finance Centre
                                                      South of Eastern Section of Baozhou Road,
                                                      Fengze District, Quanzhou                         17        34,737
                            Dongguan Branch         200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District,
                                                      Dongguan                                          30        83,097
                            Foshan Branch           12 Denghu Road East, Nanhai District, Foshan        36        85,667
Northeast                   Shenyang Branch         12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang         51        53,749
                            Dalian Branch           17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian          35        45,664
                            Harbin Branch           3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin          42        46,615
                            Changchun Branch        9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District,
                                                      Changchun                                         23        27,419
134   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                                                                 Asset scale
                                                                                                       No. of   (in millions
      Region                  Name of branch          Business address                               branches       of RMB)
      Central                 Wuhan Branch            188 Yunxia Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan          101       208,288
                              Nanchang Branch         1111 Huizhan Road, Honggutan New District,
                                                        Nanchang                                          49       103,539
                              Changsha Branch         39 Chazishan East Road, Yuelu District,
                                                        Changsha                                          49       108,215
                              Hefei Branch            169 Funan Road, Hefei                               42       110,270
                              Zhengzhou Branch        96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                      53       111,414
                              Taiyuan Branch          265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian District,
                                                        Taiyuan                                           23        46,251
                              Haikou Branch           1 Shimao Road North, Haikou                         11        45,724
      West                    Chengdu Branch          488 Tianfu 4th Street, High-tech Zone,
                                                        Chengdu                                           59       145,269
                              Lanzhou Branch          9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District,
                                                        Lanzhou                                           24        44,415
                              Xi’an Branch            1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Gaoxin District, Xi’an          70       157,574
                              Chongqing Branch        88 Xingguang Road, New North District,
                                                        Chongqing                                         50       143,151
                              Urumqi Branch           2 Huanghe Road, Urumqi                              18        37,921
                              Kunming Branch          1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District, Kunming          56        78,266
                              Hohhot Branch           9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District, Hohhot        23        39,477
                              Nanning Branch          136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
                                                        Nanning                                           19        42,257
                              Guiyang Branch          West 2nd Tower, International Finance
                                                        Centre, Guanshanhu District, Guiyang              18        33,976
                              Yinchuan Branch         138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District,
                                                        Yinchuan                                          14        17,748
                              Xining Branch           79 Haiyan Road, Chengxi District, Xining            11        11,820
      Overseas                Hong Kong Branch        31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught
                                                       Place, Central, Hong Kong                           1       118,343
                              USA Representative      18/F, 535 Madison Avenue, New York, U.S.A
                                Office                                                                     1             –
                              New York Branch         18/F, 535 Madison Avenue, New York, U.S.A            1        53,538
                              Singapore Branch        1 Raffles Place, Tower2, #32-61, Singapore           1        21,787
                              Taipei Representative   333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District,
                                Office                  Taipei                                             1             –
                              Luxembourg Branch       20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg               1        17,136
                              London Branch           18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                1        20,700
                              Sydney Branch           L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                1        16,703
      Total                   /                       /                                                 1,948   11,378,614
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   135
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.17 Internal Control
      During the reporting period, the Company carried out promotion and education of compliance culture, continuously
      providing employees with compliance education, case warning education and behavioural norms education,
      vigorously promoting the concept of compliance, and continuously strengthening employees’ compliance awareness.
      By launching the theme activity of “Special Rectification Action on Risk and Compliance”, and focusing on the four
      key tasks of “study, inspection, rectification and improvement”, the Company implemented categorised policies
      to promote root-cause rectification and comprehensively improve the level of internal control and compliance
      management.
      During the reporting period, the Company further reinforced inspection and rectification. In accordance with the
      new external regulations and internal requirements of “strict management”, the Company initiated the revision of
      the Administrative Measures for Supervision and Inspection of China Merchants Bank and Administrative Measures
      for Rectification so as to further improve the work responsibility system for inspection and rectification and
      closed-loop management mechanism. On this basis, the Company intensified its internal supervision and inspection,
      fully disclosed the problems, risks and deficiencies in operation and management, and continuously improved the
      internal control and management level of the Company. At the same time, the Company fully implemented the
      rectification work of the problems found during internal and external inspection and effectively guaranteed the
      compliance operation and stable development of the Company’s businesses.
      The Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the whole Bank in 2024. As
      reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of completeness, reasonableness
      and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details, please refer to the “Report of
      Evaluation on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2024”, and the “Auditors’ Report on Internal
      Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2024” issued by the accounting firm with standard unqualified
      opinions.

5.18 Internal Audit
      The Company implements an independent and vertical internal audit system. The Board of Directors shall take the
      ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of the internal audit, review and approve the internal
      audit charter, audit organisation system, medium- and long-term audit plan and annual audit plan, appoint the
      head of the Audit Department, provide necessary guarantees for the independent and objective implementation
      of internal audit and assess the independence and effectiveness of internal audit. The Head Office has set up an
      Audit Department to undertake specific internal audit responsibilities, accept the leadership of the Head Office
      Party Committee, be responsible for and report to the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee and accept the
      guidance of the Board of Supervisors. The Head Office Audit Department has nine audit divisions to strengthen the
      audit, inspection and rectification follow-up of regional branches and institutions. The Head Office Audit Department
      has set up nine teams to increase support and guidance to the audit division and four corresponding audit teams
      to strengthen the audit of Head Office departments, overseas institutions, anti-money laundering mechanism, credit
      card business, etc.
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on the implementation of national economic and financial
      policies, incorporated the “five major articles “in terms of finance sectors, and regulatory compliance requirements,
      bank-wide strategic execution and risk management in key areas into the audit priorities, further strengthened
      deterrent effect of audit supervision, enhanced the systematic governance of audit rectification, pushed forward
      the construction of digital audit, enhanced audit effectiveness, thereby contributing audit strength to achieve
      high-quality development of the Company driven by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles
      and breaking new ground (守正創新)”.

5.19 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
      The Company has applied the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the
      Hong Kong Listing Rules to its corporate governance structure and practices, and the application of such principles
      is set out in this report. During the reporting period, the Company had complied with the principles and code
      provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and adhered to the majority of the recommended best practices
      thereunder.
Partner value is the key
element of all value.
Adhering to the principles of sincere
cooperation, mutual benefit and results
sharing, to build the “most trusted bank
by partners”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                    137
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Important Events

6.1 Principal Business Activities
       The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



6.2 Financial Highlights
       Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



6.3 Reserve Available for Distribution
       For details of changes in the reserve available for distribution of the Company, please refer to the “Statement of
       Changes in Equity” in the financial statements.



6.4 Fixed Assets
       Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the
       financial statements.



6.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
       Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
       (including treasury shares) during the reporting period.
       As at the end of the reporting period, the Company did not have treasury shares.



6.6 Pre-emptive Rights
       There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
       of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



6.7 Retirement and Welfare
       Details about retirement welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the financial
       statements.



6.8 Principal Customers
       As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
       did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
138   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      6.9 Compliance with Laws and Regulations
             During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
             regulations that would have a material impact on the operations of the Company.



      6.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
           the Company
             During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
             compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



      6.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
           Supervisors and Senior Management
             Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
             material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



      6.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
           Supervisors
             During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts
             of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors
             of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not terminable by the Company
             within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



      6.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
           Supervisors or Senior Management
             During the reporting period, the Company was not subject to criminal investigations for suspected crimes. The
             Company, its Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were not subject to criminal punishment, or
             subject to investigations by the CSRC or administrative punishment by the CSRC for suspected violations of laws and
             regulations, or subject to administrative punishments by other competent authorities that have major impact on the
             operation of the Company. None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management members of the Company
             was subject to compulsory measures in accordance with the law for suspected crimes, or subject to detention by
             the disciplinary inspection and supervision authorities for suspected serious violations of laws and regulations or
             duty-related crimes that affected the performance of their duties, or subject to compulsory measures taken by other
             competent authorities for suspected violations of laws and regulations that affected the performance of their duties.



      6.14 Explanation on the Integrity of the Company
             During the reporting period, there were no circumstances where the Company failed to fulfill any obligation under
             effective court judgements or repay any due debt of a significant amount.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                       139
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



6.15 Undertakings
         In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
         Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船股份有限公司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
         Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
         Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
         terms more favourable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of
         the loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company.
         Upon expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until
         they obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
         transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ General Meeting
         of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
         impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
         Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above
         shareholders had not violated the aforesaid undertakings.
         According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
         Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
         Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting, and formulated the remedial measures in respect of the dilution
         of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance of preference
         shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also undertook to earnestly implement
         the remedial measures. For details, please refer to the documents of the 2016 Annual General Meeting of the
         Company published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
         and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, neither the Company nor
         its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid undertakings.



6.16 Significant Connected Transactions37
6.16.1 Overview of connected transactions
         Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, a majority of continuing connected transactions of the
         Company met de minimis exemption and the non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the relevant
         reporting and announcement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



6.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
         As at the end of the reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45%
         of the equity interest in CMFM, respectively. Therefore, in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, CMFM
         and its associates (“CMFM Group”) are connected parties of the Company, and the fund agency distribution service
         provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
         Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
         On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM on normal
         commercial principles after arm’s length negotiation for a term commencing on 1 January 2023 and expiring on
         31 December 2025. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates specified in the fund offering documents
         and/or the offering prospectuses, and shall pay agency service fees to the Company according to the agreement.
         Meanwhile, the Company has announced the annual caps of RMB1.5 billion, RMB1.8 billion and RMB2.2 billion for
         the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively as approved by the
         Board of Directors. The annual caps for the service fees were not more than 5% of the relevant percentage ratios
         calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, these transactions would only
         be subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
         and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. For details, please refer to the relevant
         announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.
         During the reporting period, the total value of continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM
         Group amounted to RMB930 million.




37
     Both “connected transactions” and “connected parties” in this section are terms used in Hong Kong Listing Rules.
140   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      6.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
             The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
             continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group and confirmed that:
             1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
             2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                    shareholders as a whole;
             3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
             4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
             Furthermore, pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young
             to perform relevant assurance procedures on the continuing connected transactions of the Group in accordance
             with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
             or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter
             on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
             of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors confirmed that the auditor has reported the results of its
             performing procedures to the Board of Directors.
             Regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing of these transactions has come to the attention
             of the auditor as to the circumstances described under rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Ernst & Young
             has issued an assurance letter in respect of the findings of the above continuing connected transactions.



      6.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
             The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
             statements. These transactions were entered into between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary course
             of business on normal commercial terms and with the principle of fairness, including borrowings, investments,
             deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet
             transactions, and those which constituted connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules were in
             compliance with the applicable requirements thereof.



      6.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
             Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
             the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As of the end of the reporting period, there were 235 pending on
             final judgement cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate
             principal and interest of RMB2,018 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration
             cases would have a material adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



      6.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance
             Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
             leasing of assets
             During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contract signed in connection with holding
             in custody, contracting, hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies outside the normal scope of banking
             businesses, or vice versa.



             Significant guarantees
             Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save
             for the financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the PRC banking regulatory
             authorities, the Company did not have any other significant disclosable guarantees, nor was the Company a party
             to any guarantee contract in violation of the resolution procedures of external guarantees as required by laws,
             administrative regulations and the CSRC.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                        141
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



6.19 Use of Funds by Related Parties
       During the reporting period, no related parties used any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and
       none of them used the funds of the Company through, among others, any related party transactions not entered
       into on an arm’s length basis. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special
       audit opinion in this regard.



6.20 Engagement of Accounting Firms
       In 2023, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP (Special General Partnership) and Deloitte
       Touche Tohmatsu have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the PRC
       Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the IFRS Accounting Standards, respectively, and each has issued an
       unqualified audit report. Upon completion of the annual audit work for the year 2023 of the Company, Deloitte
       Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP (Special General Partnership) and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have
       provided audit services for the Company for eight consecutive years, reaching the maximum term of consecutive
       engagement as specified by the Ministry of Finance. The Company is required to change its accounting firms in
       2024.
       Upon the approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company engaged Ernst & Young
       Hua Ming LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries for 2024, and engaged
       Ernst & Young et al. as the international accounting firm of the Company and its overseas subsidiaries for 2024.
       The term of each of the engagements is one year. Benny Bing Yin Cheung is the engagement partner and certified
       public accountant who signed the IFRS audit report, Feng Suoteng is the engagement partner and certified public
       accountant who signed the PRC GAAP audit report, and Fan Xun is the other certified public accountant who signed
       the PRC GAAP audit report, each of whom provides audit services to the Company for the first time.
       The Company has fully communicated with the previous and current accounting firms on the change of the
       accounting firm, and they have no objection to the change and confirm that there is no matter regarding the
       change of the accounting firm that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders or creditors of the
       Company.
       Save as disclosed above, the Company did not change its accounting firms in the past three financial years.
       The financial statements of the Company for 2024 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
       and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2024 were audited by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP,
       and the financial statements for 2024 prepared under IFRS Accounting Standards were audited by Ernst & Young.
       The total audit fees of the Group amounted to approximately RMB27.20 million, among which the audit fees for
       internal control were approximately RMB1.04 million, and the above audit service fees are determined by invitation
       of tender according to the audit workload and on the principle of fairness and reasonableness. The Company paid
       the total non-audit fees of approximately RMB13.95 million to Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young
       for 2024. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services
       would not compromise their audit independence.



6.21 Explanation of Changes of Accounting Policies and Accounting
     Estimates
       For details of accounting policies and accounting estimates of the Company during the reporting period, please refer
       to Note 4 “Material accounting policy information” and Note 5 “Significant accounting estimates and judgements”
       to the financial statements. For details of the changes of accounting policies, please refer to Note 3 “Application of
       new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards” to the financial statements.



6.22 Review of Annual Results
       Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young, both being the external auditors of the Company, have audited
       the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
       Principles and the IFRS Accounting Standards, respectively, and each has issued an unqualified audit report. The
       Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2024.
142   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      6.23 Annual General Meeting
             For the convening of its 2024 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



      6.24 Management Contracts
             No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
             the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.



      6.25 Permitted Indemnity Provision
             The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisors and
             senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisors and senior management arising out
             of corporate activities.



      6.26 Publication of Annual Report
             The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the IFRS
             Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong
             Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the
             English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
             The Company prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
             Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
             Stock Exchange and the Company.
Social value represents the
pursuit of all value.
Actively serving the real economy and
people’s well-being, to build the “most
socially responsible bank”.
144   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

      7.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
          Reporting Period
                                                                            31 December 2023           Changes in the        31 December 2024
                                                                                                        No. of shares
                                                                                                           during the
                                                                                                            reporting
                                                                          No. of shares   Percentage           period     No. of shares Percentage
                                                                                (share)          (%)           (share)          (share)         (%)
            1.    Shares subject to trading restrictions on sales                    –            –                 –                 –          –
            2.    Shares not subject to trading restrictions on sales   25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00
                  (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)                 20,628,944,429        81.80                 –    20,628,944,429      81.80
                  (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                             –            –                 –                 –          –
                  (3) Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)          4,590,901,172        18.20                 –     4,590,901,172      18.20
                  (4) Others                                                         –            –                 –                 –          –
            3.    Total shares                                          25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00

            As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 459,175 shareholders of ordinary shares,
            including 431,886 holders of A Shares and 27,289 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the
            holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
            As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2025), the Company
            had a total of 421,011 holders of ordinary shares, including 393,853 holders of A Shares and 27,158 holders of H
            Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
            Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, as at the end of the reporting
            period, the Company had maintained the public float in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                                         145
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



7.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
    Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
    Restrictions on Sales
                                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                                                       shares held    Number of
                                                                                                                                                         subject to       shares
                                                                         Shares held at     Percentage                                  Changes in         trading     pledged,
                                                                            the end of     of the total                               the reporting    restrictions   marked or
                                                     Type of                the period    share capital                                      period        on sales      frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholders                Shareholders               (share)            (%)    Type of shares                     (share)        (share)      (share)
      1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                  Overseas legal      4,554,668,498           18.06    H Shares not subject to           614,657              –     Unknown
                                                       person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      2         China Merchants Steam Navigation     State-owned legal 3,289,470,337             13.04    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      3         China Ocean Shipping Company         State-owned legal 1,574,729,111              6.24    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Limited                              person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      4         Hong Kong Securities Clearing        Overseas legal      1,271,119,349            5.04    A Shares not subject to      210,624,958               –             –
                  Company Limited                      person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      5         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and     State-owned legal 1,258,542,349              4.99    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      6         China Merchants Financial Holdings   State-owned legal 1,147,377,415              4.55    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      7         Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. –   Domestic legal      1,130,991,537            4.48    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Traditional – Ordinary insurance     person                                               trading restrictions on
                  products                                                                                  sales

      8         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and     State-owned legal     944,013,171            3.74    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      9         COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co.,      State-owned legal     696,450,214            2.76    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Ltd.                                 person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      10        China Securities Finance Corporation Domestic legal        524,229,972            2.08    A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                  Limited                              person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                            sales

      Notes:

      (1)   Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on the
            transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others to hold
            shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by investors through
            Northbound Trading.

      (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, among the aforesaid top ten shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities
            Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Company Ltd., China
            Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China Merchants
            Group Ltd.; and China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are both subsidiaries of China COSCO
            Shipping Corporation Limited. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among other shareholders.

      (3)   None of the above holders of A Shares have entrusted any proxy or acted as proxy to vote or waived their voting rights.

      (4)   During the reporting period, the above holders of A Shares did not participate in the margin trading and short selling business. The number of
            outstanding A Shares of the Company lent out through securities lending by the above holders of A Shares at the beginning and the end of the
            reporting period was zero.
146   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      7.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
      7.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
            and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants
            Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen)
            Limited, indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% of the shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
            of the Company. Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% of the shares in
            the Company, and is the largest shareholder of the Company with a registered capital of RMB17 billion as at the
            end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Steam Navigation Co.,
            Ltd. mainly engages in passenger and cargo shipping businesses; dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation;
            investment and management of tugboat and barge transportation business; repair, construction and trading of ships
            and offshore oil drilling equipment; sale, purchase and supply of various transportation equipment, spare parts and
            materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction of water and land-based construction projects;
            and businesses such as investment and management of finance, insurance, trust, securities and futures industries.
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder,
            with a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is
            a central enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
            the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China
            was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which
            played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time.
            Nowadays, it has developed into a diversified conglomerate, with its major businesses focusing on transportation
            and logistics, comprehensive finance, real estate and industrial zones, science and technology innovation industry.
            It is aiming at the goal of becoming a world-class enterprise, promoting the transformation and upgrading of
            traditional industries and the cultivation and development of strategic emerging industries.
            The Company does not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
            period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
            largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum
            of the percentages listed are due to rounding):


                                                                                           China Merchants Group Ltd.


                                                                                                 100%

                                                                                             China Merchants Steam
                                                                                               Navigation Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                 100%

                                                                                   China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.


                 100%                                                                                               100%
                                                                                                                                                   27.59%
                China Merchants Holdings                                                                      China Merchants Financial Holdings             China Merchants China
              (Hong Kong) Company Limited                                                                       (Hong Kong) Company Limited                 Direct Investments Limited


                  50%                             100%                            100%                              100%                                        100%
                 China Merchants            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment   Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment               Best Winner                              China Merchants Industry
                 Union (BVI) Limited        and Development Company Ltd    and Development Company Ltd.            Investment Limited                       Development (Shenzhen) Limited




                1.89%                             4.99%                         3.74%           4.55%              1.53%                                        0.22%                13.04%

                                                                                                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                     147
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


7.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s
      shares
      As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate
      of 9.97% of the shares in the Company through its holding subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company
      Limited, COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou COSCO Shipping Haining Technology Co., Ltd.,
      COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運(上海)有限公司), COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Limited
      (中遠海運投資控股有限公司) and Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸有限公司).There
      was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping Company Limited held 6.24% of
      the shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor of China Ocean Shipping
      Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983. The registered capital of China Ocean Shipping Company
      Limited was RMB16.191 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The
      scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation;
      acceptance of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing,
      construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship escrowing
      business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to shipping business at home
      and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business and seafarer assignment
      business.
      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
      and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established on 5 February
      2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is
      Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime
      transportation; imports and exports of goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding
      business; ship leasing; sales of ships, containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal
      and port investment; communication equipment sales, information and technical services; warehousing (except
      hazardous chemicals); engaged in technology development, technology transfer, technical consulting, technical
      services and equity investment funds in the field of shipping and spare parts.



7.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
      1.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group Ltd. through its holding
             subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Capital Holdings Limited,
             CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co., Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbour Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai
             Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua Engineering (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbour Consultants Co.,
             Ltd., indirectly held an aggregate of 1.61% of the shares in the Company, and has appointed a Supervisor
             in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction
             Group Ltd. was established on 8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion as at the end
             of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Wang Tongzhou. Its de facto controller is the State-
             owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.
      2.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% of the shares in the
             Company and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the
             Company. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital of
             RMB11.575 billion as at the end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Wang Xiaoqiu. Its de
             facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai.
      3.     As at the end of the reporting period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 0.56% of the shares in the
             Company, and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the
             Company. The controlling shareholder of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
             Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019, with a registered capital of RMB20.361
             billion as at the end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. Its controlling
             shareholder and de facto controller is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.
148   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


      7.3.4 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the Company under
            Hong Kong laws and regulations
            As at 31 December 2024, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
            Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the percentages
            listed are due to rounding) as follows:


                                                                                                                 Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                       of the   of the total
                                                                                                               relevant class        issued
            Name of substantial         Class of Long/short                            No. of shares             of shares in      ordinary
            shareholder                  shares position      Capacity                      (shares)   Notes        issue (%)    shares (%)
            China Merchants Group            A Long           Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
             Ltd.                                               corporation
                                                Long          Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                       6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                             H Long           Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants Steam            A Long           Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
             Navigation Co., Ltd.              Long           Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                                                corporation
                                                Long          Other                      55,196,540
                                                                                       6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                                             H Long           Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants Financial        A Long           Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
             Holdings Co., Ltd.                Long           Interest of controlled   2,260,702,660
                                                                corporation
                                                Long          Other                      55,196,540
                                                                                       3,463,276,615    1              16.79          13.73
                                             H Long           Interest of controlled     328,776,923    1               7.16           1.30
                                                                corporation

            China Merchants Financial        A Long           Interest of controlled     58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
             Holdings (Hong Kong)                               corporation
             Company Limited                 H Long           Interest of controlled    328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30
                                                                corporation

            Best Winner Investment           A Long           Beneficial owner           58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
              Limited                        H Long           Beneficial owner          328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30

            Shenzhen Yan Qing                A Long           Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349    1               6.10           4.99
              Investment and
              Development
              Company Ltd.

            China Ocean Shipping             A Long           Beneficial owner         1,574,729,111                    7.63           6.24
             Company Limited

            Hexie Health Insurance           A Long           Beneficial owner         1,130,991,537     2              5.48           4.48
             Co. Ltd.

            Pagoda Tree Investment           H Long           Interest of controlled    477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
              Company Limited                                   corporation
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                         149
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                                                                                Percentage          Percentage
                                                                                                                                      of the        of the total
                                                                                                                              relevant class             issued
      Name of substantial             Class of Long/short                                     No. of shares                     of shares in           ordinary
      shareholder                      shares position         Capacity                            (shares)        Notes           issue (%)         shares (%)

      Compass Investment                     H Long            Interest of controlled          477,903,500            3                10.41               1.89
       Company Limited                                           corporation

      CNIC Corporation Limited               H Long            Interest of controlled          477,903,500            3                10.41               1.89
                                                                 corporation

      Verise Holdings Company                H Long            Interest of controlled          477,903,500            3                10.41               1.89
       Limited                                                   corporation

      China Merchants Union                  H Long            Beneficial owner                477,903,500            3                10.41               1.89
       (BVI) Limited

      Citigroup Inc.                         H Long            Person having a security                  435
                                                                 interest in shares
                                                Long           Interest of controlled            21,937,815
                                                                 corporation
                                                Long           Approved lending agent          251,903,727
                                                                                               273,841,977            4                  5.96              1.09
                                                Short          Interest of controlled           10,733,562            4                  0.23              0.04
                                                                 corporation

      BlackRock, Inc.                        H Long            Interest of controlled          231,150,355            5                  5.03              0.92
                                                                 corporation
                                                Short          Interest of controlled             1,688,000           5                  0.04              0.01
                                                                 corporation

      Notes:

      (1)   For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 7.3.1 “Information on the
            Company’s largest shareholder”.

      (2)   New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. is the trustee of all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. by virtue of
            which New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance
            Co., Ltd.

      (3)   Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
            Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly-owned subsidiary Compass Investment Company Limited:

            (3.1)      China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited was
                       deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of holding
                       50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

            (3.2)      Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to
                       hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company Limited.

            (3.3)      Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company deemed to be held by
                       CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding 90% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

            The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (3) and (3.1) to (3.3) above represented the same shares.

      (4)   Citigroup Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 273,841,977 H shares (long position) and 10,733,562 H shares (short position) in the Company by
            virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of Citigroup Inc. in the Company included a lending pool
            of 251,903,727 H shares. Besides, 5,427,870 H shares (long position) and 5,372,714 H shares (short position) were held through derivatives as
            follows:


            1,609,510 H shares (long position) and 1,687,500 H shares (short position)                – through physically settled listed derivatives
            1,382,360 H shares (long position) and 2,623,843 H shares (short position)                – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
            2,436,000 H shares (long position) and 1,061,371 H shares (short position)                – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

      (5)   BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 231,150,355 H shares (long position) and 1,688,000 H shares (short position) in the Company
            by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests of BlackRock, Inc. in the Company included 3,876,000 H shares (long
            position) and 1,631,500 H shares (short position) which were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives.
150   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
            and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
            positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
            the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



      7.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
            During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares. The Company did not have
            any internal staff shares. Save for the disclosure related to “Preference Shares” in this chapter, no equity-linked
            agreements of the Company were entered into during the reporting period or subsisted at the end of the reporting
            period.
            For issuance of bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 43 to the financial statements.
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds raised by the Company was consistent with such usages as set out
            in the prospectus of the Company.



      7.5 Preference Shares
      7.5.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
            Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
            domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
            per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
            the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
            “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
            the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion and, after deduction of the expenses
            relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital. On 18 December
            2022, five years after the issuance of the domestic preference shares, the Company adjusted the coupon dividend
            rate per annum to 3.62% (including tax) in accordance with market rules. For details, please refer to the relevant
            announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and
            Clearing Limited and the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                 151
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


7.5.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 25 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), and all of them were holders of domestic preference shares. As at the end of the previous month before
      the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2025), the Company had a total of 24 holders of preference
      shares (or their nominees), and all of them were holders of domestic preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
      shares were as follows:


                                                                                                                               Number of      Number of
                                                                                                                           shares subject         shares
                                                                                  Shares held                                  to trading      pledged,
                                                                                at the end of Percentage of                restrictions on    marked or
            Name of                              Type of          Type of          the period shareholdings    Changes                sales      frozen
      No.   shareholders                         shareholders     shares               (share)          (%)     (share)             (share)      (share)
      1     China Mobile Communications          State-owned      Domestic       106,000,000          38.55           –                  –             –
             Group Co., Ltd.                       legal person    preference
                                                                   share
      2     Suyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. Others              Domestic        23,000,000           8.36           –                  –             –
              – No. 1 Hengyuan Rongda (恒源融                         preference
              達) of Suyin Wealth Management                        share
      3     China National Tobacco (Henan     State-owned         Domestic        20,000,000           7.27            –                 –             –
              Province) Company                 legal person       preference
                                                                   share
            Ping An Property & Casualty          Others           Domestic        20,000,000           7.27            –                 –             –
              Insurance Company of China, Ltd.                     preference
              – traditional – ordinary insurance                   share
              products
      5     China National Tobacco (Anhui        State-owned      Domestic        15,000,000           5.45            –                 –             –
              Province) Company                    legal person    preference
                                                                   share
            China National Tobacco (Sichuan      State-owned      Domestic        15,000,000           5.45            –                 –             –
             Province) Company                     legal person    preference
                                                                   share
      7     BOC Asset – Bank of China – Bank     Others           Domestic        14,000,000           5.09   -1,900,000                 –             –
              of China Limited, Shenzhen                           preference
              Branch                                               share
      8     Everbright Securities Asset          Others           Domestic         9,000,000           3.27            –                 –             –
              Management – China Everbright                        preference
              Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2                             share
              Collective Asset Management
              Scheme of Everbright Securities
              Asset Management
      9     Everbright Securities Asset          Others           Domestic         7,500,000           2.73   7,000,000                  –             –
              Management – Bank of China –                         preference
              Xinyou (鑫優) No. 32 Collective                        share
              Asset Management Scheme
              of Everbright Securities Asset
              Management
      10    Everbright Securities Asset          Others           Domestic         7,200,000           2.62           –                  –             –
              Management – China Everbright                        preference
              Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) Collective                        share
              Asset Management Scheme
              of Everbright Securities Asset
              Management
152   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)


            Notes:

            (1)   The shareholdings of holders of domestic preference shares are presented under separate account according to the register of members of
                  preference shares of the Company.

            (2)   China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Sichuan
                  Province) Company are all subsidiaries of China National Tobacco Corporation; “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright Bank –
                  Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2 Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management”, “Everbright Securities Asset Management –
                  Bank of China – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 32 Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” and “Everbright Securities
                  Asset Management – China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management”
                  are all managed by Everbright Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship
                  or action in concert among the above holders of preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten
                  holders of ordinary shares.

            (3)   “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference shares to
                  the total number of domestic preference shares.



      7.5.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
            Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
            In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
            of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 Annual General
            Meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
            Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18 December 2024, which
            was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
            The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The non-cumulative
            dividend payment method is adopted for domestic preference shares. The holders of domestic preference shares will
            not participate in the remaining profit appropriation with the ordinary shareholders after they are distributed the
            dividends in accordance with the agreed dividend rate. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for domestic
            preference shares, based on the coupon dividend rate of 3.62% for domestic preference shares, the cash dividends
            per preference share paid were RMB3.62 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference shares in
            issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB995.5 million (including tax).
            For the details of dividend distribution for domestic preference shares, please refer to the relevant announcement
            published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
            and the Company on 6 December 2024.



      7.5.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
            During the reporting period, there had been no repurchase or conversion of preference shares.



      7.5.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
            During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s preference shares in issue had not been restored.



      7.5.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
            The Company made accounting judgements on the preference shares issued and outstanding of the Company
            in accordance with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial
            Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Accounting Standard 32 – Financial
            Instruments: Presentation” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares
            issued and outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they
            any contractual obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were
            therefore measured as equity instruments.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements         153
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                                     154

Financial Statements and Notes Thereto                           160

Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information                    302
154   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Independent Auditor’s Report


                                 Ernst & Young                  ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                  Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place         榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆             Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                                 979 King’s Road
                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong          ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎27㧺                  ey.com




      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (the “Group”) set out on pages 160 to 301, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
      December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
      the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
      and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
      Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
      Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
      Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
      of Certified Public Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
      believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that
      context.
      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
      statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
      of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
      statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
      the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     155
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss of loans and advances to customers

The measurement of expected credit loss (ECL) of loans and       We evaluated and tested the design and operating
advances to customers measured at amortised cost and at          effectiveness of key controls over measurement of expected
fair value through other comprehensive income involves           credit losses, including relevant data quality and information
the use of numerous models, significant judgments and            systems.
assumptions. For example,
                                                                 We adopted a risk-based sampling approach in our loan
•      Significant increase in credit risk – Criteria for        review procedures, focusing on the asset quality of key
       determining whether significant increase in credit        areas such as industries that are significantly affected
       risk has occurred are highly judgemental, and may         by macroeconomic changes. We assessed the debtors’
       have a significant impact on expected credit losses       repayment capacity and evaluated the Group’s judgement
       for loans and advances to customers measured with         in rating loans, taking into consideration post-lending
       longer outstanding maturities.                            inspection reports, debtors’ financial information, collateral
                                                                 valuation reports and other available information.
•      Models and parameters – Complex models, numerous
       inputs and parameters, including probability of           With the support of our modelling specialists, our audit
       default, loss given default, exposure at default, and     procedures in respect of the expected credit loss model, key
       risk grouping, are used to measure expected credit        parameters, and management’s significant judgements and
       losses, involving plenty of management judgements         assumptions included the following:
       and assumptions.
                                                                 (1)    Expected credit loss model:
•      Forward-looking information – The measurement
       of expected credit losses requires consideration of       •      We reviewed the documentation of the methodology
       forward-looking information. The forecast of macro-              of ECL model. Taking into account results of
       economic and consideration of the impact of multiple             validation and enhancement of ECL model,
       probability-weighted macro-economic scenarios                    we assessed the reasonableness of ECL model
       on expected credit losses, involving significant                 methodology and related parameters, including
       judgments and assumptions.                                       probability of default, loss given default, exposure at
                                                                        default, risk grouping, forward-looking information
•      Whether financial assets are credit-impaired –                   and whether there had been a significant increase in
       The determination of credit impairment requires                  credit risk;
       consideration of multiple factors, and measurement
       of expected credit losses depends on estimates of         •      We reviewed the validation reports of ECL model and
       future cash flows.                                               relevant documents to evaluate the reasonableness
                                                                        of validation approach, completeness of validation
                                                                        scope, and appropriateness of validation conclusion;

                                                                 •      In respect of the internal credit risk rating parameters
                                                                        used in ECL model, we understood the credit risk
                                                                        internal rating system and methodology. We also
                                                                        reviewed the validation reports of internal credit risk
                                                                        rating model and selected samples to evaluate the
                                                                        reasonableness of internal credit rating data;
156   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Expected credit loss of loans and advances to customers
      (continued)

      As at 31 December 2024, total loans and advances to              (1)    Expected credit loss model: (continued)
      customers measured at amortised cost and at fair value
      through other comprehensive income amounted to                   •      We assessed the reasonableness of the selection of
      RMB6,852,555 million, accounting for 56.39% of total                    macro-economic variables, the determination and
      assets. Allowances for impairment losses of such loans and              weighting of multiple macro-economic scenarios,
      advances totalled RMB270,301 million.                                   and the forward-looking adjustments. We assessed
                                                                              the reasonableness of the forecasts of key macro-
      As the measurement of expected credit losses involves                   economic variables by comparing to forecasts of
      numerous significant judgements and assumptions, we                     external authoritative institutions;
      consider expected credit losses for loans and advances to
      customers a key audit matter.                                    •      We selected samples to verify whether the
                                                                              calculation logic and calculation results of the ECL
      Relevant disclosures are included in Notes 4(5), 5(4), 22 and           model are consistent with the model methodology,
      60(a) of the consolidated financial statements.                         and assessed the accuracy of ECL model data inputs;

                                                                       •      We assessed the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                              determination of credit impairment. For credit-
                                                                              impaired loans and advances, we selected samples to
                                                                              evaluate the reasonableness of the amount, timing
                                                                              and probability of management’s estimated future
                                                                              cash flows, especially recoverable cash flows from
                                                                              collaterals.

                                                                       (2)    Design and operating effectiveness of key controls:

                                                                       •      With the support of our IT audit specialists, we
                                                                              evaluated and tested the data and system function
                                                                              related to the measurement of expected credit
                                                                              losses, including the data computation, data inputs
                                                                              and system interfaces of the impairment assessment
                                                                              system;

                                                                       •      We evaluated and tested key controls over the
                                                                              management, implementation and monitoring of
                                                                              expected credit losses approach, including ongoing
                                                                              monitoring of model performance, model validation,
                                                                              model enhancement, approval of important models
                                                                              and key parameters.

                                                                       We checked and assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                       consolidated financial statement disclosures in relation to
                                                                       the measurement of expected credit loss in the context of
                                                                       applicable accounting framework.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                  157
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Consolidation of structured entities

The Group holds interests in many different structured           We understood, evaluated and tested the design and
entities as a result of its business activities in financial     operating effectiveness of key controls over the Group’s
investments, asset management and asset securitization.          assessment of whether it controls a structured entity.
Such interests in structured entities mainly include wealth
management products, asset management plans, trust               We reviewed the Group’s analysis, which was made on the
plans, asset-backed securities and funds. The Group needs        basis of a comprehensive consideration of all relevant facts
to comprehensively consider the power it possesses, its          and circumstances, including the power over the structured
exposure to variable returns, and its ability to use its power   entities, the magnitude and variability of the variable
to affect returns to determine whether it has control over       returns obtained from the structured entities, and the
such structured entities, and therefore whether it should        linkage between these two aspects, to assess the Group’s
include them in the scope of consolidation.                      judgement and conclusion on whether it controls the
                                                                 structured entities.
The determination of control over structured entities
requires significant judgements regarding multiple factors.      We understood the purpose for establishing the structured
These encompass: the purpose and design of the structured        entities and reviewed of the relevant contractual
entities; the Group’s capacity to direct their relevant          documents, on a sampling basis. Taking into account the
activities; both direct and indirect beneficial interests and    liquidity support, credit enhancement, and other relevant
returns; performance-based management fees; as well as           circumstances provided by the Group to structured entities
gains or losses arising from providing credit enhancements       initiated by itself such as wealth management products,
or liquidity support. Comprehensive analysis of these factors    we analyzed whether the Group has legal or constructive
and concluding on whether the Group has control involve          obligations to ultimately absorb losses from these entities.
significant management judgements and estimates.                 W e a sse sse d t h e a p p r o p r i a t e n e ss o f m a n a g e m e n t’s
                                                                 judgement on the consolidation of structured entities to the
In view of the materiality and the complexity of management      consolidated financial statements.
judgements, we consider consolidation assessment of
structured entities a key audit matter.                          We checked and assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                 consolidated financial statement disclosures in relation to
Relevant disclosures are included in Note 4(1), Note 5(1) and    the consolidation of structured entities in the context of
Note 64 to the consolidated financial statements.                applicable accounting framework.
158   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Other information included in the Annual Report
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.
      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
      we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
      that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



      Responsibilities of Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.
      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
      solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
      person for the contents of this report.
      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
      will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
      material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
      taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  159
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
       based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
       may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.
•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
       of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Benny Bing Yin Cheung.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong




25 March 2025
160   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        Notes      2024        2023
      Interest income                                                    6       374,271     375,610
      Interest expense                                                   7      (162,994)   (160,941)
      Net interest income                                                       211,277     214,669
      Fee and commission income                                          8       81,040      92,834
      Fee and commission expense                                                 (8,946)     (8,726)
      Net fee and commission income                                              72,094      84,108
      Other net income                                                   9       51,118      37,825
      – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                       4,045         967
      Operating income                                                           334,489     336,602
      Operating expenses                                                 10     (117,650)   (120,991)
      Operating profit before impairment losses and taxation                    216,839     215,611
      Expected credit losses                                             14     (39,976)    (41,278)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                            (843)       (191)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                 25       1,713       1,860
      Share of profits of associates                                     26         919         616
      Profit before taxation                                                    178,652     176,618
      Income tax                                                         15     (29,093)    (28,612)
      Profit for the year                                                       149,559     148,006
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                148,391     146,602
      Non-controlling interests                                                   1,168       1,404
      Earnings per share
      Basic and diluted (RMB Yuan)                                       17         5.66        5.63

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                      161
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                       Note     2024       2023
Profit for the year                                                           149,559    148,006
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                23,770      2,373
     – Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) from
         equity-accounted investees                                             2,452       202
     – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                         16,423      3,337
     – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
         measured at fair value through other comprehensive income              3,000     (2,045)
     – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                    (36)       (59)
     – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
         foreign operations                                                     1,931       983
     – Other                                                                        –       (45)
  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                         2,923       358
     – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                          2,903       354
     – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                     20         4
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                    16      26,693      2,731
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                     26,571      2,658
Non-controlling interests                                                         122         73
Total comprehensive income for the year                                       176,252    150,737
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                    174,962    149,260
Non-controlling interests                                                       1,290      1,477

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
162   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2024
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Notes        2024         2023
      Assets
      Cash                                                                            16,622       14,931
      Precious metals                                                                  9,415        2,321
      Balances with central banks                                          18        557,443      667,871
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                 19        220,231      100,769
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions               20        408,955      287,694
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                 21        271,329      172,246
      Loans and advances to customers                                      22      6,632,548    6,252,755
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss          23(a)      617,018      526,145
      Derivative financial assets                                         60(f)       32,533       18,733
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                  23(b)    1,941,580    1,749,024
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   23(c)    1,092,127      899,102
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                             23(d)      22,315       19,649
      Interests in joint ventures                                          25        19,310       15,707
      Interests in associates                                              26        11,705       10,883
      Investment properties                                                27         1,117        1,160
      Property and equipment                                               28       128,761      115,348
      Right-of-use assets                                                 29(a)      16,890       17,041
      Intangible assets                                                    30         2,196        2,709
      Goodwill                                                             31         9,954        9,954
      Deferred tax assets                                                  32        83,674       90,557
      Other assets                                                         33        56,313       53,884
      Total assets                                                                12,152,036   11,028,483

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                              163
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                          Notes        2024         2023
Liabilities
Borrowing from central banks                                                         189,934      378,621
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                       34        699,975      508,378
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                     35        235,376      247,299
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                 36         67,461       43,958
Derivative financial liabilities                                          60(f)       31,583       17,443
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                   37         84,042      135,078
Deposits from customers                                                    38      9,195,329    8,240,498
Salaries and welfare payable                                              39(a)       34,512       28,679
Tax payable                                                                40         11,713       13,597
Contract liabilities                                                       41          4,193        5,486
Lease liabilities                                                         29(b)       12,778       12,675
Provisions                                                                 42         16,762       19,662
Debt securities issued                                                     43        222,921      176,578
Deferred tax liabilities                                                   32          1,592        1,607
Other liabilities                                                          44        110,390      113,195
Total liabilities                                                                 10,918,561    9,942,754
Equity
Share capital                                                              45        25,220       25,220
Other equity instruments                                                   46       180,446      150,446
  – Preference shares                                                     46(a)      27,468       27,468
  – Perpetual bonds                                                       46(b)     152,978      122,978
Capital reserve                                                            47        65,429       65,432
Investment revaluation reserve                                             48        38,385       13,656
Hedging reserve                                                            49            56           92
Surplus reserve                                                            50       122,652      108,737
General reserve                                                            51       154,932      141,481
Retained earnings                                                                   583,638      518,638
Proposed profit appropriation                                             52(b)      50,440       49,734
Exchange reserve                                                           53         4,816        2,934
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                              1,226,014    1,076,370
Non-controlling interests                                                              7,461        9,359
  – Non-controlling interest                                                           7,461        6,521
  – Perpetual debt capital                                                62(a)            –        2,838
Total equity                                                                       1,233,475    1,085,729
Total equity and liabilities                                                      12,152,036   11,028,483

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 March 2025.




Miao Jianmin                                                 Wang Liang
Director                                                     Director
164   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
      (Expressed In Millions Of Renminbi Unless Otherwise Stated)


                                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                   Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                     Non-controlling interests
                                                            Other equity instruments
                                                                                                  Investment                                                                Proposed                                 Non- Perpetual
                                                   Share    Preference Perpetual       Capital revaluation      Hedging         Surplus      General     Retained              profit Exchange                 controlling       debt
                                          Notes   capital       shares       bonds     reserve       reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve    earnings       appropriation    reserve   Subtotal       interest     capital       Total

      At 1 January 2024                           25,220        27,468     122,978     65,432         13,656          92       108,737       141,481         518,638          49,734      2,934 1,076,370           6,521       2,838 1,085,729
      Changes in equity for the year                   –             –      30,000          (3)       24,729          (36)      13,915        13,451          65,000             706      1,882    149,644            940       (2,838)    147,746
         (a) Net profit for the year                   –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –        148,391                –          –   148,391          1,075          93      149,559
         (b) Other comprehensive
                income for the year        16          –             –           –           –        24,725          (36)            –             –              –                –     1,882     26,571             74          48       26,693
      Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                  –             –           –           –        24,725          (36)            –             –        148,391                –     1,882    174,962          1,149         141      176,252

         (c) Capital movement
                from equity holders                    –             –      30,000          (3)            –            –             –             –              –                –         –     29,997             75       (2,886)     27,186
              (i) Increase in non-
                        controlling
                        interests                      –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –              –                –          –          –            75            –         75
              (ii) Issue of perpetual
                        bonds             46(b)        –             –      30,000          (3)            –            –             –             –              –                –         –     29,997              –            –      29,997
              (iii) Redemption of
                        perpetual debt
                        capital            62          –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –              –                –         –           –             –       (2,886)     (2,886)
         (d) Profit appropriations                     –             –           –           –             –            –       13,915        13,451         (83,387)            706           –    (55,315)         (284)         (93)    (55,692)
              (i) Appropriations to
                        statutory
                        surplus reserve    50          –             –           –           –             –            –       13,915              –        (13,915)               –         –           –             –            –           –
              (ii) Appropriations to
                        general reserve    51          –             –           –           –             –            –             –       13,451         (13,451)               –         –           –             –            –           –
              (iii) Dividends paid for
                        the year 2023     52(a)        –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –              –          (49,734)         –    (49,734)         (284)           –     (50,018)
              (iv) Distribution to
                        perpetual debt
                        capital            62          –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –              –                –         –           –             –          (93)        (93)
              (v) Proposed
                        dividends for
                        the year 2024     52(b)        –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –        (50,440)         50,440           –          –             –            –           –
              (vi) Dividends to
                        preference
                        shares                         –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –           (996)               –          –       (996)            –            –        (996)
              (vii) Distribution to
                        perpetual bonds                –             –           –           –             –            –             –             –         (4,585)               –          –     (4,585)            –            –      (4,585)
         (e) Transfers within
                equity upon disposal
                of equity
                instruments
                designated at fair
                value through other
                comprehensive
                income                                 –             –           –           –             4            –             –             –             (4)               –         –           –             –            –           –
      At 31 December 2024                         25,220        27,468     152,978     65,429         38,385          56       122,652       154,932         583,638          50,440      4,816 1,226,014           7,461            – 1,233,475

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                                    165
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                     Non-controlling interests
                                                      Other equity instruments

                                                                                            Investment                                                                  Proposed                                 Non-    Perpetual
                                             Share    Preference    Perpetual    Capital    revaluation     Hedging         Surplus         General      Retained          profit   Exchange               controlling        debt
                                    Notes   capital       shares       bonds     reserve        reserve      reserve         reserve        reserve      earnings   appropriation     reserve   Subtotal      interest      capital      Total

At 1 January 2023                           25,220       27,468       92,978     65,435        11,815           151          94,985        132,471       449,139          43,832       2,009    945,503         5,948        2,787     954,238
Changes in equity for the year                   –            –       30,000          (3)        1,841           (59)        13,752          9,010        69,499           5,902         925    130,867           573           51     131,491
   (a) Net profit for the year                   –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –      146,602               –           –    146,602         1,222          182     148,006
   (b) Other comprehensive
          income for the year        16          –            –             –          –         1,792           (59)              –              –            –               –         925      2,658            22           51       2,731
Total comprehensive income
   for the year                                  –            –             –          –         1,792           (59)              –              –      146,602               –         925    149,260         1,244          233     150,737

   (c) Capital movement
          from equity holders                    –            –       30,000          (3)            –             –               –              –            –               –           –     29,997          (383)            –     29,614
        (i) Decrease in
                  non-controlling
                  interests                      –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –            –               –           –          –          (383)            –       (383)
        (ii) Issue of perpetual
                  bonds             46(b)        –            –       30,000          (3)            –             –               –              –            –               –           –     29,997             –             –     29,997
   (d) Profit appropriations                     –            –             –          –             –             –         13,752          9,010       (77,054)          5,902           –    (48,390)         (288)        (182)    (48,860)
        (i) Appropriations
                  to statutory
                  surplus reserve    50          –            –             –          –             –             –         13,752               –      (13,752)              –           –          –             –             –          –
        (ii) Appropriations to
                  general reserve    51          –            –             –          –             –             –               –         9,010        (9,010)              –           –          –             –             –          –
        (iii) Dividends paid for
                  the year 2022     52(a)        –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –            –         (43,832)          –    (43,832)         (288)            –    (44,120)
        (iv) Distribution to
                  perpetual debt
                  capital            62          –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –            –               –           –          –             –         (182)       (182)
        (v) Proposed
                  dividends for
                  the year 2023     52(b)        –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –      (49,734)         49,734           –          –             –             –          –
        (vi) Dividends to
                  preference
                  shares                         –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –         (996)              –           –       (996)            –             –       (996)
        (vii) Distribution to
                  perpetual bonds                –            –             –          –             –             –               –              –       (3,562)              –           –     (3,562)            –             –     (3,562)
   (e) Transfers within
          equity upon disposal
          of equity
          instruments
          designated at fair
          value through other
          comprehensive
          income                                 –            –             –          –            49             –               –              –          (49)              –           –          –             –             –          –
At 31 December 2023                         25,220       27,468      122,978     65,432        13,656             92       108,737         141,481       518,638          49,734       2,934 1,076,370          6,521        2,838 1,085,729

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
166   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                       2024          2023
      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                                        178,652       176,618
      Adjustments for:
        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                     43,608        46,635
        – Impairment losses on investments and other                                  (2,789)       (5,166)
        – Unwinding of discount on loans and advances                                   (223)         (257)
        – Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties            11,454        11,008
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          4,107         4,205
        – Amortisation of other assets                                                   925         1,170
        – Net gains on debt securities and equity investments                        (26,024)      (18,149)
        – Interest income on investments                                             (84,924)      (80,836)
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities                                   7,656         7,781
        – Share of profits of associates                                                (919)         (616)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                          (1,713)       (1,860)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets            (249)         (168)
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          457           480

      Changes in:
      Balances with central banks                                                    14,860        (5,004)
      Loans and advances to customers                                              (432,133)     (482,711)
      Other assets                                                                   20,925           817
      Deposits from customers                                                       941,149       619,696
      Amounts due to banks and other financial institutions                         129,098       (69,249)
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions with
        original maturity over 3 months                                            (160,145)      (13,744)
      Borrowing from central banks                                                 (187,678)      247,751
      Other liabilities                                                              21,479       (45,862)
      Cash generated from operating activities before income tax payment            477,573       392,539
      Income tax paid                                                                (30,550)      (34,786)
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                  447,023       357,753
      Investing activities
      Proceeds from disposals and redemptions of investments                       2,045,080     1,954,061
      Investment income received                                                     113,717        97,963
      Proceeds from the disposals of property and equipment and other assets          10,757         4,950
      Proceeds from the disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures          416           154
      Payment for the purchases of investments                                    (2,427,328)   (2,282,035)
      Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures         (571)          (39)
      Payment for the purchases of property and equipment and other assets           (34,930)      (30,161)
      Net cash used in investing activities                                        (292,859)     (255,107)

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                   167
Annual Report 2024 (H share)


                                                                  Notes     2024        2023
Financing activities
Proceeds from the issuance of negotiable interbank
  certificates of deposit                                         55(b)   155,569     68,608
Proceeds from the issuance of certificates of deposit and
  other debt securities                                           55(b)    61,462      66,504
Proceeds from the issuance of debt securities                     55(b)    24,995      25,201
Proceeds from the issuance of perpetual bonds                              29,997      29,997
Proceeds from other financing activities                          55(b)     9,947      17,303
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposit         55(b)   (90,160)   (112,584)
Repayment of certificates of deposit and other debt securities    55(b)   (49,187)    (48,267)
Repayment of debt securities                                      55(b)   (59,989)    (51,146)
Payment for lease liabilities                                     55(b)    (4,793)     (5,053)
Payment for redemption of perpetual debt capital                           (2,886)          –
Distribution paid on perpetual debt capital                       55(b)       (93)       (182)
Payment for dividends distribution                                55(b)   (50,018)    (44,120)
Distribution paid on preference shares                            55(b)      (996)       (996)
Distribution paid on perpetual bonds                              55(b)    (4,585)     (3,562)
Interest paid on financing activities                             55(b)    (5,339)     (7,482)
Payment for other financing activities                            55(b)   (11,775)     (7,210)
Net cash used in financing activities                                       2,149     (72,989)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 156,313     29,657
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                 599,019    567,198
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     1,195      2,164
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       55(a)   756,527    599,019
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received                                                         288,626    293,467
Interest paid                                                             142,636    121,178

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
168   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


      1.       Organisation and principal activities
      (1)      Organisation
               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank established in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of
               China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC, the
               A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002. On 22 September 2006, the Bank’s
               H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”).
               As at 31 December 2024, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the mainland China, Hong
               Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has two representative offices
               in New York and Taipei.



      (2)      Principal activities
               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



      2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      (1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and
               its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
               requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with
               the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
               Kong Limited.



      (2)      Basis of measurement
               These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and unless otherwise stated, rounded
               to the nearest million. RMB is the functional currency of the domestic operations of the Group. The functional
               currencies of overseas branches and subsidiaries are determined in accordance with the primary economic
               environment in which they operate, and are translated into RMB for the preparation of these financial statements
               according to Note 4(15).
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period and the measurement principles as explained
               below.
               Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
               between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
               estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
               into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
               account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
               purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
               transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
               of IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
               realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
               In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
               the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
               the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
               Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
               access at the measurement date;
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   169
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



2.     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
(2)    Basis of measurement (continued)
       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
       liability, either directly or indirectly; and
       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
       The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires management to
       make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets
       and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
       and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
       basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
       other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
       recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
       the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
       Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect
       on the consolidated financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future
       periods are discussed in Note 5.



3.     Application of new and amendments to IFRS ACCOUNTING
       STANDANDS
       Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards effective in current year applied by
       the Group
       Amendments to IFRS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
       Amendments to IAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
       Amendments to IAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
       Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                    Supplier Finance Arrangements

       The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material impact on
       the Group’s financial position and performance for the current and prior years or on the disclosures set out in these
       consolidated financial statements.



       Standards and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are issued but
       not yet effective and have not been adopted by the Group
                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                        annual period
                                                                                                        beginning on or after
       Amendments to IAS 21                    Lack of Exchangeability                                  1 January 2025

       Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7         Amendments to the Classification and                     1 January 2026
                                                Measurement of Financial Instruments

       Annual Improvements to                  Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9,                    1 January 2026
         IFRS Accounting Standards –            IFRS 10 and IAS 7
         Volume 11

       IFRS 18                                 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements      1 January 2027

       IFRS 19                                 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:              1 January 2027
                                                 Disclosures

       Amendments to IFRS 10 and               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor       the date to be
        IAS 28                                   and its Associate or Joint Venture                       determined
170   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      3.     Application of new and amendments to IFRS ACCOUNTING
             STANDANDS (continued)
             Standards and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are issued but
             not yet effective and have not been adopted by the Group (continued)
             IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
             IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought forward
             from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of
             profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses
             within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income
             taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about
             management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the
             grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements
             and the notes. Some requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes
             in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a
             consequence of the issuance of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement
             of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings per Share and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor
             consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to
             other IFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier
             application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements
             and assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.
             The standards and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards except IFRS 18 mentioned above are not expected to
             have material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.



      4.     Material accounting policy information
             The Group establishes its accounting policies and estimates in accordance with the specific characteristics of its
             business operations, as further elaborated in the relevant notes.
             In assessing the materiality of financial information, the Group evaluates both the nature and magnitude of financial
             statement items within its operational context. For qualitative materiality judgements, it considers whether an item
             arises from ordinary business activities or significantly impacts the Group’s financial position, operating results, or
             cash flows. For quantitative assessments, the Group examines the item’s proportional weight relative to total assets,
             total liabilities, shareholders’ equity, operating revenue, operating costs, or net profit.



      (1)    Business combination
             Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
             by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
             with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
             the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
             An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
             commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
             arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. If the
             intra-group transaction indicates that the relevant assets have impairment losses, the losses shall be recognised in
             full.
             When necessary, adjustments are made by the Group to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
             accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
             Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
             in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
             result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
             of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
             consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity holders
             of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
             the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
             holders of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        171
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(1)    Business combination (continued)
       Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
       transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
       consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
       or loss is recognised.
       When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
       subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
       subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
       on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
       investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


       Business combinations or asset acquisitions
      Optional concentration test
       The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
       simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities or assets is not a business. The concentration test is
       met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
       group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
       tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set
       of activities or assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.


      Asset acquisitions
       When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
       and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
       first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
       is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
       purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.


      Business combination
       Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
       business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
       the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
       the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
       At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
       contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
       assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS
       12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits , respectively.
       Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
       proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially recognised at either fair value or
       the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
       The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
172   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (2)    Joint ventures
             A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net
             assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
             Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
             about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
             When judging whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
             –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
             –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                    parties sharing control.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
             year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
             ventures.
             Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
             of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
             Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
             assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
             the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
             impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
             and 4(10)).
             When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
             recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
             obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
             ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
             substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
             Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
             to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
             impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
             When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and has no significant influence on it, it is
             accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
             the consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit
             or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value
             and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



      (3)    Associates
             Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control. Significant
             influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
             or joint control of those policies.
             When judging whether there is any significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
             –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
             –      participation in policy-making processes;
             –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
             Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method.
             Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
             of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
             Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
             assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
             the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year,
             including any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see
             Notes 4(4) and 4(10)).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       173
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(3)    Associates (continued)
       When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
       recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
       obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
       is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
       form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
       Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
       extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
       of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
       When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
       entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
       former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
       as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



(4)    Goodwill
       Goodwill represents the excess of
       (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
              based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
              held equity interests in the acquiree; over
       (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
       When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
       purchase.
       Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
       to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
       combination and tested at least annually for impairment (see Note 4(10)).
       On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
       of the profit or loss on disposal.



(5)    Financial instruments
       Initial recognition
       A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
       equity instrument of another enterprise.
       All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
       way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
       established by regulation or convention in the market place.
      At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
      receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
      from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
      assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss)
      are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
      recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair
      value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
       The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
       and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
       rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
       received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
       through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
       net carrying amount on initial recognition. When determining the effective interest rate, the Group estimates the
       future cash flow on the basis of considering all contract terms of financial assets or financial liabilities, but does not
       consider the expected credit loss.
174   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Classification and measurement of financial assets
             The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
             assets at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss.
             Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
             •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
             •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                     of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
             Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
             •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                     cash flows and selling; and
             •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                     of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
             All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
             the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
             subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
             income (“OCI”).
             A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
             •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
             •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                     together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
             •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
                     hedging instrument.
             In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
             as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


            Financial assets at amortised cost
             Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method, and the
             gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is calculated
             by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
             that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
             interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset
             in subsequent reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that
             the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
             rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
             determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


            Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
             Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
             income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
             or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated
             under the heading of investment revaluation reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with
             corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of debt instruments. The amounts that are
             recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt
             instruments had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains
             or losses previously recognised in investment revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    175
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
       At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an
       instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as
       at FVTOCI. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
       Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
       in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
       cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
       transferred to retained earnings.
       Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
       to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
       investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


      Financial assets at FVTPL
       Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
       FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
       period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
       loss includes fair value gains or losses, any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset, and is included in
       “other net income”.


       Impairment under ECL model
       The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
       are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments , including financial assets at amortised cost, debt
       instrument assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, leases receivable, loan commitments and
       financial guarantee contracts. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
       since initial recognition.
       The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
       represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
       months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
       events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
       to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
       as well as the forecast of future conditions.
      For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, except for the purchased or originated credit-impaired
      financial assets, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed
      at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to recognise lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of
      these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the initial recognition, the Group recognises a loss
      allowance for the financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant increase in
      credit risk, the Group recognises a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The Group recognises the loss
      allowance of receivables that result from transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts
      with customers at an amount equal to lifetime ECL.


      Significant increase in credit risk
       In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
       of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
       the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
       quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
       forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
       has increased significantly is detailed in Note 60(a).
176   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Impairment under ECL model (continued)
            Credit-impaired financial assets
             The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
             management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
             when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


            Measurement and recognition of ECL
             ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. The
             measurement and recognition of ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
             Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
             accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
             interest rate determined at initial recognition.
             For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
             measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases .
             For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
             debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
             the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
             that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
             For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
             are due to the Group:
             •       if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
             •       the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
             The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is recognised in profit or loss and
             accumulated in provisions. As for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
             accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets.
             The loss allowance for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is
             recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.


             Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL
             Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading (including derivatives
             belonging to financial liabilities) or (ii) designated as at FVTPL. Except for hedging accounting, financial liabilities
             measured at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value and all changes in fair value are recognised in profit or
             loss.
             A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
             •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
             •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                     together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
             •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
                     hedging instrument.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        177
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
       A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
       recognition if:
       •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
              otherwise arise; or
       •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
              and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
              management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis;
              or
       •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
              permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


      Other financial liabilities
       Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial liabilities formed by the transfer of financial assets that do not meet
       the conditions for derecognition or by continued involvement in transferred financial assets, financial guarantee
       contract and loan commitment, other financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost, which
       are subsequently measured at amortised cost and the gains or losses arising from derecognition or amortisation are
       included in profit or loss.


       Hedge accounting
       At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group designates the hedging arrangement and prepares written
       documentation outlining the hedging relationship, risk management objectives, and risk management strategies.
       This documentation specifies the hedging instrument, hedged item, nature of the hedged risk, and the Group’s
       methodology for assessing hedge effectiveness. Hedge effectiveness refers to the extent to which changes in the
       fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument offset changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item
       attributable to the hedged risk. The Group are continuously assessed hedging relationships for compliance with
       hedge effectiveness requirements, both at initial designation and in subsequent periods.


      Fair value hedge
       The gains or losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. When the
       hedging for the risk exposure relates to an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI, the gains or
       losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in other comprehensive income.
       The carrying amount of the hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the gain or loss
       attributable to the risk being hedged and is taken to consolidated statement of profit or loss. The adjustment to the
       carrying amount of the hedged item is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
       begins and shall be amortised to consolidated statement of profit or loss if the hedged item is a financial instrument
       measured at amortised cost. Amortisation begins as soon as an adjustment exists but no later than when the
       hedged item ceases to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses. If the hedged item is debt instruments measured
       at FVTOCI, the amounts previously recorded as cumulative adjustments of hedging gains or losses are amortised in
       similar method and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The carrying amount of the hedged
       item is not adjusted.
178   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Hedge accounting (continued)
            Cash flow hedge
             The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
             hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
             loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
             For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
             hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period during which the hedged cash
             flows affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
             criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
             transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
             no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss.


            Hedge effectiveness testing
             The Group has elected to adopt the general hedge accounting in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments . This requires the
             Group to ensure that hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy
             and to apply a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
             For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
             changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
             relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
             •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
             •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
                    and
             •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
                    item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
                    to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
             If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
             risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
             ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
             If the hedging instrument has expired, been sold, terminated, or exercised (provided that a rollover or replacement
             that forms part of the hedging strategy is not treated as expiration or termination), or if changes in risk management
             objectives result in the hedging relationship no longer meeting the risk management objectives, or if the hedge no
             longer satisfies other criteria for hedge accounting, the Group discontinues the application of hedge accounting.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 179
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Specific items
      Cash equivalents
       Cash equivalents comprise investments that are short term, highly liquid, readily convertible into known amounts of
       cash and subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, and unrestricted balances with the central banks, banks
       and other financial institutions, and amounts held under resale agreements, with original maturity of 3 months or
       less.


      Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
       Banks refer to those institutions approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other
       financial institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing
       companies which are registered with the National Financial Regulatory Administration (“NFRA”) and under the
       supervision of the NFRA and securities firms and investment fund companies which are registered with and under
       the supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
       are measured at amortised cost.


      Resale and repurchase agreements
       Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
       resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
       “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

       The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
       over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
       (as appropriate).


      Financial investments
       Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
       designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
       fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
       fair value option.


      Loans and advances to customers
       Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
       loans and advances to customers.
       Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or
       loss (loans and advances to customers at FVTPL), loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and
       advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances to customers at
       FVTOCI) in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value
       option.


      Derivative financial instruments
       The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
       option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own risk management purposes.
       The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks and financial institutions that can conduct such business
       to hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers.
       Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. Except for the gains or losses arising from the effective
       hedging portion of those derivatives in cash flow hedge and the gains or losses on the hedging instrument that
       hedges an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income, all
       other gains or losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
180   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Specific items (continued)
            Embedded derivatives
            Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
            Instruments are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
            either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not
            financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments are treated as separate derivatives with the same
            terms when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those
            of the host contracts and the hybrid contracts are not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are
            measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying
            cash flow hedging relationship.


            Equity instruments
             The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
             shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
             instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
             A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
             (i)    the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
                    another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
                    are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
             (ii)   if the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
                    instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
                    equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
                    or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
             At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued or their
             components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
             substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
             For perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued that classified as equity instruments, any distribution
             of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the perpetual bonds and
             perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redeemed amount is charged to equity. Relevant transaction expenses are
             deducted from equity.
             At initial recognition of preference shares, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
             as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
             considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
             When the Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument, fees, commissions and other transaction
             costs of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as
             profit distribution at the time of declaration.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       181
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Derecognition of financial instruments
      (a)     Financial assets
              A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
              is derecognised when:
              •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
              •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
              •      has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                     in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                     Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or
                     the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                     the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
              Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
              to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
              transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
              asset, the asset and liability are recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
              When the Group’s continuing involvement takes the form of guaranteeing the transferred asset, the extent of
              the Group’s continuing involvement at the time of transfer is the lower of (i) the amount of the asset and (ii)
              the guarantee amount (the maximum amount that the Group could be required to repay in the consideration
              received). When the Group continues to recognise an asset to the extent of its continuing involvement, the
              Group also recognises an relevant liability as the sum of the guarantee amount and the fair value of the
              guarantee contract (usually the consideration received for the provision of security).
              When the Group has completed all necessary legal or other procedures and the financial assets measured
              at amortized cost remain irrecoverable, the Group will decide to write off such financial assets and reverse
              the corresponding allowance for credit losses. The write-off constitutes derecognition of the financial assets
              measured at amortized cost. If the Group subsequently recovers any written-off financial assets measured at
              amortized cost, the recovered amount shall reduce the impairment loss and be recognized in profit or loss for
              the current period.
      (b)     Securitisation
              As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises credit assets, generally through the sale of these
              assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
              be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
              When applying the accounting policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the
              degree of transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised
              by the Group over the transferred financial assets:
              •      when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                     the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
              •      when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                     the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
              •      when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                     of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                     assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                     separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                     Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                     continuing involvement in the financial assets.
182   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Derecognition of financial instruments (Continued)
            (b)     Securitisation (Continued)
                    When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
                    not derecognised, and the consideration collected are recorded as a financial liability.
                    When the securitisation results in derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets, the Group
                    allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
                    and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. Gains or losses on
                    securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
                    of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
                    be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.


            (c)     Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                    Derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic substance
                    of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially
                    the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not derecognise
                    the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset at its fair value
                    at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will derecognise the
                    financial asset.


            (d)     Financial liabilities
                    A financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised when the obligation under the liability (or part of it) is
                    discharged, cancelled or expired.


             Offsetting financial instruments
             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial
             position when, and only when, the Group currently has there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
             amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    183
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(6)    Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
       Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
       accumulated impairment losses. When the Group cannot separately measure the fair value of its leasehold interests
       in land and the associated buildings not held under operating leases as of the lease commencement date, such land
       and buildings shall be classified as fixed assets or investment properties.
       Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over the following
       estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:

       Land and buildings                                                                                           20 years

       Investment properties                                                                                        20 years

       Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

       Leasehold improvements (leased property)                                                    the estimated useful lives

       Capitalized improvements (self-owned property)                                              the estimated useful lives

       Aircraft, vessels and professional equipment                                                   no more than 25 years

       Other                                                                                                      3 – 5 years

       Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
       comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
       of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
       in progress.
       Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
       probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
       expenditure are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense or included in the relevant
       asset’s cost according to the benefit recipient as incurred.
       Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
       between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment and investment property,
       and are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



(7)    Repossessed assets
       Repossessed assets (non-financial instruments) are initially recognized at fair value of the debt relinquished and
       presented under the “Other Assets” category. At the end of the reporting period, repossessed assets (non-financial
       instruments) are measured at the lower of carrying amount and recoverable amount. When the recoverable amount
       is lower than the carrying amount, an impairment provision is recognized for repossessed assets (non-financial
       instruments), which is recorded in the “Other Asset Impairment losses on other assets” line item of the income
       statement.
       Repossessed assets (financial instruments) are detailed in Note 4(5).



(8)    Intangible assets
       Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
       accumulated impairment losses (see Note 4(10)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged
       to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
       Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
       intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of the reporting period.
       The amortisation period of intangible assets is as follows:

       Software and Other                                            Core deposit
       2 – 20 years                                                  28 years

       Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.
184   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (9)    Leases
             Definition of a lease
             A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
             period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
             the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
             terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


             As a lessee
            (a)     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                    For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
                    the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
                    stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


            (b)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                    The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
                    arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
                    do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is equivalent to below
                    RMB35,000).
                    Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a
                    straight-line basis over the lease term.


            (c)     Right-of-use assets
                    The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                    The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
                    •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
                    •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                    •      any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                    •      whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                           site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                           conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                           Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those
                           costs are incurred to produce inventories.
                    After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation
                    and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The Group recognises the
                    depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets are
                    depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. If a lease transfers
                    the ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group expects to
                    exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the underlying
                    asset.
                    Accounting policy for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(10).


            (d)     Leasehold land and building
                    For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
                    property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
                    reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
                    for as investment properties.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       185
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(9)    Leases (continued)
       As a lessee (continued)
      (e)     Lease liabilities
              Lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
              Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value asset, lease liability is initially measured at the present
              value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date using lessee’s incremental
              borrowing rate as the discount rate.
              Lease payments refer to the payment made by the lessee to the lessor in connection with the right to use
              the leased assets during the lease term. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
              comprise:
              •       fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
              •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                      the commencement date;
              •       the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
              •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                      terminate the lease; and
              •       the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
              After the beginning date of the lease term, the Group calculates the interest expense of the lease liability in
              each period of the lease term at a fixed periodic interest rate, and recognised it in the current profit and loss
              or related asset costs.
              After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability according to the present value
              calculated by the revised lease payment amount and the revised discount rate and makes a corresponding
              adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever:
              •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                      which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                      discount rate; or
              •       the lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                      under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                      the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                      from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                      changes in the interest rate.


       As a lessor
       Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
       transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
       All other leases are classified as operating leases.
       Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
       in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
       income under finance leases are amortised using the effective interest method over the lease term. Accounting
       policy for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).
       When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating lease is recognised in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
       incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
       in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
       profit or loss in the accounting period in which it is incurred.
      When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.
186   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (9)    Leases (continued)
             As a buyer-lessor in a sale and leaseback transactions
            For a transfer of asset that does not meet the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
            to account for a sale of asset, the Group acting as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and
            recognises loan and advance to customers at an amount that equals the transfer proceed within the scope of IFRS 9
            Financial Instruments .


      (10) Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under
           ECL model
             The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets including property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
             intangible assets, investment properties, interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, goodwill and other
             non-current assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below
             the carrying amount. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount.
             The amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount
             of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future expected cash flows. In
             assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.
             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify any
             indications that other assets may be impaired.
             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
             that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
             estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


             –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                    The recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and the
                    present value of future cash flows. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
                    to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of
                    money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent
                    of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that
                    generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


             –      Impairment losses recognised
                    An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
                    amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
                    Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                    amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                    carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                    carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
                    if determinable.



      (11) Precious metals
             Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost
             and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals that are related to the
             Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
             recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      187
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(12) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
       Financial guarantees issued
       Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
       reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
       make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
       issued is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with accounting policy set out
       in Note 4(5).


       Provisions and contingent liabilities
       Except for contingent consideration and contingent liabilities assumed in business combinations not under the
       same control, Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
       constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits
       will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. A provision is initially measured
       at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors pertaining to a
       contingency such as the risks, uncertainties and time value of money are taken into account as a whole in reaching
       the best estimate. The Group reviews the carrying amount of provisions at each balance sheet date and adjusts them
       as appropriate to reflect the current best estimate.
       Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
       reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
       remote.



(13) Income recognition
       Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
       increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


       Net interest income
       Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
       “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
       on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
       is recognised in “Other net income”.


       Dividend income
       Dividend income from investments is recognised when the dividend is declared and approved by the investee.


       Rental income
       Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the
       straight-line method over the lease term.
188   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (13) Income recognition (continued)
             Fee and commission income
             Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance
             obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
             is transferred to the customer.
             A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
             of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
             obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
             price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
             The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
             at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
             to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
             techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
             consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
             to the customer.
             For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
             be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
             better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The estimated amount of variable
             consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion
             will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable
             consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated
             transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained)
             to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
             during the reporting period.
             For each performance obligation identified, the Group determines at contract inception whether it satisfies the
             performance obligation over time or satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time. Control is transferred
             over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
             relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
             •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                    Group performs;
             •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;
                    or
             •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                    an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
             If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress towards
             complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
             obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
             of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
             promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       189
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(13) Income recognition (continued)
       Fee and commission income (continued)
       If revenue is recognised at a point in time, the Group recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control
       of the distinct good or service. To determine the point in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised
       service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should also be considered. They include, but are not
       limited to:
       •      the Group has a present right to payment for the goods or services;
       •      the Group has transferred physical possession of the goods;
       •      the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
       •      the customer has accepted the goods or services.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
       nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
       principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
       The Group is a principal if it can control the goods or service before transferring it to customers. The Group is an
       agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service by another party.
       In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another party before that goods
       or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount
       of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
       services to be provided by the other party.
       A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
       transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional
       right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
       A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
       has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



(14) Taxation
       Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
       equity.
       Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
       enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
       Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
       consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
       tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
       recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
       assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
       of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred
       tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
       liabilities, using tax rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
       liabilities are not discounted.
       A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
       against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
       that the related tax benefit will be realised.
190   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (14) Taxation (continued)
             The Group shall recognise a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with investments
             in subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures that both of the following conditions are satisfied: the
             temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future; and it is probably to obtain the taxable
             income used to offset the deductible temporary difference in the future. The Group shall recognise a deferred tax
             liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates
             and joint ventures, except where both of the following conditions are satisfied: the investor is able to control the
             timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
             in the foreseeable future.
             Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
             and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
             deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
             liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
             •      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
                    the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
             •      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                    authority on either:
                    –       the same taxable entity; or
                    –       different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                            settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



      (15) Foreign currencies translations
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
             entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
             transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
             at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
             currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items
             that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
             Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
             •      exchange differences on transactions entered into as part of the effective portion of a hedge on certain
                    foreign currency risks; or
             •      exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which
                    settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
                    operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit
                    or loss on repayment of the monetary items.
             For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
             foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
             period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
             fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
             Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
             reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
             On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
             of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or
             loss.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    191
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
(16) Employee benefits
       Salaries and staff welfare
       Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
       employees.


       Post-employment benefits
       The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
       provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
       jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
       The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
       the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
       and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
       The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
       credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
       the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in
       future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any
       applicable minimum funding requirements.
       Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
       assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
       in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
       liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
       beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
       in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
       interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss.
       When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
       past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
       and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


       Share-based payment
       The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
       Senior Management (“the Scheme”), which is settled in cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured
       at the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the shares. The Group
       recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an
       amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end of
       each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value of
       the liability at each reporting period end and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in
       profit or loss for the period.
       The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
       condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
192   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      4.     Material accounting policy information (continued)
      (17) Related parties
             For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
             the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over
             the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject
             to control, common control or common significant influence by the same third party (except that the Group and
             the party are subject to common significant influence by the same third party of the other party). Related parties
             may be individuals (being members of key management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close
             family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties
             of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of
             employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party of the Group.



      (18) Segmental reporting
             Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
             identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
             the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
             geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
             unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
             services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
             products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
             individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



      (19) Fiduciary activities
             The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
             and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
             financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
             commission.



      (20) Dividends or profit distributions
             Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.



      (21) General reserve
             The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
             allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. The balance of
             general reserve includes 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, country risk provisions allocated as required by
             regulations for country risk exposures with medium, high, and very high country risk ratings and 2.5% of the income
             of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained
             by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    193
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements
       In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
       of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
       assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
       historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
       and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
       policies.



(1)    Control over structured entity
       When acting as an asset manager or investor in structured entities, the Group needs to make significant judgment in
       determining whether it controls those structured entities and consequently consolidates them. The Group evaluates
       the contractual rights and obligations under the transaction structure, analyses and tests the variable returns of
       the structured entities, and assesses whether it has the ability to use its power to influence those variable returns.
       Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgement on whether it is the
       principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
       When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among others, the scope of its
       decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
       is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
       variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



(2)    Classification of financial assets
       Classification and measurement of financial assets of the Group involves significant judgement on business model.
       The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed
       together to achieve a particular business objective. Specific considerations include how the performance of the
       assets is evaluated and measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed
       and how the managers of the assets are compensated.



(3)    Derecognition of financial assets transferred
       In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
       including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
       Group applies significant judgement and estimate in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets and
       qualified for a full derecognition.
       Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
       Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
       that it controls these structured entities and the Group needs to consolidate them. This will determine whether the
       following derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the
       financial assets are transferred.
       The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
       derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
       •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
              qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;
       •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
              Significant judgement and estimate is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before
              and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of the Group’s assessment on the extent
              that risks and rewards are transferred.
194   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (4)    Impairment under ECL model
             •      Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
                    or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
                    significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly
                    increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-
                    looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.
             •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
                    basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)
                    for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
                    credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
                    in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
                    assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
                    reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets.
             •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement
                    is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the
                    assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. Refer to
                    Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.
             •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-
                    looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
                    and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.
             •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
                    of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
                    expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii) for more details.
             •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
                    between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
                    account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.



      (5)    Fair value of financial instruments
             For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
             instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
             market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis or
             option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed by
             qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the business unit that constructed
             the valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are
             calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make
             the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be
             noted that some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates.
             Management estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is
             measured using third party information such as broker quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate
             the evidence obtained from third party to support the conclusion that the relevant valuation meets the requirements
             of IFRS Accounting Standards, including the category of the relevant valuation at the appropriate level in the fair
             value hierarchy.



      (6)    Income taxes
             Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
             Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
             treatment of such transactions is reviewed periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred
             tax assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
             assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
             which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future
             taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if
             it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                    195
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(7)    Impairment of goodwill
       The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
       that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU or
       group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make
       an estimate of the expected future cash flows from CGU or group of CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount
       rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
       expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
       revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.



6.     Interest income
                                                                                                             2024                      2023
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                   260,573                   268,240
          – Corporate loans and advances                                                                  93,282                    94,526
          – Retail loans and advances                                                                    161,740                   166,104
          – Discounted bills                                                                               5,551                     7,610
       Balances with central banks                                                                         9,698                     9,977
       Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                2,768                     2,101
       Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                             12,433                    10,596
       Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                3,875                     3,860
       Financial investments                                                                              84,924                    80,836
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                    28,699                    26,201
          – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                            56,225                    54,635
       Total                                                                                             374,271                   375,610

       Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2024, included in the above is the interest income of RMB8,868 million from loans and advances to
               customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (2023: RMB10,577 million).




7.     Interest expense
                                                                                                             2024                      2023
       Deposits from customers                                                                           130,824                   128,809
       Borrowing from central banks                                                                        4,428                     4,005
       Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                8,277                     8,307
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                              8,794                     8,931
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                            2,558                     2,628
       Debt securities issued                                                                              7,656                     7,781
       Lease liabilities                                                                                     457                       480
       Total                                                                                             162,994                   160,941




8.     Fee and commission income
                                                                                                             2024                      2023
       Fees and commissions from wealth management                                                         22,005                    28,466
       Fees and commissions from asset management                                                          10,751                    11,474
       Bank cards fees                                                                                     16,761                    19,525
       Settlement and clearing fees                                                                        15,505                    15,492
       Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                              4,219                     4,997
       Commissions on custodian business                                                                    4,891                     5,328
       Other                                                                                                6,908                     7,552
       Total                                                                                               81,040                    92,834
196   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      9.     Other net income
                                                                                                                         2024                       2023
             Net gains from fair value change                                                                           6,085                      1,846
               – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                             6,498                      1,797
               – derivatives instruments                                                                                 (357)                       104
               – precious metals                                                                                          (56)                       (55)
             Net investment income                                                                                     27,248                     19,700
               – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                        14,723                     14,132
               – gain on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                                 4,045                        967
               – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                         7,295                      3,661
                  – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                 1,224                      1,551
               – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                             947                        708
               – other                                                                                                    238                        232
             Foreign exchange gain                                                                                      4,026                      4,132
             Other income                                                                                              12,709                     11,352
               – income on operating leases                                                                            12,709                     11,352
             Other                                                                                                      1,050                        795
             Total                                                                                                     51,118                     37,825




      10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                         2024                       2023
             Staff costs                                                                                               68,088                     70,348
               – Salaries and bonuses                                                                                  52,627                     55,477
               – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                  8,013                      7,349
               – Other                                                                                                  7,448                      7,522
             Tax and surcharges                                                                                         2,950                      2,963
             Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties                                          11,454                     11,008
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                            680                        930
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        4,107                      4,205
             Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense                                             183                        216
             Other general and administrative expenses (note)                                                          30,188                     31,321
             Total                                                                                                   117,650                    120,991

             Note:   Auditors’ remuneration amounting to RMB27 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB34 million) is included in other general
                     and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    197
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
       The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows:
                                                                                   2024
                                                                  Salaries,
                                                               allowances                        Retirement
                                                              and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                            Directors’ fees        in kind          bonuses    contributions          Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
       Executive directors
       Wang Liang                                         –           2,962                –               –           2,962
       Zhong Desheng (ii)                                 –           2,790                –               –           2,790
       Zhu Jiangtao                                       –           2,793                –               –           2,793
       Subtotal                                           –           8,545                –               –           8,545
       The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
       affairs of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                   –                –               –              –              –
       Shi Dai (ii)                                   –                –               –              –              –
       Sun Yunfei                                     –                –               –              –              –
       Zhang Jian (iii)                               –                –               –              –              –
       Chen Dong (iv)                                 –                –               –              –              –
       Zhu Eric Liwei (ii)                            –                –               –              –              –
       Huang Jian (v)                                 –                –               –              –              –
       Subtotal                                           –               –                –               –                –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
          directors and supervisors
       Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                –             500
       Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Li Chaoxian                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Shi Yongdong                                    500                –               –                –             500
       Li Jian (ii)                                     74                –               –                –              74
       Li Jinming (vi)                                    –               –               –                –               –
       Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                –               –
       Luo Sheng (vii)                                    –               –               –                –               –
       Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Hongping                                    400                –               –                –             400
       Zhang Xiang                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Jin                                            –          1,433                –                –           1,433
       Cao Jian                                           –          1,788                –                –           1,788
       Yang Sheng                                         –          1,900                –                –           1,900
       Subtotal                                      3,774            5,121                –               –           8,895
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors or
       supervisors of the Bank.
       Former executive, non-executive
         directors and supervisors
       Hu Jianhua (viii)                                  –              –              –                 –                 –
       Zhou Song (ix)                                     –              –              –                 –                 –
       Hong Xiaoyuan (viii)                               –              –              –                 –                 –
       Wong See Hong (x)                               426               –              –                 –              426
       Peng Bihong (xi)                                   –              –              –                 –                 –
       Subtotal                                        426                –                –               –             426
       The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
       directors or supervisors of the Bank.
       Total                                         4,200         13,666             –             –          17,866
198   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
             The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                      remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

             (ii)     In June 2024, according to the resolutions passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Ms. Li Jian was elected as an
                      Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, whose qualification as the Independent Director was approved by the National Financial
                      Regulatory Administration (NFRA) in November 2024; Ms. Shi Dai and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the
                      Company, and the qualifications of Ms. Shi Dai and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Directors were approved by the NFRA in August 2024 and
                      January 2025; Mr. Zhong Desheng was elected as an Executive Director of the Company, and his qualification as the Director was approved by
                      the NFRA in December 2024, the emolument of Mr. Zhong Desheng shown above included the portion for his services before his qualification
                      as the Director was approved by the NFRA during the year.

             (iii)    In February 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

             (iv)     In March 2025, Mr. Chen Dong ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

             (v)      In March 2025, the qualification of Mr. Huang Jian as the Director was approved by the NFRA.

             (vi)     In June 2024, according to the relevant resolution passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Li Jinming was elected as
                      the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company.

             (vii)    In March 2025, Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to personal work arrangement.

             (viii)   In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Company due to their ages.

             (ix)     In July 2024, Mr. Zhou Song ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

             (x)      In November 2024, Mr. Wong See Hong ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company due to expiry of his term of
                      office.

             (xi)     In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to change of work arrangement.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    199
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
       The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)
                                                                                   2023
                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances                        Retirement
                                                               and benefits     Discretionary         scheme
                                             Directors’ fees        in kind          bonuses    contributions          Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
       Executive directors
       Wang Liang                                         –           3,453                –               –           3,453
       Zhu Jiangtao (i)                                   –           2,821                –               –           2,821
       Subtotal                                           –           6,274                –               –           6,274
       The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
       affairs of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                   –                –               –              –              –
       Hu Jianhua (ii)                                –                –               –              –              –
       Sun Yunfei                                     –                –               –              –              –
       Zhou Song                                      –                –               –              –              –
       Hong Xiaoyuan (ii)                             –                –               –              –              –
       Zhang Jian                                     –                –               –              –              –
       Chen Dong                                      –                –               –              –              –
       Subtotal                                           –               –                –               –                –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
          directors and supervisors
       Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –                –             500
       Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                –             500
       Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Li Chaoxian                                     500                –               –                –             500
       Shi Yongdong                                    500                –               –                –             500
       Luo Sheng                                          –               –               –                –               –
       Peng Bihong (iii)                                  –               –               –                –               –
       Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                –               –
       Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Hongping                                    400                –               –                –             400
       Zhang Xiang                                     400                –               –                –             400
       Cai Jin                                            –          1,627                –                –           1,627
       Cao Jian (iv)                                      –          1,294                –                –           1,294
       Yang Sheng (v)                                     –            967                –                –             967
       Subtotal                                      4,200            3,888                –               –           8,088
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors or
       supervisors of the Bank.
       Former executive, non-executive
         directors and supervisors
       Su Min (vi)                                        –               –             –                 –                 –
       Xiong Liangjun (v)                                 –           1,870             –                 –            1,870
       Wang Wanqing (iv)                                  –             593             –                 –              593
       Subtotal                                           –           2,463                –               –           2,463
       The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
       directors or supervisors of the Bank.
       Total                                           4,200           12,625             –                –           16,825
200   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
             The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      In June 2023, according to the relevant resolution passed at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao was elected as
                      the Executive Director of the Bank, whose qualification as the Director was approved by the NFRA in August 2023. The emolument of Mr. Zhu
                      Jiangtao shown above included the portion for his services before his qualification as the Director was approved by the NFRA during the year.

             (ii)     In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Bank due to their age.

             (iii)    In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

             (iv)     In March 2023, Mr. Cao Jian was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank. Mr.
                      Wang Wanqing ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to his age.

             (v)      In June 2023, Mr. Yang Sheng was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank. At
                      the same time, Mr. Xiong Liangjun ceased to be the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to his
                      age.

             (vi)     In March 2023, Ms. Su Min retired and resigned as the Non-Executive Director of the Bank.

             During the years of 2024 and 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors
             or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
             During the years of 2024 and 2023, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived or
             agreed to waive any remuneration.



      12. Five highest paid individuals
             During the year ended 31 December 2024, the five (2023: five) highest paid individuals included five persons in
             total. Of these highest paid individuals, three (2023: two) were directors of the Bank whose emoluments were
             included in Note 11 above. The aggregate emolument of the remaining two (2023: three) highest paid individuals
             who were not directors of the Bank is as follows:
                                                                                                                           2024                         2023
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                      RMB’000
             Salaries and other emoluments                                                                                   5,584                       8,263
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                                               –                           –
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                                            –                           –
             Total                                                                                                           5,584                       8,263

             These highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments fell within
             the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                                              2024                        2023
             HKD
             2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                                                 2                           1
             3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                                                 –                           2
             3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                                 –                           –
             4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                                 –                           –
             4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                                 –                           –

             During the years of 2024 and 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are five
             highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                     201
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
       Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group outstanding
         at year end                                                                                                         25                           35
       Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
         outstanding during the year                                                                                         33                           50




14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                                  43,608                      46,635
          – Loans and advances at amortised cost (Note 22(c)(i))                                                        41,400                      50,470
          – Loans and advances at FVTOCI (Note 22(c)(ii))                                                                2,208                      (3,835)
       Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                           1,371                      (2,935)
       Financial investments                                                                                            (2,400)                       (218)
          – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                                                        (4,130)                     (1,227)
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                                                                  1,730                       1,009
       Financial guarantees and loan commitments                                                                        (2,703)                     (2,761)
       Other                                                                                                               100                         557
       Total                                                                                                            39,976                      41,278




15. Income tax
(a)    Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Current income tax expense                                                                                       28,929                      28,695
         – Mainland China                                                                                               27,174                      27,366
         – Hong Kong                                                                                                     1,511                       1,155
         – Overseas                                                                                                        244                         174
       Deferred taxation                                                                                                   164                         (83)
       Total                                                                                                            29,093                      28,612



(b)    A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Profit before taxation                                                                                         178,652                      176,618
       Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%)                                                     44,663                       44,154
       Tax effects of the following items:                                                                            (15,570)                     (15,542)
         – Effects of tax reduction and exemption policies                                                            (18,505)                     (18,872)
         – Effects of costs, expenses and losses not deductible for tax purpose                                         4,283                        4,551
         – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions (note(i))                                        (300)                        (260)
         – Tax effect of perpetual bond/perpetual debt capital interest expense                                        (1,170)                        (937)
         – Other                                                                                                          122                          (24)
       Income tax expense                                                                                               29,093                      28,612

       Notes:

       (i)      Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.

       (ii)     The Group has conducted relevant assessments, and it has been determined that in most jurisdictions where the Group operates, the effective
                tax rate under Pillar Two is above 15%. In a few jurisdictions, the effective tax rate under Pillar Two is slightly below 15%. The Group expects
                that the implementation of Pillar Two legislation will have no significant impact on its financial condition and operating results.
202   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      16. Other comprehensive income
      (a)    Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                                              2024                                      2023
                                                                               Before-tax Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax   Before-tax    Tax benefit/     Net-of-tax
                                                                                 amount     (expense)       amount       amount        (expense)        amount
             Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss        30,256        (6,486)      23,770        2,766            (393)         2,373
                – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at
                   FVTOCI                                                         21,913        (5,490)      16,423        4,470          (1,133)         3,337
                – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
                   measured at FVTOCI                                              4,004        (1,004)       3,000       (2,775)            730         (2,045)
                – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                            (44)            8          (36)         (69)             10            (59)
                – Share of other comprehensive income from
                   equity-accounted investees                                      2,452             –        2,452          202                 –          202
                – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
                   of foreign operations                                           1,931             –        1,931          983                 –          983
                – Other                                                                –             –            –          (45)                –          (45)
             Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                 3,125          (202)       2,923          440               (82)         358
                – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
                   FVTOCI                                                          3,101          (198)       2,903          435               (81)         354
                – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                             24            (4)          20            5                (1)           4
             Other comprehensive income                                           33,381        (6,688)      26,693        3,206            (475)         2,731



      (b)    Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
             follows:
                                                                                                                            2024                         2023
             Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at FVTOCI
               Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                          21,894                         6,083
               Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss
                 upon disposal                                                                                            (5,471)                      (2,746)
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                  16,423                         3,337
             Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments measured at
               FVTOCI
               Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                                3,000                       (2,045)
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                    3,000                       (2,045)
             Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
               Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                            2,903                          354
             Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
               recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                    2,903                          354
             Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                              (33)                         (58)
               Reclassification adjustment for realised gain to profit or loss                                                 (3)                          (1)
             Net movement in hedging reserve during the year recognised in other
               comprehensive income                                                                                           (36)                         (59)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                     203
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



17. Earnings per share
       The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
       Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year.
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                          148,391                      146,602
       Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                              (996)                        (996)
             Net profit attributable to holders of perpetual bonds                                                     (4,585)                      (3,562)
       Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                   142,810                      142,044
       Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million shares)                                                  25,220                       25,220
       Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)                                                                5.66                         5.63

       Note:

       The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017 and non-cumulative perpetual bonds in 2020, 2021, 2023 and 2024. For the purpose of
       calculating basic earnings per share, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares and interests on non-cumulative perpetual bonds declared during
       the year have been deducted from the amounts attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

       The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
       as of 31 December 2024 and 2023. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation for
       both years.

       The non-cumulative perpetual bonds issued by the Bank do not contain equity conversion clauses.


18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                          2024                         2023
       Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                           507,018                      536,637
       Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                             30,335                      125,878
       Other deposits with central banks (note (iii))                                                                  19,813                        5,054
       Accrued interest                                                                                                   277                          302
       Total                                                                                                          557,443                      667,871

       Notes:

       (i)      Statutory deposit reserve funds are deposited with The PBOC and other central banks outside the Chinese mainland as required and are not
                available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions located in the mainland China are
                calculated at 6% and 4% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 7%
                and 4% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from government authorities
                and other organisations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB deposits placed by financial
                institutions outside the mainland China. The amounts of statutory deposit reserves placed with the central banks of overseas countries are
                determined by local jurisdictions.

       (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the mainland China are mainly for clearing and settlement
                purposes.

       (iii)    Other deposits with central banks primarily represent fiscal deposits and foreign exchange reserve placed with the PBOC.
204   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2024       2023
             Principal (a)                                             220,549    100,757
             Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                 (830)      (223)
             Subtotal                                                  219,719    100,534
             Accrued interest                                             512         235
             Total                                                     220,231    100,769



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2024       2023
             In the mainland China                                     176,929     62,381
                – Banks                                                166,974     57,387
                – Other financial institutions                           9,955      4,994
             Outside the mainland China                                 43,620     38,376
              – Banks                                                   43,042     37,872
              – Other financial institutions                               578        504
             Total                                                     220,549    100,757
             Less: Impairment allowances                                  (830)      (223)
               – Banks                                                    (776)      (196)
               – Other financial institutions                              (54)       (27)
             Net carrying amount                                       219,719    100,534



      (b)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2024       2023
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                      223         509
             Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      607        (287)
             Exchange difference                                            –           1
             Balance as at the end of the year                            830         223
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                         205
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                   2024       2023
       Principal (a)                                             406,817    286,247
       Impairment allowances (a)(c)                               (1,126)      (519)
       Subtotal                                                  405,691    285,728
       Accrued interest                                            3,264      1,966
       Total                                                     408,955    287,694



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                   2024       2023
       In the mainland China                                     292,720    214,881
          – Banks                                                 39,380     42,041
          – Other financial institutions                         253,340    172,840
       Outside the mainland China                                114,097     71,366
        – Banks                                                  114,097     70,625
        – Other financial institutions                                 –        741
       Total                                                     406,817    286,247
       Less: Impairment allowances                                (1,126)      (519)
         – Banks                                                    (216)       (92)
         – Other financial institutions                             (910)      (427)
       Net carrying amount                                       405,691    285,728



(b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                   2024       2023
       Maturing
        – Within one month (inclusive)                           125,756    107,390
        – Between one month and one year (inclusive)             264,359    175,523
        – Over one year                                           15,576      2,815
       Total                                                     405,691    285,728



(c)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                   2024       2023
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                      519       2,658
       Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      607      (2,143)
       Exchange difference                                            –           4
       Balance as at the end of the year                           1,126        519
206   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                         2024       2023
             Principal (a)                                             272,043    172,708
             Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                 (746)      (589)
             Subtotal                                                  271,297    172,119
             Accrued interest                                               32        127
             Total                                                     271,329    172,246



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2024       2023
             In the mainland China                                     271,387    172,334
                – Banks                                                 53,048      9,961
                – Other financial institutions                         218,339    162,373
             Outside the mainland China                                   656         374
              – Banks                                                      72          88
              – Other financial institutions                              584         286
             Total                                                     272,043    172,708
             Less: Impairment allowances                                  (746)      (589)
               – Banks                                                    (176)      (148)
               – Other financial institutions                             (570)      (441)
             Net carrying amount                                       271,297    172,119



      (b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                         2024       2023
             Maturing
              – Within one month (inclusive)                           271,297    172,119
             Total                                                     271,297    172,119



      (c)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                         2024       2023
             Bonds                                                     257,549    164,702
             Bills                                                      13,748      7,417
             Total                                                     271,297    172,119



      (d)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2024       2023
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                      589       1,094
             Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      157        (505)
             Balance as at the end of the year                            746         589
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          207
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers
(a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                          2024                2023
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)        6,300,863            5,913,324
        Accrued interest                                                                10,565               11,442
        Subtotal                                                                     6,311,428            5,924,766
        Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at
          amortised cost (i)                                                          (265,365)            (266,805)
        Loss allowances of accrued interest                                               (982)                (815)
        Subtotal                                                                      (266,347)            (267,620)
        Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                            6,045,081            5,657,146
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                 551,692              525,179
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                  35,775               70,430
        Total                                                                        6,632,548            6,252,755



(i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                          2024                2023
        Corporate loans and advances                                                 2,656,238            2,475,432
        Retail loans and advances                                                    3,644,625            3,437,883
        Discounted bills                                                                     –                    9
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost            6,300,863            5,913,324
        Less: Loss allowances                                                         (265,365)            (266,805)
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                (152,598)            (165,866)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                             (56,926)             (47,729)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                 (55,841)             (53,210)
        Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost              6,035,498            5,646,519



(ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                          2024                2023
        Corporate loans and advances                                                   206,343             120,762
        Discounted bills                                                               345,349             404,417
        Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                      551,692             525,179
        Loss allowances                                                                  (4,936)             (2,729)
              – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                   (4,515)             (2,726)
              – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                 (421)                 (3)
              – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                        –                   –

        No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
        customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                          2024                2023
        Corporate loans and advances                                                     1,159                3,661
        Discounted bills                                                                34,601               66,701
        Accrued interest                                                                    15                   68
        Total                                                                           35,775               70,430
208   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers
      (i)    Analysed by industry sector and category:
            Operations in the mainland China
                                                                                         2024               2023
             Manufacturing                                                            652,430            557,691
             Transportation, storage and postal services                              497,123            477,016
             Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas and water             333,400            259,864
             Property development                                                     287,798            303,707
             Wholesale and retail                                                     222,593            187,737
             Leasing and commercial services                                          186,736            186,463
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                             124,026             95,394
             Construction                                                             105,294            110,577
             Finance                                                                   89,007             88,296
             Mining                                                                    49,632             42,326
             Water, environment and public utilities management                        36,728             42,813
             Other                                                                     88,901             76,400
             Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                               2,673,668          2,428,284
             Discounted bills                                                         379,950            471,127
             Residential mortgage                                                   1,404,101          1,376,815
             Credit cards                                                             947,712            935,777
             Micro-finance loans                                                      824,128            750,019
             Consumer loans                                                           396,161            301,538
             Other                                                                      5,388              7,806
             Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                  3,577,490          3,371,955
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                        6,631,108          6,271,366



            Operations outside the mainland China
                                                                                         2024               2023
             Finance                                                                   51,257             45,368
             Transportation, storage and postal services                               44,972             36,248
             Property development                                                      30,753             22,960
             Manufacturing                                                             17,200             19,335
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                              10,991              8,323
             Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas and water               9,856             12,359
             Leasing and commercial services                                            7,756              6,207
             Wholesale and retail                                                       5,118             10,002
             Construction                                                               2,672                623
             Mining                                                                     2,335              4,945
             Water, environment and public utilities management                         1,051                419
             Other                                                                      6,111              4,782
             Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                 190,072            171,571
             Residential mortgage                                                      13,349              8,671
             Credit cards                                                                 131                133
             Micro-finance loans                                                        1,315              1,278
             Other                                                                     52,340             55,846
             Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                     67,135             65,928
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                          257,207            237,499

             As at 31 December 2024, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the
             mainland China (31 December 2023: over 90%).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                            209
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                            2024                2023
        Credit loans                                                                                               2,800,227                2,592,093
        Guaranteed loans                                                                                             872,494                  822,059
        Collateralised loans                                                                                       2,381,108                2,244,129
        Pledged loans                                                                                                454,536                  379,457
        Subtotal                                                                                                   6,508,365                6,037,738
        Discounted bills                                                                                              379,950                471,127
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                            6,888,315                6,508,865



(iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                            Overdue           Overdue
                                                                          Overdue               from              from
                                                                            within         3 months       1 year up to          Overdue          Total
                                                                         3 months       up to 1 year           3 years         more than      overdue
                                                                        (inclusive)       (inclusive)       (inclusive)          3 years        loans
        Credit loans                                                        29,777            15,187              2,741             1,421      49,126
        Guaranteed loans                                                     1,079             2,575              7,418             2,966      14,038
        Collateralised loans                                                 8,562             7,190              6,857             1,331      23,940
        Pledged loans                                                        2,810               249                501             1,211       4,771
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     42,228            25,201            17,517              6,929      91,875

                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                             Overdue            Overdue
                                                                           Overdue               from               from
                                                                             within        3 months        1 year up to          Overdue          Total
                                                                         3 months        up to 1 year            3 years        more than      overdue
                                                                         (inclusive)       (inclusive)        (inclusive)         3 years        loans
        Credit loans                                                        20,486            13,310              3,905             1,661      39,362
        Guaranteed loans                                                     6,971             4,360              7,053               618      19,002
        Collateralised loans                                                 6,133             4,638              5,157             1,549      17,477
        Pledged loans                                                        2,571               766              1,556             1,249       6,142
        Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     36,161            23,074            17,671              5,077      81,983

        Note:   Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

        Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
        are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:
                                                                                                                            2024                2023
        Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                              7,170               5,448
        Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                     1,542               2,565
        Total                                                                                                               8,712               8,013
210   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iv)   Analysed by ECL
                                                                                              2024
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             6,030,395       204,858           65,610    6,300,863
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                    customers at amortised cost                         (152,598)      (56,926)         (55,841)   (265,365)
             Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
               amortised cost                                          5,877,797       147,932            9,769    6,035,498
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   550,089         1,603                –     551,692
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
               at FVTOCI                                                   (4,515)         (421)              –       (4,936)

                                                                                              2023
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
             Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             5,686,659       165,105           61,560    5,913,324
             Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
                    customers at amortised cost                         (165,866)      (47,729)         (53,210)    (266,805)
             Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
               amortised cost                                          5,520,793       117,376            8,350    5,646,519
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   524,624           555                –     525,179
             Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
               at FVTOCI                                                   (2,726)           (3)              –       (2,729)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          211
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
(i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
       amortised cost:
                                                                                        2024
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)       Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                     165,866        47,729           53,210    266,805
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                   8,028        (7,877)            (151)         –
         – Stage 2                                                  (6,417)        6,817             (400)         –
         – Stage 3                                                  (1,688)       (9,413)          11,101          –
       Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                     (13,314)       19,624           35,090     41,400
       Write-offs/disposals                                              –             –          (53,154)   (53,154)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                        –             –           10,274     10,274
       Exchange and other differences                                  123            46             (129)        40
       Balance as at the end of the year                           152,598        56,926           55,841    265,365

                                                                                        2023
                                                                               – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)        impaired)      Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                     159,932        44,898           50,083    254,913
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                    7,480       (7,309)            (171)         –
         – Stage 2                                                   (5,807)       6,382             (575)         –
         – Stage 3                                                   (1,625)     (14,547)          16,172          –
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                  5,274       18,214           26,982     50,470
       Write-offs/disposals                                               –            –          (47,922)   (47,922)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off                         –            –            8,819      8,819
       Exchange and other differences                                   612           91             (178)       525
       Balance as at the end of the year                           165,866        47,729           53,210    266,805



(ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
       FVTOCI:
                                                                                               2024            2023
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                 2,729           6,563
       Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                                 2,208          (3,835)
       Exchange difference                                                                        (1)              1
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                       4,936           2,729
212   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (d)    Finance leases receivable
             The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
             leases of assets in which the Group is a lessor:
                                                                                                  2024                 2023
             Total minimum leases receivable
             Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                          16,148               15,305
             Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                          9,230                8,010
             Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                         5,495                7,573
             Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                         4,598                4,755
             Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                         4,058                3,729
             Over 5 years                                                                       18,506               19,145
             Subtotal                                                                           58,035               58,517
             Unearned finance income                                                             (8,991)             (10,491)
             Present value of minimum leases receivable                                         49,044               48,026
             Less: Impairment allowances                                                         (2,738)              (2,629)
               – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                            (642)                (661)
               – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                    (1,763)              (1,368)
               – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                          (333)                (600)
             Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                   46,306               45,397




      23. Financial investments
                                                                                Notes             2024                 2023
             Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss         23(a)          617,018              526,145
             Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(b)        1,941,580            1,749,024
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         23(c)        1,092,127              899,102
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                            23(d)           22,315               19,649
             Total                                                                           3,673,040            3,193,920



      (a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                Notes             2024                 2023
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                             (i)           603,353              513,266
             Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss    (ii)           13,665               12,879
             Total                                                                             617,018              526,145
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                      213
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL
      Financial investments held for trading
                                                                                  2024      2023
      Bonds:
        Classified by issuer                                                    243,906   251,189
          – Government bonds                                                     96,730   128,894
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         45,491    20,502
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    58,420    40,591
          – Other debt securities                                                43,265    61,202
         Classified by listing                                                  243,906   251,189
           – Listed in the mainland China                                       222,192   236,106
           – Listed outside the mainland China                                   13,079    12,787
           – Unlisted                                                             8,635     2,296
      Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets                                           2,379     4,347
          – Equity investments                                                      310       257
          – Fund investments                                                      1,026     1,440
          – Wealth management products                                              909     1,046
          – Long position in precious metal contracts                               134     1,604
         Classified by listing                                                    2,379     4,347
           – Listed in the mainland China                                           310         –
           – Listed outside the mainland China                                      134     1,604
           – Unlisted                                                             1,935     2,743
       Total financial investments held for trading                             246,285   255,536
214   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
             Other financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                         2024      2023
             Bonds:
               Classified by issuer                                                      8,146    10,619
                 – Bonds issued by policy banks                                              –       740
                 – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     1,443     3,781
                 – Other debt securities                                                 6,703     6,098
               Classified by listing                                                     8,146    10,619
                 – Listed in the mainland China                                          6,528     7,483
                 – Listed outside the mainland China                                       551     2,777
                 – Unlisted                                                              1,067       359
             Other investments:
               Classified by underlying assets                                         348,922   247,111
                 – Equity investments                                                    2,952     4,228
                 – Fund investments                                                    342,925   240,864
                 – Wealth management products                                            2,225     1,683
                 – Non-standard assets                                                     596         –
                 – Other                                                                   224       336
               Classified by listing                                                   348,922   247,111
                 – Listed in the mainland China                                            835       990
                 – Listed outside the mainland China                                       216       972
                 – Unlisted                                                            347,871   245,149
             Total other financial investments measured at FVTPL                       357,068   257,730
             Total financial investments measured at FVTPL                             603,353   513,266



      (ii)   Financial investments designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                         2024      2023
             Bonds:
               Classified by issuer                                                     13,665    12,879
                 – Government bonds                                                         43       228
                 – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          8,820     4,492
                 – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     4,802     7,327
                 – Other debt securities                                                     –       832
               Classified by listing                                                    13,665    12,879
                 – Listed in the mainland China                                         11,928    12,637
                 – Listed outside the mainland China                                     1,646       242
                 – Unlisted                                                                 91         –
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                            215
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)    Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                    2024         2023
       Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                               1,955,920    1,768,010
       Accrued interest                                                            21,328       20,796
       Subtotal                                                                 1,977,248    1,788,806
       Impairment losses of debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)(iii)       (35,459)     (39,390)
       Impairment losses of accrued interest                                         (209)        (392)
       Subtotal                                                                   (35,668)     (39,782)
       Total                                                                    1,941,580    1,749,024



(i)    Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                    2024         2023
      Bonds:
        Classified by issuer                                                    1,848,162    1,680,262
          – Government bonds                                                    1,240,885    1,179,073
          – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          494,867      442,206
          – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions      99,345       51,732
          – Other debt securities                                                  13,065        7,251
         Classified by listing                                                  1,848,162    1,680,262
           – Listed in the mainland China                                       1,743,427    1,607,814
           – Listed outside the mainland China                                     68,301       41,533
           – Unlisted                                                              36,434       30,915
        Fair value for the listed bonds                                         1,960,310    1,708,448
      Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets                                          107,758       87,748
          – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers                 49,046       73,709
          – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                commercial banks                                                  49,403        3,738
          – Non-standard assets – Other                                            8,656        9,622
          – Other                                                                    653          679
         Classified by listing                                                   107,758       87,748
           – Unlisted                                                            107,758       87,748
       Total                                                                    1,955,920    1,768,010
       Less: Loss allowances                                                      (35,459)     (39,390)
         Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                    (8,949)     (13,193)
         Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                (354)        (486)
         Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                 (26,156)     (25,711)
       Net debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,920,461    1,728,620
216   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (ii)    Analysed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                              2024
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit–
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)         Total
              Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,927,893         1,790           26,237     1,955,920
              Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                     at amortised cost                                     (8,949)         (354)        (26,156)      (35,459)
              Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,918,944         1,436                81    1,920,461

                                                                                              2023
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not          (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)         impaired)        Total
              Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,738,945         1,517           27,548     1,768,010
              Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                     at amortised cost                                    (13,193)         (486)         (25,711)     (39,390)
              Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,725,752         1,031             1,837    1,728,620



      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                              2024
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)          Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                     13,193           486           25,711       39,390
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                       –             –                –            –
                – Stage 2                                                     (40)           40                –            –
                – Stage 3                                                       –             –                –            –
              Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      (4,209)         (174)             253       (4,130)
              Write-offs/disposals                                              –             –                –            –
              Recovery of debt previously written off                           –             –              175          175
              Exchange difference                                               5             2               17           24
              Balance as at the end of the year                            8,949           354           26,156       35,459
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                217
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)
                                                                                           2023
                                                                                  – Stage 2
                                                                                   (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1       ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month            credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)       impaired)        impaired)        Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                     10,120              960          32,368       43,448
        Transfer to:
          – Stage 1                                                      –                –                –            –
          – Stage 2                                                    (37)              37                –            –
          – Stage 3                                                      –             (484)             484            –
        Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      3,111              (25)          (4,313)      (1,227)
        Write-offs/disposals                                            (5)              (1)          (2,904)      (2,910)
        Recovery of debt previously written off                          –                –               66           66
        Exchange difference                                              4               (1)              10           13
        Balance as at the end of the year                           13,193              486          25,711       39,390



(c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                  2024              2023
        Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                      1,082,577            889,736
        Accrued interest                                                                        9,550              9,366
        Total                                                                               1,092,127            899,102
        Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                    (8,620)            (6,812)
        Impairment losses of accrued interest                                                     (227)              (148)
        Total                                                                                   (8,847)            (6,960)

        No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
        FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


(i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                  2024              2023
        Bonds:
          Classified by issuer                                                              1,082,577            889,736
            – Government bonds                                                                688,572            636,625
            – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                     23,685             35,519
            – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions               230,694            149,397
            – Other debt securities                                                           139,626             68,195
          Classified by listing                                                             1,082,577            889,736
            – Listed in the mainland China                                                    781,480            676,653
            – Listed outside the mainland China                                               127,562            105,084
            – Unlisted                                                                        173,535            107,999
218   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
      (ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                                                             2024                      2023
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                        6,812                     6,540
             Charge for the year (note 14)                                                                                  1,730                     1,009
             Write-offs/disposals                                                                                               –                      (807)
             Exchange difference                                                                                               78                        70
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                                              8,620                     6,812



      (d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                             2024                      2023
             Repossessed equity instruments                                                                                2,596                     2,857
             Other                                                                                                        19,719                    16,792
             Total                                                                                                        22,315                    19,649
             Classified by listing
               – Listed in the mainland China                                                                                322                        926
               – Listed outside the mainland China                                                                        12,565                      9,515
               – Unlisted                                                                                                  9,428                      9,208
             Total                                                                                                        22,315                    19,649

             During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group disposed part of the equity investments designated at
             FVTOCI. The fair value of the equity investments disposed at the date of derecognition was RMB1,429 million (2023:
             RMB1,226 million). The cumulative net of tax loss of RMB4 million (2023: cumulative net of tax loss of RMB49
             million) was transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained earnings on disposal.



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
             The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries which principally affect the financial results, assets or liabilities
             of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are subsidiaries
             as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements of the
             Group.
                                                                                                           % of
                                                                 Place of         Particulars of      ownership
                                                                 incorporation   the issued and      held by the                             Economic
             Name of company                                     and operation   paid up capital           Bank       Principal activities   nature
                                                                                     (in millions)
             CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation      Hong Kong             HKD4,129            100%       Investment bank and    Limited liability
              Limited (note (i))                                                                                         investment
                                                                                                                         management
             CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (note (ii))   Shanghai            RMB18,000             100%       Finance leasing        Limited liability
             CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (note (iii))             Hong Kong            HKD1,161             100%       Banking                Limited liability
             China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.           Shenzhen             RMB1,310              55%       Fund management        Limited liability
               (note (iv))
             CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd (note (v))           Shenzhen              RMB5,556             90%       Asset management       Limited liability
             China Merchants Europe S. A. (note (vi))            Luxembourg              EUR100            100%       Banking                Limited liability
             Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited        Beijing                RMB500         (note (vii))   Asset management       Limited liability
               (note (vii))
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   219
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
       Notes:

       (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBIC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
                International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved for setting up by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998]
                No. 405. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBIC. The capital of CMBIC increased to HKD1,000
                million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. The Board of Directors passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital
                Increase and Restructuring of CMBIC” which agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBIC
                on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution was completed on 20 January 2016.

       (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFL”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved for setting up by the former CBIRC
                through its Yin Jian Fu [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution
                of RMB2,000 million in CMBFL. The capital of CMBFL increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained
                unchanged. In August 2021, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased
                to RMB12,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In September 2024, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million
                of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased to RMB18,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage
                remained unchanged.

       (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”) was formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
                a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
                withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

       (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
                ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
                shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became
                the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in
                CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also made capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to
                RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

       (v)      CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, approved for setting up by the former CBIRC with
                Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No. 981. It was formally established on 1 November 2019. In accordance with the approval of former CBIRC (Yin Bao
                Jian Fu [2021] No.920)”, JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited (“JPMorgan Asset Management “) has subscribed for a 10% stake
                in CMBWM in 2022 with an investment of RMB2,667 million. After the completion of capital injection, CMBWM’s registered capital has been
                increased to approximately RMB5,556 million from RMB5,000 million and the Bank’s and JPMorgan Asset Management’s shareholdings are
                90% and 10% respectively.

       (vi)     China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the former CBIRC with Yin Jian
                Fu [2016] No. 460. The Bank received an approval from the European Central Bank (ECB) for the establishment of CMB Europe S.A. in
                Luxembourg in May 2021. In June 2023, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of EUR 50 million in CMB Europe S.A. The capital of
                CMB Europe S.A. increased to EUR 100 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

       (vii)    Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) was registered and established on 18 October 2020 with the
                approval for setting up by the former CBIRC with Yin Bao Jian Fu [2020] No.708. CIGNA & CMAM is an indirectly controlled subsidiary of the
                Bank, with 87.3458% held by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and 12.6542% held by CMBIC, a subsidiary
                of the Bank.
220   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      25. Interests in joint ventures
                                                                                                                               2024                        2023
             Share of net assets                                                                                              19,310                    15,707
             Share of profits for the year                                                                                     1,713                      1,860
             Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                        2,185                         31

             Details of the Group’s interests in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                              Place of         Particulars of      Group’s      Percentage of
                                                                              incorporation       issued and      effective    ownership held
             Name of joint ventures                     Economic nature       and operation   paid up capital      interest       by the Bank   Principal activity
                                                                                                  (in millions)
             CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.       Limited liability     Shenzhen              RMB2,800       50.00%              50.00%   Life insurance
               (note(i))                                                                                                                           business
             Merchants Union Consumer Finance           Joint stock limited   Shenzhen            RMB10,000        50.00%              50.00%   Consumer finance
               Company Limited (note(ii))                 company

             Notes:

             (i)      The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., (“CIGNA & CMB Life”) and Cigna Health and Life
                      Insurance Company (“CHLIC”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests. The Bank and CHLIC share the joint venture’s risk, profits and losses
                      based on their shareholding proportionally. The Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

             (ii)     CMB WLB, one of the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), a subsidiary
                      of China Unicom Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). Former CBIRC approved the
                      operation of MUCFC on 3 March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC each held 50% equity interests in MUCFC and share the risks, profits and
                      losses proportionally based on their shareholdings. In December 2017, the Bank and CUNC made a capital contribution of RMB600 million in
                      MUCFC respectively. After the capital injection, the capital of MUCFC increased to RMB2,859 million, with the Bank’s shareholding percentage
                      becoming 15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage becoming 35%, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%. In
                      December 2018, the Bank made another capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in MUCFC, and CUNC made the same amount of capital
                      injection. After that, the share capital of MUCFC has reached RMB3,869 million. The Bank and CMB WLB then held 24.15% and 25.85% of
                      equity interests in MUCFC, respectively, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%.

                      In July 2021, CMB WLB transferred all its shares of MUCFC to the Bank. After the transfer, the Bank and CUNC each held 50% of equity
                      interests in MUCFC, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In October 2021, MUCFC converted RMB1,331
                      million of its capital reserve and RMB4,800 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the share capital of MUCFC increased to
                      RMB10,000 million after the conversion.

                      In July 2023, MUCFC completed the registration of the change of its Chinese name from “招聯消費金融有限公司” to “招聯消費金融股份有限
                      公司”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                               221
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



25. Interests in joint ventures (continued)
       Summarised financial information with necessary adjustments in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies of
       the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as follows:


       (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life:
                                                                                                                 Other          Total
                                                                                                         comprehensive comprehensive       Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                    Net        income/       income/   and cash          and       Income
                                            Assets Liabilities       Equity        Revenue        profit     (expense)     (expense) equivalents amortisation          tax
              2024
              CIGNA & CMB Life             214,689      199,905      14,784          49,553         558              4,371         4,929       1,596        141       (61)
              Group’s effective interest   106,976       99,953       7,023          24,777         222              2,185         2,407         798         71       (31)
              2023
              CIGNA & CMB Life             165,340      155,485          9,855       40,661         429                63           492        2,590        149      (944)
              Group’s effective interest    82,359       77,743          4,616       20,331         167                31           198        1,295         75      (472)



       (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                           Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                               Net comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                               Assets      Liabilities           Equity       Revenue        profit      income equivalents amortisation    tax
              2024
              MUCFC                          163,751         141,088             22,663        17,318        3,016              3,016      4,170             50       440
              Group’s effective interest      81,876          70,544             11,332         8,659        1,508              1,508      2,085             25       220
              2023
              MUCFC                          176,421         156,054             20,367        19,602        3,600              3,600      4,170             44       533
              Group’s effective interest      88,211          78,027             10,184         9,801        1,800              1,800      2,085             22       267



       Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                     Other                      Total
                                                                                                                             comprehensive             comprehensive
                                                                                                    Net loss                       expense                   expense
       2024
       Other joint ventures                                                                                (626)                           –                       (626)
       Group’s effective interest                                                                           (17)                           –                        (17)
       2023
       Other joint ventures                                                                               (1,197)                          –                      (1,197)
       Group’s effective interest                                                                           (107)                          –                        (107)
222   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      26. Interests in associates
                                                                                                                                         2024                         2023
             Share of net assets                                                                                                        11,705                       10,883
             Share of profits for the year                                                                                                 919                          616
             Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                                    267                          171

             Details of the Group’s interest in major associate are as follows:
                                                                           Place of                 Particulars of         Group’s       Percentage of
                                                                           incorporation               issued and         effective     ownership held
                                                    Economic nature        and operation           paid up capital         interest        by the Bank    Principal activity
                                                                                                       (in millions)
             Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (Note)       Joint stock limited    Taizhou                       RMB1,800        24.8559%            24.8559%     Commercial Bank
                                                    company

             Note:     The Bank, which originally held a 10% stake in Bank of Taizhou, acquired a total of 14.8559% stake from Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An
                       Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. at a total consideration of RMB3,121 million on 31 May 2021. Upon the completion of the transaction,
                       the Bank held 24.8559% stake of Bank of Taizhou. The Bank can exercise significant influence on Bank of Taizhou and therefore this
                       investment is included in interests in associates.

             Summarised financial information of the associate which is individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                         Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                             Net comprehensive comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                          Assets Liabilities      Equity    Revenue        profit      income        income equivalents amortisation    tax
             2024
             Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. 412,899      375,527       37,372      12,714       4,781                  982           5,763        15,429            521      1,009
             Group’s effective interest 101,380      93,341        8,039       3,160       1,096                  255           1,351         3,835            129        251
             2023
             Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. 402,413      369,702       32,711      12,552       4,639                  184           4,823         9,561            522      1,099
             Group’s effective interest 98,881       91,893        6,988       3,120       1,052                   46           1,098         2,376            130        273

             Summarised financial information of the associates that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                   Other                          Total
                                                                                                                           comprehensive                 comprehensive
                                                                                                      Net loss          income/(expense)                       expense
             2024
             Other associates                                                                              (726)                            33                         (693)
             Group’s effective interest                                                                    (177)                            12                         (165)
             2023
             Other associates                                                                            (5,308)                           781                       (4,527)
             Group’s effective interest                                                                    (436)                           125                         (311)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      223
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



27. Investment properties
                                                                                                   2024                    2023
       Cost:
       At 1 January                                                                                3,097                  3,301
       Transfers in/(out)                                                                            318                   (159)
       Disposals                                                                                       –                    (79)
       Exchange difference                                                                            64                     34
       At 31 December                                                                              3,479                  3,097
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January                                                                                1,937                  2,033
       Depreciation                                                                                  129                    140
       Transfers in/(out)                                                                            245                   (204)
       Disposals                                                                                       –                    (57)
       Exchange difference                                                                            51                     25
       At 31 December                                                                              2,362                  1,937
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December                                                                              1,117                  1,160
       At 1 January                                                                                1,160                  1,268

       As at 31 December 2024, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
       Group (31 December 2023: Nil).
       Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank that have
       been leased out under operating leases. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the
       market approach and the method of capitalisation of net rental income. As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of
       these properties was RMB4,322 million (31 December 2023: RMB4,432 million).
       The Group’s total future minimum leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                   2024                    2023
       Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                    199                      227
       1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                187                      196
       2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                165                      165
       3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                104                      136
       4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                106                       79
       Over 5 years                                                                                 169                      225
       Total                                                                                        930                   1,028

       The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as follows:
                                                                                                                      Fair Value
                                                                                                                            as at
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                     Level 1          Level 2         Level 3               2024
       Located in the mainland China                                       –           1,875                   –           1,875
       Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,447           2,447
       Total                                                               –           1,875               2,447           4,322

                                                                                                                      Fair Value
                                                                                                                            as at
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                      Level 1         Level 2          Level 3             2023
       Located in the mainland China                                       –           2,036                   –           2,036
       Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,396           2,396
       Total                                                               –           2,036               2,396           4,432

       In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
224   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                       Aircraft,
                                                                                                    vessels and
                                               Land and Construction     Computer        Leasehold professional
                                               buildings in progress    equipment    improvements equipment        Other      Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2024                   33,026        3,980       17,338           12,767      104,803    5,210    177,124
             Additions                                9        1,995        2,529              532       29,732      285     35,082
             Reclassification and transfers       1,413       (2,150)          46              402            –      (29)      (318)
             Disposals                             (237)           –         (839)             (94)     (16,074)    (530)   (17,774)
             Exchange difference                    113            –           63               16        1,172        7      1,371
             At 31 December 2024                 34,324        3,825       19,137           13,623      119,633    4,943    195,485
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2024                   15,984            –       14,582            8,946       16,815    4,270     60,597
             Depreciation                         1,480            –        1,812              891        6,689      453     11,325
             Reclassification and transfers        (245)           –           46              (52)           –      (46)      (297)
             Disposals                             (186)           –         (838)             (32)      (5,501)    (523)    (7,080)
             Exchange difference                     88            –           44               15          131       11        289
             At 31 December 2024                 17,121            –       15,646            9,768       18,134    4,165     64,834
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2024                       20            –            –                –        1,159        –      1,179
             Charge                                   –            –            –                –          791        –        791
             Disposals                              (20)           –            –                –          (74)       –        (94)
             Exchange difference                      –            –            –                –           14        –         14
             At 31 December 2024                      –            –            –                –        1,890        –      1,890
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2024                 17,203        3,825        3,491            3,855       99,609     778     128,761
             At 1 January 2024                   17,022        3,980        2,756            3,821       86,829     940     115,348
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   225
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                       Aircraft,
                                                                                                                    vessels and
                                                     Land and     Construction      Computer         Leasehold     professional
                                                     buildings     in progress     equipment     improvements       equipment          Other           Total
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2023                               30,501            3,787        18,516            11,678          85,741         5,478        155,701
       Additions                                           40            2,879         1,145               775          24,689           360         29,888
       Reclassification and transfers                   2,445           (2,686)           28               380               –            (8)           159
       Disposals                                          (15)               –        (2,374)              (82)         (6,983)         (625)       (10,079)
       Exchange difference                                 55                –            23                16           1,356             5          1,455
       At 31 December 2023                             33,026           3,980         17,338            12,767        104,803          5,210        177,124
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2023                               14,339                –        14,791             8,045          13,111         4,344         54,630
       Depreciation                                     1,408                –         2,064               934           5,921           541         10,868
       Reclassification and transfers                     204                –            24                 –               –           (24)           204
       Disposals                                          (10)               –        (2,319)              (40)         (2,400)         (595)        (5,364)
       Exchange difference                                 43                –            22                 7             183             4            259
       At 31 December 2023                             15,984                –        14,582             8,946          16,815         4,270         60,597
       Impairment loss:
       At 1 January 2023                                   20                –              –                 –          1,132             –          1,152
       Charge                                               –                –              –                 –            183             –            183
       Disposals                                            –                –              –                 –           (175)            –           (175)
       Exchange difference                                  –                –              –                 –             19             –             19
       At 31 December 2023                                 20                –              –                 –          1,159             –          1,179
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2023                             17,022           3,980          2,756             3,821          86,829           940        115,348
       At 1 January 2023                               16,142           3,787          3,725             3,633          71,498         1,134         99,919

       (a)       As at 31 December 2024, the process of obtaining the registration certificate for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value
                 of RMB2,394 million (31 December 2023: RMB2,476 million) was still in progress. Management is of the view that the aforesaid matter would
                 neither affect the rights of the Group to these assets nor have any significant impact on the business operation of the Group.

       (b)       As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2023: None).

       (c)       As at 31 December 2024, the carrying value of mortgaged aircraft and vessels for placements from banks and other financial institutions of
                 the CMBFL was RMB24,026 million (31 December 2023: RMB24,508 million).

       (d)       The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                             2024                      2023
                 Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                11,988                     10,711
                 1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                            10,327                      8,993
                 2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                             8,677                      7,906
                 3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                             8,178                      6,808
                 4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                             7,634                      6,363
                 Over 5 years                                                                                             29,074                     21,954
                 Total                                                                                                    75,878                     62,735
226   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      29. Lease contracts
      (a)    Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                            Motor
                                                                Land use                    Computer       vehicles
                                                                   rights     Buildings    equipment     and other         Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2024                                      6,002       25,044            10             11       31,067
             Additions                                                  –        4,423             7              –        4,430
             Decrease                                                 (61)      (4,222)           (4)             –       (4,287)
             Exchange difference                                        6           24             –              –           30
             At 31 December 2024                                    5,947       25,269            13             11       31,240
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2024                                      1,557       12,399             8              3       13,967
             Depreciation (note 10)                                   182        3,919             4              2        4,107
             Decrease                                                  (2)      (3,759)           (4)             –       (3,765)
             Exchange difference                                        –           41             –              –           41
             At 31 December 2024                                    1,737       12,600             8              5       14,350
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2024                                          59            –            –              –           59
             Decrease                                                  (59)           –            –              –          (59)
             At 31 December 2024                                         –            –            –              –            –
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2024                                    4,210       12,669             5              6       16,890
             At 1 January 2024                                      4,386       12,645             2              8       17,041

                                                                                                             Motor
                                                                     Land                   Computer        vehicles
                                                                use rights     Buildings   equipment      and other         Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2023                                      6,000       23,926            10             11       29,947
             Additions                                                  –        4,161             –              2        4,163
             Decrease                                                   –       (3,055)            –             (2)      (3,057)
             Exchange difference                                        2           12             –              –           14
             At 31 December 2023                                    6,002       25,044            10             11       31,067
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2023                                      1,375       10,953             5              2       12,335
             Depreciation (note 10)                                   182        4,018             3              2        4,205
             Decrease                                                   –       (2,584)            –             (1)      (2,585)
             Exchange difference                                        –           12             –              –           12
             At 31 December 2023                                    1,557       12,399             8              3       13,967
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2023                                         59             –            –              –           59
             At 31 December 2023                                       59             –            –              –           59
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2023                                    4,386       12,645             2              8       17,041
             At 1 January 2023                                      4,566       12,973             5              9       17,553

             The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
             basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
             length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
             option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
             change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            227
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



29. Lease contracts (continued)
(b)    Lease liabilities
       Analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                           2024                 2023
       Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                            448                  454
       1 month to 3 months (inclusive)                                                       607                  578
       3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                                      2,855                2,804
       1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                       3,145                3,085
       2 years to 5 years (inclusive)                                                      4,560                4,672
       Over 5 years                                                                        1,163                1,082
       Total                                                                             12,778               12,675

       Interest expense on lease liabilities is set out in note 7.



(c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
       Short-term lease expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
       short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and other.



(d)    During the year of 2024, total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amounted to RMB4,793 million (2023: RMB5,053
       million).



(e)    As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the leases committed but not yet commenced were not significant.
228   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      30. Intangible assets
                                                                        Software
                                                                       and other    Core deposits    Total
             Cost/appraisal value:
             At 1 January 2024                                            10,577           1,203    11,780
             Additions                                                       194               –       194
             Disposals                                                       (22)              –       (22)
             Exchange difference                                               4              43        47
             At 31 December 2024                                          10,753           1,246    11,999
             Accumulated amortisation:
             At 1 January 2024                                             8,418             653     9,071
             Charge for the year (note 10)                                   636              44       680
             Disposals                                                       (20)              –       (20)
             Exchange difference                                               7              23        30
             At 31 December 2024                                           9,041             720     9,761
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2024                                                 –                –        –
             Charge for the year                                              42                –       42
             At 31 December 2024                                              42                –       42
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2024                                           1,670             526     2,196
             At 1 January 2024                                             2,159             550     2,709

                                                                        Software
                                                                       and other    Core deposits    Total
             Cost/appraisal value:
             At 1 January 2023                                            10,393           1,181    11,574
             Additions                                                       253               –       253
             Disposals                                                       (73)              –       (73)
             Exchange difference                                               4              22        26
             At 31 December 2023                                          10,577           1,203    11,780
             Accumulated amortisation:
             At 1 January 2023                                             7,572             600     8,172
             Charge for the year (note 10)                                   888              42       930
             Disposals                                                       (46)              –       (46)
             Exchange difference                                               4              11        15
             At 31 December 2023                                           8,418             653     9,071
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2023                                           2,159             550     2,709
             At 1 January 2023                                             2,821             581     3,402
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                     229
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



31. Goodwill
                                                                                   As at               Addition             Decrease        As at
                                                                            31 December                  during               during 31 December
                                                                                   2023                the year             the year        2024
       CMB WLB (note (i))                                                            10,177                       –                    –            10,177
       CMFM (note (ii))                                                                 355                       –                    –               355
       CMB Network Technology (note (iii))                                                1                       –                    –                 1
       Total                                                                         10,533                       –                    –            10,533
       Less: Impairment allowances – CMB WLB                                            (579)                     –                    –                (579)
       Net carrying amount                                                             9,954                      –                    –              9,954

       Notes:

       (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million, being the
                excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                in Note 24.

       (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                net assets was RMB752 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million, being the excess of acquisition
                cost of RMB769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in
                Note 24.

       (iii)    On 1 April 2015, CMBIC acquired the 100% equity interests in China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (“CMB
                Network Technology”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB Network Technology’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum
                of RMB1 million, being the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill.




       Impairment test for goodwill
       The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use
       cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows
       beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate is comparable to the forecast
       long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions which does not exceed the long-term average
       growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
       The discount rate adopted by the Group is the before-tax rate and reflects the specific risk associated with the CGU.
       A pre-tax discount rates of CMB WLB and CMFM adopted by the Group are 10% and 11% (2023: 10% and 9%).
       The Group believes any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which recoverable amounts are based
       would not cause the carrying amounts of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts.
230   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                        2024                2023
             Deferred tax assets                                                                      83,674              90,557
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (1,592)             (1,607)
             Net amount                                                                               82,082              88,950



      (a)    Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) and related temporary differences are
             attributable to the following items:
                                                                                   2024                           2023
                                                                       Deductible/                      Deductible/
                                                                          (taxable)                        (taxable)
                                                                        temporary         Deferred       temporary       Deferred
                                                                        difference             tax       difference           tax
             Deferred tax assets before offsetting
               qualifying amounts
             Impairment allowances on loans and advances to
               customers and other assets at amortised cost                 294,876         73,469         297,564        74,251
             Financial assets at FVTOCI                                       1,389            233           1,605           264
             Financial instruments at FVTPL                                     845            209             451           113
             Lease liabilities                                               12,656          3,163          12,543         3,135
             Salaries and welfare payable and other                          92,695         22,081          84,873        20,538
             Total                                                          402,461         99,155         397,036        98,301
             Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting
               qualifying amounts
             Financial assets at FVTOCI                                      (32,611)       (8,153)         (9,985)       (2,496)
             Financial instruments at FVTPL                                   (9,597)       (2,399)         (1,904)         (476)
             Right-of-use assets                                             (12,575)       (3,142)        (12,317)       (3,133)
             Other                                                           (22,188)       (3,379)        (19,476)       (3,246)
             Total                                                           (76,971)      (17,073)        (43,682)       (9,351)

                                                                                                        2024                2023
             Deferred tax assets before offsetting qualifying amounts                                  99,155             98,301
             Offsetting amounts                                                                       (15,481)            (7,744)
             Deferred tax assets after offsetting qualifying amounts                                  83,674              90,557
             Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting qualifying amounts                            (17,073)            (9,351)
             Offsetting amounts                                                                        15,481              7,744
             Deferred tax liabilities after offsetting qualifying amounts                              (1,592)            (1,607)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                        231
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)
(b)    Movements of deferred tax
                                                            Impairment
                                                             allowances
                                                          on loans and
                                                           advances to
                                                         customers and               Financial            Financial
                                                         other assets at                assets         instruments
                                                         amortised cost             at FVTOCI             at FVTPL                  Other                  Total
       At 1 January 2024                                          74,251                (2,232)                 (363)              17,294                88,950
       Recognised in profit or loss                                 (808)                1,004                (1,828)               1,468                  (164)
       Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                (6,704)                    –                    4                (6,700)
       Exchange difference                                            26                    12                     1                  (43)                   (4)
       At 31 December 2024                                        73,469                (7,920)               (2,190)              18,723                82,082

                                                             Impairment
                                                              allowances
                                                           on loans and
                                                             advances to
                                                          customers and               Financial             Financial
                                                          other assets at                assets          instruments
                                                          amortised cost             at FVTOCI               at FVTPL                Other                 Total
       At 1 January 2023                                          75,278                (1,012)                  237               14,835                89,338
       Recognised in profit or loss                               (1,045)                 (730)                 (592)               2,450                    83
       Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                  (493)                    –                    9                  (484)
       Exchange difference                                            18                     3                    (8)                   –                    13
       At 31 December 2023                                        74,251                (2,232)                 (363)              17,294                88,950

       Note:   No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
               is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in
               the foreseeable future.
232   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      33. Other assets
                                                                                                                             2024              2023
             Amounts pending for settlement                                                                               14,206              13,842
             Continuing involvement assets                                                                                 5,274               5,274
             Accrued interest                                                                                              4,662               4,526
             Prepaid lease payments                                                                                          482                 203
             Repossessed assets (a)                                                                                          383                 417
             Guarantee deposits                                                                                              629                 563
             Prepayment for leasehold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                            6,617               7,436
             Post-employment benefits: defined benefit plan (note 39(b))                                                      71                  50
             Other                                                                                                        23,989              21,573
             Total                                                                                                        56,313              53,884



      (a)    Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                             2024              2023
             Land and buildings                                                                                               506               551
             Other repossessed assets                                                                                           5                 5
             Total                                                                                                            511                556
             Less: Impairment allowances                                                                                     (128)              (139)
             Net repossessed assets                                                                                           383               417

             Note:   In 2024, the Group disposed of repossessed assets with a total carrying value of RMB52 million (2023: RMB56 million).




      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                                             2024              2023
             Principal (a)                                                                                               699,306             507,460
             Accrued interest                                                                                                669                 918
             Total                                                                                                       699,975             508,378



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                                             2024              2023
             In the mainland China                                                                                       697,014             496,795
                – Banks                                                                                                   37,744              32,286
                – Other financial institutions                                                                           659,270             464,509
             Outside the mainland China                                                                                     2,292             10,665
              – Banks                                                                                                       1,157              9,884
              – Other financial institutions                                                                                1,135                781
             Total                                                                                                       699,306             507,460
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  233
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Principal (a)                                                                        234,453                246,085
       Accrued interest                                                                         923                  1,214
       Total                                                                                235,376                247,299



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       In the mainland China                                                                153,837                157,360
          – Banks                                                                           150,562                155,595
          – Other financial institutions                                                      3,275                  1,765
       Outside the mainland China                                                             80,616                88,725
        – Banks                                                                               80,397                88,512
        – Other financial institutions                                                           219                   213
       Total                                                                                234,453                246,085




36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                             29,146                16,128
       Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)              38,315                27,830
       Total                                                                                  67,461                43,958



(a)    Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Financial liabilities related to precious metal                                        28,757                15,748
       Short position on bonds                                                                   389                   380
       Total                                                                                  29,146                16,128



(b)    Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       In the mainland China                                                                  32,489                21,865
          – Other                                                                             32,489                21,865
       Outside the mainland China                                                              5,826                 5,965
        – Certificates of deposit issued                                                           –                   212
        – Debt securities issued                                                               5,567                 5,179
        – Other                                                                                  259                   574
       Total                                                                                  38,315                27,830

       As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
       designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable amount at maturity is not significant. The
       amounts of changes in the fair value of these liabilities that are attributable to changes in credit risk of the Group
       are not significant during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 and as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.
234   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                      2024      2023
             Principal (a)(b)                                                        83,747   134,863
             Accrued interest                                                           295       215
             Total                                                                   84,042   135,078



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                      2024      2023
             In the mainland China                                                   60,182   117,668
                – Banks                                                              56,941   108,366
                – Other financial institutions                                        3,241     9,302
             Outside the mainland China                                              23,565    17,195
              – Banks                                                                11,759    10,316
              – Other financial institutions                                         11,806     6,879
             Total                                                                   83,747   134,863



      (b)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                                      2024      2023
             Debt securities                                                         83,747   117,032
               – Government bonds                                                    57,326    84,438
               – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         8,530    17,266
               – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions   11,128     6,592
               – Other debt securities                                                6,763     8,736
             Discounted bills                                                             –    17,831
             Total                                                                   83,747   134,863
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    235
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



38. Deposits from customers
                                                                                                      2024                2023
       Principal (a)                                                                           9,096,587              8,155,438
       Accrued interest                                                                           98,742                 85,060
       Total                                                                                   9,195,329              8,240,498



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                      2024                2023
       Corporate customers                                                                     5,063,553              4,660,522
         – Demand deposits                                                                     2,772,365              2,644,685
         – Time deposits                                                                       2,291,188              2,015,837
       Retail customers                                                                        4,033,034              3,494,916
         – Demand deposits                                                                     1,980,251              1,829,612
         – Time deposits                                                                       2,052,783              1,665,304
       Total                                                                                   9,096,587              8,155,438



(b)    The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
       guarantees are as follows:
                                                                                                      2024                2023
       Guarantee for acceptance bills                                                               283,883            240,613
       Guarantee for loans                                                                           12,086             10,792
       Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                                                       27,385             23,843
       Deposit for letters of guarantee                                                              53,126             47,694
       Other                                                                                         21,087             27,788
       Total                                                                                        397,567            350,730




39. Staff welfare scheme
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                                2024
                                                                                          Charge/        Payment/
                                                                      Beginning        (Decrease)        transfers       Ending
                                                                        balance      for the year      in the year      balance
       Short-term employee benefits (i)                                   28,314          62,029          (55,979)       34,364
       Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans (ii)            361           6,059           (6,272)          148
       Other long-term employee benefits (iii)
         – cash settled share-based transactions                                4               –               (4)           –
       Total                                                              28,679          68,088          (62,255)       34,512

                                                                                        2023
                                                                                                     Decrease for
                                                                          Charge/        Payment/ the year arising
                                                      Beginning     (Decrease) for       transfers from disposal         Ending
                                                        balance          the year      in the year of subsidiaries      balance
       Short-term employee benefits (i)                 23,075            61,371         (56,099)             (33)       28,314
       Post-employment benefits – defined
         contribution plans (ii)                            765             5,540          (5,944)               –         361
       Other long-term employee benefits (iii)
         – cash settled share-based transactions             26               (18)             (4)               –           4
       Total                                            23,866            66,893         (62,047)             (33)       28,679
236   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (i)    Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                          Payment/
                                                                       Beginning           Charge         transfers     Ending
                                                                         balance      for the year      in the year    balance
             Salaries and bonus                                            23,592          52,627          (47,381)     28,838
             Welfare expense                                                   15           2,389           (2,350)         54
             Social insurance                                                 362           1,954           (1,974)        342
               – Medical insurance                                            345           1,812           (1,830)        327
               – Injury insurance                                               6              50              (51)          5
               – Maternity insurance                                           11              92              (93)         10
             Housing reserve                                                  141           2,940           (3,030)         51
             Labour union and employee education expenses                   4,204           2,119           (1,244)      5,079
             Total                                                         28,314          62,029          (55,979)     34,364

                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                       Decrease for
                                                                                          Payment/ the year arising
                                                      Beginning             Charge        transfers from disposal of    Ending
                                                        balance        for the year     in the year     subsidiaries   balance
             Salaries and bonus                         18,888             52,040         (47,303)              (33)    23,592
             Welfare expense                                17              2,883          (2,885)                –         15
             Social insurance                              371              1,809          (1,818)                –        362
               – Medical insurance                         353              1,679          (1,687)                –        345
               – Injury insurance                            6                 41             (41)                –          6
               – Maternity insurance                        12                 89             (90)                –         11
             Housing reserve                               157              2,602          (2,618)                –        141
             Labour union and employee
               education expenses                           3,642            2,037          (1,475)               –      4,204
             Total                                      23,075             61,371         (56,099)              (33)    28,314
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 237
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(ii)   Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                         2024
                                                                                                  Payment/
                                                                 Beginning         Charge         transfers        Ending
                                                                   balance    for the year      in the year       balance
       Basic retirement insurance                                     179            3,519           (3,629)            69
       Supplementary pension                                          161            2,430           (2,525)            66
       Unemployment insurance                                          21              110             (118)            13
       Total                                                          361            6,059           (6,272)          148

                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                   Payment/
                                                                 Beginning          Charge         transfers        Ending
                                                                   balance     for the year      in the year       balance
       Basic retirement insurance                                     151            3,465           (3,437)          179
       Supplementary pension                                          591            1,996           (2,426)          161
       Unemployment insurance                                          23               79              (81)           21
       Total                                                          765            5,540           (5,944)          361

       In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
       the municipal and provincial governments for its all employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
       December 2024, the Group’s contributions to these pension schemes are determined by local governments and vary
       at a range of 14% to 16% (2023: 14% to 16%) of the staff salaries and bonuses.
       In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
       plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
       PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are calculated at a
       rate not exceeding 8% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2023: not exceeding 8.33%).
       For its employees outside the mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
       funding rates determined in accordance with the local practices and regulations.
238   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
              The Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. After Forfeiting 0.45 million
              shares this year, as of 31 December 2024, the unexercised portion of H share appreciation rights is zero (31
              December 2023: unexercised 0.45 million shares).
              The number of share appreciation rights granted:
                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                  Exercised/
                                                                                    Phase IX              Phase X                 Total            Forfeited
                                                                              (in thousands)       (in thousands)        (in thousands)      (in thousands)
              Wang Liang                                                                     –                    –                    –                 810
              Total                                                                          –                    –                    –                 810

                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                    Exercised/
                                                                                      Phase IX              Phase X                Total             Forfeited
                                                                                (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)       (in thousands)
              Wang Liang                                                                  210                  240                  450                  360
              Total                                                                       210                  240                  450                  360

              Note:   In 2024, senior management had exercised none shares of appreciation rights (2023: 0.16 million) and none weighted average exercise price
                      (2023: HKD12.81).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  239
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
       The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
       defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension scheme. Contributions to the plan are determined based on
       periodic valuations by qualified actuaries on the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
       on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
       The latest actuarial valuation of the plan as at 31 December 2024 was performed by Towers Watson Hong Kong
       Limited, a professional actuarial firm in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits . The present values of the defined
       benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
       the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 133% (2023: 123%).
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are
       analysed as follows:
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Fair value of the plan assets                                                             283                   267
       Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (212)                 (217)
       Net asset recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position                   71                    50

       A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
       to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
       also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
       contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2025.
       There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Current service cost                                                                        (7)                   (8)
       Net interest income                                                                          1                     1
       Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                               (6)                   (7)

       The actual gain on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB24 million (2023: gain of RMB9
       million).
       The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  217                   235
       Current service cost                                                                        7                     8
       Interest cost                                                                               7                     8
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (18)                  (33)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to liability experience                                      12                    (1)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to financial assumption changes                             (20)                   (4)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to demographic assumption changes                             –                     –
       Exchange difference                                                                         7                     4
       Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          212                   217

       The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2024                  2023
       Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                267                   285
       Interest income                                                                             8                     9
       Expected return on plan assets                                                             16                     –
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (18)                  (33)
       Exchange difference                                                                        10                     6
       Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              283                   267
240   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
             The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:
                                                                               2024                            2023
                                                                          Amount               %        Amount               %
             Equities                                                        155             54.8            145           54.3
             Bonds                                                            56             19.8             52           19.5
             Cash                                                             72             25.4             70           26.2
             Total                                                           283            100.0            267          100.0

             As at 31 December 2024, deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB63 million (2023:
             RMB61 million).
             The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                       %                    %
             Discount rate
               – Defined benefit scheme                                                                3.1                  3.1
               – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                        3.7                  4.1
             Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                    3.0                  4.5
             Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  –                    –

             In 2024 and 2023, there were no significant change in the amount of retirement benefit plan liabilities due to
             changes in the above-mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
             Corporate income tax                                                                    5,680                7,301
             Value added tax                                                                         3,963                4,035
             Other                                                                                   2,070                2,261
             Total                                                                                  11,713               13,597




      41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
             Credit card points                                                                      2,838                4,132
             Other deferred fee and commission income                                                1,355                1,354
             Total                                                                                   4,193                5,486




      42. Provisions
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
             Expected credit loss on provisions                                                     14,712               17,404
             Other                                                                                   2,050                2,258
             Total                                                                                  16,762               19,662

             The expected credit loss for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
             Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                 12,560               15,200
             Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                              1,338                1,341
             Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                                    814                  863
             Total                                                                                  14,712               17,404
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                           241
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued
                                                                                                    Notes                                 2024                              2023
       Debt securities issued                                                                          (a)                             85,003                           119,193
       Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit issued                                                                             89,186                            21,443
       Certificates of deposit and other debt securities issued (note)                                                                 47,394                            34,128
       Accrued interest                                                                                                                 1,338                             1,814
       Total                                                                                                                          222,921                           176,578

       Note:       Other debt securities issued are notes issued by overseas subsidiaries of the Bank.




(a)    Debt securities issued
       As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                           Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                          Term to     Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
       Debt type          maturity    issuance      interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                    (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2021/3/11     3.40            RMB10,000            9,999                   –               1               –           (10,000)               –
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2021/6/3      3.18            RMB20,000           19,997                   –               3               –           (20,000)               –
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2021/8/24     2.90            RMB10,000            9,998                   –               2               –           (10,000)               –
       Medium term note   60 months   2021/9/1      1.25               USD300            2,130                   –              (3)             68                 –            2,195
       Medium term note   36 months   2022/3/2      2.00               USD400            2,847                   –              (1)             92                 –            2,938
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2022/5/11     2.65             RMB5,000            4,999                   –               1               –                 –            5,000
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2022/9/1      2.40            RMB10,000            9,998                   –               1               –                 –            9,999
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2023/3/27     2.77             RMB5,000            4,999                   –               –               –                 –            4,999
       Medium term note   36 months   2023/6/13     SOFR+0.65          USD400            2,846                   –               –              81                 –            2,927
       Fixed rate bond    36 months   2024/3/22     2.35             RMB5,000                –               5,000              (1)              –                 –            4,999
       Medium term note   36 months   2024/7/10     5.22               USD400                –               2,851               –             104                 –            2,955
       Medium term note   36 months   2024/7/15     5.78               USD300                –               2,139              (3)             76                 –            2,212
       Total                                                                            67,813               9,990              –              421           (40,000)          38,224

       SOFR represents Secured Overnight Financing Rate.

       Note:       Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of 364 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2024
                   (31 December 2023: 354 million RMB equivalent).
242   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (a)    Debt securities issued (continued)
             As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFL and its subsidiary were as follows:
                                                                                                                   Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                                  Term to      Date of      Annual            Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
             Debt type            maturity     issuance     interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                            (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2019/3/13    4.00             RMB500                500                 –                 –               –              (500)               –
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2019/7/3     3.00              USD900             6,382                 –                 6              30            (6,418)               –
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   2019/7/3     3.63              USD100               706                 –                 1               9                 –              716
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   2020/7/14    4.25            RMB2,000             1,995                 –                 –               –                 –            1,995
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2020/8/12    1.88              USD800             5,670                 –                 5              73                 –            5,748
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   2020/8/12    2.75              USD400             2,821                 –                 3              36                 –            2,860
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2021/1/26    3.60            RMB4,000             4,000                 –                 –               –            (4,000)               –
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2021/2/4     2.00              USD400             2,834                 –                 2              37                 –            2,873
             Fixed rate bond      120 months   2021/2/4     2.88              USD400             2,815                 –                 3              37                 –            2,855
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2021/3/22    3.58            RMB2,000             2,000                 –                 –               –            (2,000)               –
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2021/3/24    2.00               USD20               141                 –                 –               2                 –              143
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2021/9/16    1.25              USD600             4,255                 –                 4               3            (4,262)               –
             Fixed rate bond      60 months    2021/9/16    1.75              USD300             2,120                 –                 4              27                 –            2,151
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2021/9/16    0.50              EUR100               789                 –                 –              (2)             (787)               –
             Floating rate bond   60 months    2022/12/16   SOFR+1.40         USD100               709                 –                 –              10                 –              719
             Fixed rate bond      24 months    2023/2/17    3.50             RMB500                499                 –                 1               –                 –              500
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2023/2/28    SOFR+0.75          USD60               426                 –                 –               –              (426)               –
             Floating rate bond   24 months    2023/5/31    SOFR+1.00          USD75               532                 –                 –               7                 –              539
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2023/6/13    SOFR+1.05         USD103               729                 –                 1               9                 –              739
             Fixed rate bond      18 months    2023/7/10    3.05             RMB700                700                 –                 –               –                 –              700
             Floating rate bond   24 months    2023/8/16    SOFR+0.95         USD100               708                 –                 1              10                 –              719
             Floating rate bond   60 months    2023/8/18    SOFR+1.30          USD50               353                 –                 –               5                 –              358
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2023/8/23    SOFR+1.00         USD300             2,122                 –                 3              27                 –            2,152
             Floating rate bond   24 months    2023/8/25    SOFR+0.95         USD100               709                 –                 1               8                 –              718
             Floating rate bond   6 months     2023/10/27   SOFR+0.70          USD20               142                 –                 –               –              (142)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2023/10/27   SOFR+0.75          USD22               156                 –                 –               –              (156)               –
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2023/11/16   2.80            RMB2,500             2,494                 –                 2               –                 –            2,496
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2023/11/27   3.35             RMB350                348                 –                 1               –                 –              349
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2023/11/30   SOFR+1.10          USD50               355                 –                 –               4                 –              359
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2023/12/5    2.90            RMB4,000             3,990                 –                 4               –                 –            3,994
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2024/3/5     2.45            RMB3,000                 –             3,000                (5)              –                 –            2,995
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2024/3/12    SOFR+1.05          USD40                 –               284                 –               4                 –              288
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2024/3/27    SOFR+1.00          USD67                 –               475                 –               6                 –              481
             Floating rate bond   6 months     2024/3/28    SOFR+0.65          USD20                 –               142                 –              (2)             (140)               –
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2024/4/16    SOFR+0.64          USD20                 –               142                 –               2                 –              144
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2024/4/22    SOFR+0.65          USD30                 –               213                 –               3                 –              216
             Fixed rate bond      36 months    2024/5/23    2.20            RMB2,500                 –             2,500                (5)              –                 –            2,495
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2024/6/4     SOFR+0.76         USD500                 –             3,554                 2              32                 –            3,588
             Floating rate bond   34 months    2024/8/7     SOFR+0.76         USD257                 –             1,835                 2              12                 –            1,849
             Floating rate bond   36 months    2024/10/8    SOFR+0.76          USD30                 –               212                 –               4                 –              216
             Floating rate bond   48 months    2024/10/25   SOFR+0.639         USD30                 –               213                 –               3                 –              216
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2024/11/20   SOFR+0.45          USD50                 –               360                 –              (1)                –              359
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2024/11/27   SOFR+0.49         USD100                 –               720                 –              (1)                –              719
             Floating rate bond   12 months    2024/12/17   SOFR+0.49          USD30                 –               216                 –               –                 –              216
             Total                                                                              52,000           13,866                36              394           (18,831)          47,465

             Note:       Financial bonds issued by CMBFL that were held by the Bank amounted to nil as of 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 600 million RMB
                         equivalent). Financial bonds issued by CMB International Leasing Management Limited (CMBILM), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBFL, that
                         were separately held by the Bank, CMB WLB and CMBIC amounted to a total of 1,533 million RMB equivalent, 236 million RMB equivalent and
                         nil as of 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 3,212 million RMB equivalent, 563 million RMB equivalent and 70 million RMB equivalent).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                           243
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(a)    Debt securities issued (continued)
       As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBIC’s subsidiary was as follows:
                                                    Annual                                                 Issue      Discount or                       Repayment
                          Term to      Date of      interest          Nominal        Beginning            during        premium          Exchange            during           Ending
       Debt type          maturity     issuance     rate                 value          balance         the year amortisation           difference         the year          balance
                                                    (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond    36 months    2021/6/2     1.38              USD600             4,254                 –                 –              11            (4,265)               –
       Fixed rate bond    24 months    2024/4/29    3.15              RMB720                 –               720                (1)              –                 –              719
       Floating rate bond 36 months    2024/6/26    SOFR+0.65         USD100                 –               712                 –              16                 –              728
       Total                                                                             4,254             1,432                (1)             27            (4,265)           1,447

       Note:       Financial bond issued by Legend Fortune Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBIC, that was held by CMB WLB amounted to nil as of 31
                   December 2024 (31 December 2023: 75 million RMB equivalent).




44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                           2024                              2023
       Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                                 15,151                            20,845
       Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                                    48,950                            48,950
       Continuing involvement liability                                                                                                  5,274                             5,274
       Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                                   885                               665
       Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                      7                                 7
       Other payable                                                                                                                    40,123                            37,454
       Total                                                                                                                          110,390                           113,195

       Note:       Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ annual remunerations of which the payments are delayed for the
                   purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk management results, taking into
                   account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration of risk profiles and
                   profitability, the occurrence of legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant employees
                   will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.




45. Share capital
       By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                                           2024 and 2023
                                                                                                                                                            No. of shares
                                                                                                                                                               (in million)
          – A Shares                                                                                                                                                     20,629
          – H Shares                                                                                                                                                      4,591
       Total                                                                                                                                                             25,220

       All H Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.
                                                                                                                                              Capital
                                                                                                                           No. of shares                              Amount
                                                                                                                              (in million)                          (in million)
       At 31 December 2024 and 2023                                                                                                    25,220                            25,220
244   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      46. Other equity instruments
      (a)    Preference shares
                                                     Issuance       Accounting           Dividend                                                                             Conversion
                                                     date           classification            rate         Issue price           No.       Amount        Due date             conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                         (millions of       (RMB in
                                                                                                                              shares)        million)
             Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))   22 Dec 2017    Equity instruments     3.62%       RMB100/Share             275          27,468      Perpetual existence Note (ii)   None
             Total                                                                                                              275          27,468

             The changes of Preference Shares issued were as follows:
                                                                                             1 January 2024                             Increase/decrease                  31 December 2024
                                                                                                 No.          Amount                       No.          Amount                   No.      Amount
                                                                                         (millions of          (RMB in             (millions of          (RMB in         (millions of     (RMB in
                                                                   Issuance date              shares)           million)                shares)           million)            shares)     million)
             Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))                 22 Dec 2017                       275        27,468                          –                –                 275      27,468
             Total                                                                                   275        27,468                          –                –                 275      27,468

             Notes:

             (i)         Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued non-cumulative Domestic Preference Shares in
                         the aggregate nominal value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a nominal value of RMB100
                         and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.81% and subject to reset per agreement
                         subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%. On 18 December 2022, five years after the issuance of the Domestic Preference Shares, the Bank
                         adjusted the dividend rate per annum to 3.62% in accordance with market rules.

             (ii)        Domestic Preference Shares have clauses that state certain events would trigger mandatory conversion, those clauses are as follows:

                         (1)         Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                                     to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of Preference Shares, all or part
                                     of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal value of the Preference
                                     Shares in order to restore the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion, the
                                     Preference Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

                         (2)         Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of
                                     Preference Shares, all or part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal
                                     value of the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event refers the earlier of the following events: 1) NFRA having concluded
                                     that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable, and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that
                                     without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable.

                         Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the NFRA for review and determination. The Bank
                         shall fulfill the relevant information disclosure requirements of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s relevant laws and regulations
                         such as making provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

             Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid in cash. Save for such dividend at the agreed dividend rate, the holders of the above
             Preference Shares are not entitled to share the remaining profits of the Bank with the ordinary shareholders. Dividend is non-cumulative. The Bank has
             the right to cancel any dividend on Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed as a default. After the cancellation of all or part of the
             dividend to preference shareholders, the Bank shall not make any ordinary shares distribution, until the Preference Shares dividend is resumed in full.
             As the dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares are non-cumulative, the Bank will not distribute the dividends that were cancelled in prior years to
             Preference Shares holders.

             The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, after the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, subject to the satisfaction of the
             redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the NFRA, the Domestic Preference Shares may be redeemed in whole or in part at the
             discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem the Preference Shares. The holders of Preference Shares do not have the
             right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that Preference Shares will be redeemed.

             After deducting the issuance expenses from the Preference Shares above, the total net proceeds of RMB27,468 million have been included in additional
             Tier 1 capital of the Bank.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                  245
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



46. Other equity instruments (continued)
(b)    Perpetual bonds
                                               Issuance      Accounting             Interest                                                                            Conversion
                                               date          classification             rate      Issue price                 No.         Amount Due date               conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                (millions of units) (RMB in million)
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))     9 Jul 2020    Equity instruments       3.95% RMB 100/Unit                   500             49,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))    7 Dec 2021    Equity instruments       3.69% RMB 100/Unit                   430             42,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii))   1 Dec 2023    Equity instruments       3.41% RMB 100/Unit                   300             30,000 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iv))    5 Nov 2024    Equity instruments       2.42% RMB 100/Unit                   300             30,000 Perpetual existence   None       None
       Total                                                                                                             1,530            152,978

       The movement of Perpetual Bonds issued were as follows:
                                                                                   1 January 2024                                Increase                         31 December 2024
                                                                                          No.        Amount                       No.         Amount                     No.      Amount
                                                          Issuance                (millions of        (RMB in             (millions of         (RMB in           (millions of     (RMB in
                                                          date                           units)        million)                  units)         million)               units)     million)
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))                9 Jul 2020                      500          49,989                       –                –                    500       49,989
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))               7 Dec 2021                      430          42,989                       –                –                    430       42,989
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii))              1 Dec 2023                      300          30,000                       –                –                    300       30,000
       Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iv))               5 Nov 2024                        –               –                     300           30,000                    300       30,000
       Total                                                                            1,230         122,978                     300           30,000                  1,530      152,978

       Notes:

       (i)         With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million of 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                   Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2020”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 9 July 2020. The
                   unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2020. In any coupon
                   rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2020 will continue to
                   be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

       (ii)        With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB43,000 million of 2021 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                   Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2021”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 7 December 2021. The unit
                   face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2021. In any coupon rate
                   adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2021 will continue to be
                   outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

       (iii)       With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB30,000 million of 2023 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                   Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2023) in the national inter-bank bond market on 1 December 2023. The unit
                   face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2023. In any coupon rate
                   adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2023 will continue to be
                   outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

       (iv)        With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB30,000 million of 2024 China Merchants Bank Co.,
                   Ltd. Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Bond Connect) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2024, together with Perpetual Bonds 2020, Perpetual
                   Bonds 2021 and Perpetual Bonds 2023, Perpetual Bonds”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 5 November 2024. The unit face value is
                   RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2024. In any coupon rate adjusted period,
                   the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2024 will continue to be outstanding so
                   long as the Bank continues to operate.

       From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole or in part the Perpetual Bonds on the
       annual interest payment date (including the interest payment date on the fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the NFRA and the
       satisfaction of the redemption preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Perpetual Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result of an
       unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has the right to redeem the whole but not part of the Perpetual Bonds.
       The investors do not have the right to sell back the Perpetual Bonds to the Bank.

       The claims in respect of the Perpetual Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior
       to the Perpetual Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of
       any other additional Tier-1 capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Perpetual Bonds.

       The coupon rate will be reset on each benchmark rate reset date (i.e. the date of every five years from the issuance date). The adjusted coupon rate
       will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus the fixed spread as determined at the time of issuance. The Perpetual
       Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the right to cancel, in whole or in part,
       distributions on the Perpetual Bonds and any such cancellation will not constitute an event of default. The bond interests are non-cumulative, and any
       cancelled distribution is not carried to the following year. The Bank will fully consider the interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank
       can use the cancelled bond interest for the current period at its discretion to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Perpetual
       Bonds, no matter in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shares.
246   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      46. Other equity instruments (continued)
      (b)    Perpetual bonds (continued)
             Notes: (continued)

             Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write off in whole or in part, without the need for the consent of the
             bond holders, the principal amount of the Perpetual Bonds. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier of the following events: (i) NFRA having
             concluded that without a write-off, the Bank would become non-viable; (ii) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector
             injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable. The write-off will not be restored.

             After deducting the issuance expenses, the funds raised by the bonds issuances have been used to supplement additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank in
             accordance with applicable laws and the approval of the relevant authorities.




      (c)    Relative information attributed to equity instrument holders
                                                                                                                               2024                        2023
             Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                                              1,226,014                   1,076,370
               – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                 1,045,568                     925,924
               – Equity attributed to other equity instrument holders of the Bank                                         180,446                     150,446
                 Including: Net profit                                                                                      5,581                       4,558
                             Total comprehensive income                                                                     5,581                       4,558
                             Distributions in current year                                                                 (5,581)                     (4,558)
                             Cumulative undistributed dividends                                                                 –                           –
             Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                                                 7,461                       9,359
               – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                                            7,461                       6,521
               – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of perpetual debt
                    capital (note 62(a))                                                                                            –                     2,838




      47. Capital Reserve
             Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank.
                                                                                                                               2024                        2023
             At 1 January                                                                                                   65,432                       65,435
             Decrease                                                                                                           (3)                          (3)
             At 31 December                                                                                                 65,429                       65,432




      48. Investment Revaluation Reserve
                                                                                                                               2024                        2023
             Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: investment revaluation reserve                                            29,946                       10,596
             Fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI                                                      5,916                        3,009
             Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                                                           102                           82
             Share of other comprehensive expense of equity-accounted investees                                              2,421                          (31)
             Total                                                                                                          38,385                       13,656




      49. Hedging Reserve
             The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
             instruments used in cash flow hedges. Subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow is accounted for in
             accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   247
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



50. Surplus reserve
       Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
       Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
       audited profit after tax of the Bank.
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
       At 1 January                                                                          108,737                 94,985
       Appropriation for the year                                                             13,915                 13,752
       At 31 December                                                                        122,652                108,737




51. General reserve
       The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
       allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. The balance of
       general reserve includes 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, country risk provisions allocated as required by
       regulations for country risk exposures with medium, high, and very high country risk ratings and 2.5% of the income
       of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained
       by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region.
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
       At 1 January                                                                          141,481                132,471
       Appropriation for the year                                                             13,451                  9,010
       At 31 December                                                                        154,932                141,481




52. Profit appropriations
(a)    Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
       Ordinary share dividends in 2023, approved and declared:
         RMB1.972 per share                                                                    49,734                      –
       Ordinary share dividends in 2022, approved and declared:
         RMB1.738 per share                                                                          –               43,832



(b)    Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
       Statutory surplus reserve                                                               13,915                13,752
       General reserve                                                                         13,451                 9,010
       Dividends – cash dividend: RMB2.000 per share (2023: RMB1.972 per share)                50,440                49,734
       Total                                                                                   77,806                72,496

       2024 final dividends is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors
       held on 25 March 2025 and will be submitted to the 2024 Annual General Meeting for approval.



53. Exchange reserve
       Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
       of operations outside the mainland China.
248   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s equity
                                                                                      2024         2023
             Assets
             Cash                                                                    16,119       14,499
             Precious metals                                                          9,307        2,245
             Balances with central banks                                            555,154      666,550
             Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   173,859       55,168
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                 376,530      261,190
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                   269,987      169,450
             Loans and advances to customers                                      6,300,684    5,916,313
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  546,965      465,708
             Derivative financial assets                                             31,815       18,014
             Debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,908,600    1,707,032
             Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income      922,824      783,051
             Equity investments designated at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                                                11,517       10,956
             Investments in subsidiaries                                            61,645       54,731
             Interests in joint ventures                                            18,724       15,111
             Interests in associates                                                 8,042        6,991
             Investment properties                                                     841          836
             Property and equipment                                                 27,695       26,690
             Right-of-use assets                                                    16,324       16,321
             Intangible assets                                                       1,292        1,720
             Deferred tax assets                                                    80,031       87,177
             Other assets                                                           40,659       37,470
             Total assets                                                        11,378,614   10,317,223
             Liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks                                           189,934      378,504
             Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                   692,390      484,620
             Placements from banks and other financial institutions                  46,741       71,077
             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              34,469       21,281
             Derivative financial liabilities                                        31,089       16,653
             Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                53,887      114,008
             Deposits from customers                                              8,874,817    7,953,958
             Salaries and welfare payable                                            29,751       23,911
             Tax payable                                                              9,668       11,904
             Contract liabilities                                                     4,159        5,466
             Lease liabilities                                                       12,294       12,039
             Provisions                                                              16,638       19,530
             Debt securities issued                                                 156,146      107,858
             Other liabilities                                                       83,546       89,220
             Total liabilities                                                   10,235,529    9,310,029
             Equity
             Share capital                                                          25,220       25,220
             Other equity instruments                                              180,446      150,446
             Capital reserve                                                        76,076       76,079
             Investment revaluation reserve                                         36,366       14,354
             Hedging reserve                                                             4           11
             Surplus reserve                                                       122,652      108,737
             General reserve                                                       142,486      129,085
             Retained earnings                                                     508,957      453,168
             Proposed profit appropriation                                          50,440       49,734
             Exchange reserve                                                          438          360
             Total equity                                                         1,143,085    1,007,194
             Total equity and liabilities                                        11,378,614   10,317,223
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                       249
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s equity (continued)
                                                                    Other equity
                                                                    instruments
                                                                                           Investment                                       Proposed
                                                        Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                       capital    shares    bonds reserve      reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation   reserve                             Total
       At 1 January 2024                               25,220      27,468        122,978 76,079              14,354       11 108,737 129,085 453,168             49,734       360 1,007,194
       Changes in equity for the year                       –              –      30,000           (3)       22,012        (7) 13,915     13,401   55,789           706         78       135,891
       Net profit for the year                              –              –               –         –            –         –         –        – 139,148                 –       –       139,148
       Other comprehensive income for the year              –              –               –         –       21,990        (7)        –        –       –                 –      78        22,061
       Total comprehensive income for the year              –              –               –         –       21,990        (7)        –        – 139,148                 –      78       161,209
       Issue of perpetual bonds                             –              –      30,000           (3)             –        –         –        –         –            –             –      29,997
       Profit appropriations                                –              –           –            –              –        –    13,915   13,401   (83,337)         706             –     (55,315)
          Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve        –              –           –            –              –        –    13,915        –   (13,915)           –             –           –
          Appropriation to general reserve                  –              –           –            –              –        –         –   13,401   (13,401)           –             –           –
          Dividends paid for the year 2023                  –              –           –            –              –        –         –        –         –      (49,734)            –     (49,734)
          Proposed dividends for the year 2024              –              –           –            –              –        –         –        –   (50,440)      50,440             –           –
          Dividends to preference shares                    –              –           –            –              –        –         –        –      (996)           –             –        (996)
          Distribution to perpetual bonds                   –              –           –            –              –        –         –        –    (4,585)           –             –      (4,585)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of
          equity instruments designated at FVTOCI           –              –               –         –           22         –         –        –       (22)              –          –           –
       At 31 December 2024                             25,220      27,468        152,978 76,076              36,366        4 122,652 142,486 508,957             50,440       438 1,143,085

                                                                    Other equity
                                                                    instruments
                                                                                                          Investment                                          Proposed
                                                        Share Preference       Perpetual       Capital    revaluation Hedging    Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                       capital    shares          bonds        reserve        reserve reserve    reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve             Total
       At 1 January 2023                               25,220    27,468          92,978        76,082        13,144         –    94,985 121,230 391,579         43,832       380         886,898
       Changes in equity for the year                       –          –         30,000             (3)       1,210       11     13,752    7,855   61,589        5,902       (20)        120,296
       Net profit for the year                              –          –              –             –             –        –          –        – 137,521             –         –         137,521
       Other comprehensive income for the year              –          –              –             –         1,177       11          –        –       –             –       (20)          1,168
       Total comprehensive income for the year              –          –              –             –         1,177       11          –        – 137,521             –       (20)        138,689
       Issue of perpetual bonds                             –          –         30,000             (3)            –        –         –        –       –             –         –           29,997
       Profit appropriations                                –          –              –              –             –        –    13,752    7,855 (75,899)        5,902         –          (48,390)
          Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve        –          –              –              –             –        –    13,752        – (13,752)            –         –                –
          Appropriation to general reserve                  –          –              –              –             –        –         –    7,855 (7,855)             –         –                –
          Dividends paid for the year 2022                  –          –              –              –             –        –         –        –       –       (43,832)        –          (43,832)
          Proposed dividends for the year 2023              –          –              –              –             –        –         –        – (49,734)       49,734         –                –
          Dividends to preference shares                    –          –              –              –             –        –         –        –    (996)            –         –             (996)
          Distribution to perpetual bonds                   –          –              –              –             –        –         –        – (3,562)             –         –           (3,562)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of
          equity instruments designated at FVTOCI           –          –              –              –           33         –         –        –       (33)          –         –                –
       At 31 December 2023                             25,220    27,468        122,978         76,079        14,354       11 108,737 129,085 453,168            49,734       360        1,007,194
250   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement
      (a)    Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
             original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                      2024                         2023
             Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                  46,957                       140,809
             Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                  158,646                        84,593
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                               111,547                       105,953
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                 271,447                       171,542
             Debt securities investments and discounted bills                                                                     167,930                        96,122
             Total                                                                                                                756,527                       599,019



      (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
             changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
             consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.
                                                      Negotiable      Certificates          Debt
                                                       interbank       of deposit      securities         Accrued                     Other
                                                      certificates         issued         issued          interest    Dividend     financial         Lease
                                                       of deposit           (Note)        (Note)         on bonds      payable    liabilities    liabilities        Total
             At 1 January 2024                             21,443         34,340        124,372             1,814           26       32,616         12,675       227,286
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                    155,569         61,462          24,995                 –           –        9,947              –       251,973
               Repayment                                  (90,160)       (49,187)        (59,989)                –           –      (11,775)        (4,793)     (215,904)
               Interest/dividend paid                           –              –               –            (5,339)    (55,692)           –              –       (61,031)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –              –               –                –            –            –          4,439         4,439
               Accrued interest                                 –              –               –            4,863            –            –            457         5,320
               Dividend declared                                –              –               –                –       55,692            –              –        55,692
               Discount or premium amortisation             2,334            430              29                –            –            –              –         2,793
               Fair value adjustments                           –              1             229                –            –          690              –           920
               Other                                            –              –               –                –            –        4,289              –         4,289
               Exchange difference                              –            348             934                –            –           15              –         1,297
             At 31 December 2024                           89,186         47,394          90,570            1,338           26       35,782         12,778       277,074

                                                       Negotiable     Certificates           Debt
                                                        interbank      of deposit       securities        Accrued                      Other
                                                       certificates        issued          issued          interest   Dividend     financial          Lease
                                                        of deposit          (Note)         (Note)        on bonds      payable     liabilities    liabilities       Total
             At 1 January 2023                             65,719         15,987        148,674             1,533           26       22,719         13,013       267,671
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                     68,608          66,504         25,201                 –           –       17,303              –        177,616
               Repayment                                 (112,584)        (48,267)       (51,146)                –           –       (7,210)        (5,053)      (224,260)
               Interest/dividend paid                      (2,086)              –              –            (5,396)    (48,860)           –              –        (56,342)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –              –                –            –             –         4,235         4,235
               Accrued interest                                 –               –              –            5,677            –             –           480         6,157
               Dividend declared                                –               –              –                –       48,860             –             –        48,860
               Discount or premium amortisation             1,786             265             53                –            –             –             –         2,104
               Fair value adjustments                           –               3            191                –            –          (236)            –           (42)
               Exchange difference                              –            (152)         1,399                –            –            40             –         1,287
             At 31 December 2023                           21,443         34,340        124,372             1,814           26       32,616         12,675       227,286

             Note:    Including financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss.




      (c)    Significant non-cash transactions
             There were no significant non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   251
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



56. Operating Segments
       The Group’s principal activities are providing corporate and personal banking services, conducting treasury business,
       providing asset management and other financial services.
       The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by both business lines and geography.



(1)    Wholesale finance business
       The financial services for corporate clients, government agencies, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
       service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
       inter-bank business such as placement and repurchase, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
       services.



(2)    Retail finance business
       The financial services provided to retail customers include: loan and deposit service, bank card service, wealth
       management services, private banking and other services.



(3)    Other Business
       Except for the business mentioned above, other business covers investment properties, subsidiaries except for CMB
       WLB and CMBFL, associates and joint ventures. None of these segments meet any of the quantitative thresholds so
       far for segment division.
       For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
       income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
       expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
       account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
       costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
       The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies as stated in Note
       4. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment transactions are
       offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2024 and 2023. Internal transactions are
       conducted at fair value.
252   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)    Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                         Wholesale
                                                                      finance business          Retail finance business              Other business                         Total
                                                                       2024           2023            2024            2023            2024             2023          2024               2023
             External net interest income                            30,010          23,074      120,186           129,075           61,081          62,520       211,277            214,669
             Internal net interest income/(expense)                  42,015          60,952       28,072             7,679          (70,087)        (68,631)            –                  –
             Net interest income                                     72,025          84,026      148,258           136,754           (9,006)         (6,111)      211,277            214,669
             Net fee and commission income                           14,705          16,710          47,141         56,419          10,248           10,979        72,094             84,108
             Other net income                                        48,663          33,889           1,385          1,142           1,070            2,794        51,118             37,825
             Operating income                                       135,393         134,625      196,784           194,315            2,312           7,662       334,489            336,602
             Operating expenses
              – Property and equipment and investment
                   properties depreciation                           (8,340)         (7,798)       (2,710)          (2,771)            (404)           (439)      (11,454)           (11,008)
              – Right-of-use assets depreciation                     (1,490)         (1,610)       (2,389)          (2,312)            (228)           (283)       (4,107)            (4,205)
              – Other                                               (38,308)        (41,812)      (60,035)         (58,860)          (3,746)         (5,106)     (102,089)          (105,778)
             Reportable segment profit before
               impairment losses                                     87,255          83,405      131,650           130,372           (2,066)          1,834       216,839            215,611
             Expected credit losses and impairment
               losses on other assets                                   301         (10,640)      (41,006)         (30,459)            (114)           (370)       (40,819)          (41,469)
             Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            –               –             –                –            2,632           2,476          2,632             2,476
             Reportable segment profit before taxation               87,556          72,765          90,644         99,913                452         3,940       178,652            176,618
             Capital expenditure (note)                              31,771          26,630           3,298           2,809               207           702        35,276             30,141

                                                       Wholesale finance business        Retail finance business                  Other business                        Total
                                                      31 December    31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December              31 December 31 December           31 December
                                                             2024           2023        2024                  2023        2024                     2023        2024                  2023
             Reportable segment assets                  7,103,051       6,236,513        3,564,804        3,358,721           1,383,480         1,325,116      12,051,335       10,920,350
             Of which: Interest in associates and
               joint ventures                                   –               –                –                –             31,015            26,590           31,015              26,590
             Reportable segment liabilities             6,268,091       5,671,256        4,118,838        3,562,087            452,085           628,708       10,839,014           9,862,051

             Note:      Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring segment assets which are expected to be used for more than one year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                         253
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



56. Operating segments (continued)
(b)    Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
       and other material items
                                                                            2024               2023
       Operating income for reportable segments                           334,489            336,602
       Total profit before income tax for reportable segments             178,652            176,618

                                                                 31 December 2024   31 December 2023
       Assets
       Total assets for reportable segments                            12,051,335         10,920,350
       Goodwill                                                             9,954              9,954
       Intangible assets                                                      526                550
       Deferred tax assets                                                 83,674             90,557
       Other unallocated assets                                             6,547              7,072
       Consolidated total assets                                       12,152,036         11,028,483
       Liabilities
       Total liabilities for reportable segments                       10,839,014          9,862,051
       Tax payable                                                         11,713             13,597
       Deferred tax liabilities                                             1,592              1,607
       Other unallocated liabilities                                       66,242             65,499
       Consolidated total liabilities                                  10,918,561          9,942,754
254   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)    Geographical segments
             The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
             municipalities directly under the central government in the mainland China. The Group also has branches operating
             in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong,
             Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing and Luxembourg and representative offices in New York and Taipei.
             In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
             location of the branches and subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
             allocated based on the location of the underlying assets.
             To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
             –          “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter, credit card centres and fund operation centres;

             –          “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                        province;
             –          “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality, Shandong province and
                        Hebei province;
             –          “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

             –          “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

             –          “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                        Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
             –          “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                        province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                        region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                        autonomous region;
             –          “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                        and representative offices in New York and Taipei; and
             –          “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB, CMBIC,
                        CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A. and CIGNA & CMAM.
                                                              Total assets               Total liabilities          Non-current assets        Operating income     Profit before tax
                                                       31 December     31 December 31 December      31 December 31 December    31 December
             Geographical information                         2024            2023        2024             2023        2024           2023       2024      2023       2024        2023
             Headquarter                                 5,620,792       4,985,615    4,616,716         4,107,566    61,287          54,625    134,972   135,401    81,021      77,737
             Yangtze River Delta region                  1,521,903       1,417,890    1,503,109         1,404,463     5,469           5,995     44,260    45,485    23,957      21,578
             Bohai Rim region                            1,002,690         916,860      988,780           902,114     3,845           4,187     33,801    33,583    18,547      18,801
             Pearl River Delta and West Coast region     1,234,991       1,166,744    1,225,218         1,156,219     3,957           4,125     35,486    34,947    15,054      18,491
             Northeast region                              173,447         168,687      171,967           166,551     1,357           1,440      6,398     6,444     2,109       2,808
             Central region                                733,700         676,618      725,410           670,811     3,195           3,299     19,665    19,953     9,750       9,358
             Western region                                751,874         681,255      744,561           674,635     2,734           3,051     20,145    20,579     9,275       8,554
             Overseas                                      236,567         213,303      244,455           217,502       746             618      4,290     4,474     2,635       2,438
             Subsidiaries                                  876,072         801,511      698,345           642,893   107,343          95,462     35,472    35,736    16,304      16,853
             Total                                      12,152,036      11,028,483   10,918,561         9,942,754   189,933         172,802    334,489   336,602   178,652     176,618

             Note:      Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
                        assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             255
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



57. Assets pledged as security
       The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks and liabilities under
       repurchase or placement arrangements:
                                                                                               2024                2023
       Borrowing from central banks                                                          189,511            377,189
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                  6,802              9,099
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                               83,747            134,863
       Total                                                                                 280,060            521,151
       Assets pledged
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               6,921             98,223
         – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                165,583            333,718
         – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                  30,491             41,743
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                    90,320            130,616
       Total                                                                                 293,315            604,300

       The transactions under repurchase or placement agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and
       customary to standard borrowing and placing activities.



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
(a)    Credit commitments
       At any given time, the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
       approved loans and credit card overdraft limits.
       The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
       parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
       expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
       The contractual amounts of credit commitments by category are set out in the following tables. The amounts
       reflected in the tables for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amounts reflected in the
       tables for guarantees and letters of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at the
       end of the reporting period if counterparties default.
                                                                                        2024
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                   – Stage 1   ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                  (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                        ECL)   impaired)        impaired)          Total
       Irrevocable guarantees                                       326,654        1,983                582      329,219
          – Financial guarantees                                     33,109          754                293       34,156
          – Non-financing letters of guarantees                     293,545        1,229                289      295,063
       Irrevocable letters of credit                                304,725        1,249                  –      305,974
       Bills of acceptances                                         581,176        3,054                360      584,590
       Irrevocable loan commitments                                 162,159          415                 96      162,670
          – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      45,039            3                  1       45,043
          – with an original maturity over 1 year                   117,120          412                 95      117,627
       Credit card unused commitments                             1,588,137       32,399                  5    1,620,541
       Other                                                         96,525          708                 20       97,253
       Total                                                      3,059,376       39,808               1,063   3,100,247
256   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (a)    Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                                2023
                                                                                       – Stage 2
                                                                                        (Lifetime         – Stage 3
                                                                         – Stage 1     ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                                        (12-month          credit-     ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)     impaired)          impaired)        Total
             Irrevocable guarantees                                       320,170          3,940                278      324,388
                – Financial guarantees                                     44,570          1,104                  3       45,677
                – Non-financing letters of guarantees                     275,600          2,836                275      278,711
             Irrevocable letters of credit                                227,114          1,505                  –      228,619
             Bills of acceptances                                         485,393          2,294                500      488,187
             Irrevocable loan commitments                                 164,074          2,285                 95      166,454
                – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      23,427              1                  –       23,428
                – with an original maturity over 1 year                   140,647          2,284                 95      143,026
             Credit card unused commitments                             1,509,253          6,400                 21    1,515,674
             Other                                                         87,367            156                  –       87,523
             Total                                                      2,793,371        16,580                 894    2,810,845

             As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit included sight letters of credit of RMB20,139
             million (31 December 2023: RMB22,254 million), usance letters of credit of RMB18,230 million (31 December 2023:
             RMB9,361 million), and other commitments of RMB267,605 million (31 December 2023: RMB197,004 million).
             Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches and
             subsidiaries, and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
             Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB5,385,015 million at 31
             December 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB5,885,925 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
             or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
             lending agreements. The Group does not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
             result, such balances are not included in the above credit commitments.
                                                                                                        2024               2023
             Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                  846,851            650,343

             Since 1 January 2024, the Group calculated the credit risk-weighted assets amount of its contingent liabilities and
             commitments in accordance with the requirements of Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks issued by
             the NFRA. The amount within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the Internal
             Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is used to cover those amounts not eligible for the Internal
             Ratings-Based Approach.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               257
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(b)    Capital commitments
       The authorised capital commitments of the Group were as follows:
                                                                                             2024                  2023
       Contracted for                                                                          177                  219
       Authorised but not contracted for                                                       216                  191
       Total                                                                                   393                  410

       The lease commitments of the Group as a lessor are detailed in note 58 (e).



(c)    Outstanding litigations
       At 31 December 2024, the Bank or other group entities was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with total
       gross claims of RMB2,024 million (2023: RMB3,205 million). The Group considers that no material losses would be
       incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations.



(d)    Redemption obligations
       As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
       holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before
       their maturity date is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date.
       Accrued interest to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant requirements set by the MOF or the
       PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the redemption
       date.
       The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
       Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                             2024                  2023
       Redemption obligations                                                               30,807               29,144

       The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
       Group will not be material.



(e)    Lease commitments
       Operating lease commitments and financial lease commitments where the Group is a lessor at the end of the
       reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                             2024                  2023
       Operating lease commitments                                                          14,321               25,816
       Financial lease commitments                                                          37,503               12,859
       Total                                                                                51,824               38,675
258   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      59. Transactions on behalf of customers
      (a)    Entrusted lending business
             The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
             business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
             on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
             usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
             instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
             an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
             Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
             position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss as fee and commission income.
             At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                         2024              2023
             Entrusted loans                                                                        245,897             221,292
             Entrusted funds                                                                       (245,897)           (221,292)



      (b)    Wealth management services
             The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
             corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
             services are invested in investment products, including government bonds, policy bank bonds and short term
             corporate debt instruments. The Group initiated the launch of wealth management products. The investment
             risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in these products. The Group does not
             consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission which represents the charges on
             customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
             The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
             recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
             management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
             At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated wealth management
             services were RMB2,298,278 million as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB2,403,038 million).



      (c)    Entrusted management of insurance funds
             The entrusted management of insurance funds mainly refers to the business that the Group carries out investment
             activities on funds entrusted by insurance companies according to the regulatory policies and the investment
             guidelines from insurance companies, and charges fees for providing such services.
             At the end of the reporting period, the balances of entrusted funds were as follows:
                                                                                                         2024              2023
             Entrusted management of insurance funds                                                189,647             144,963
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   259
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management
(a)    Credit risk
       Credit risk represents the potential losses that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
       obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
       industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
       same economic factors, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
       The Group designs its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify, evaluate
       and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed by the
       board of directors, is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work process
       and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
       With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
       Committee under Board of Directors, participates in, coordinates, and monitors the work of other risk management
       functions, including each business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk
       including the credit and investment business of pre-lending (investment) evaluations, interim-lending (investment)
       reviewing and post-lending (investment) monitoring.
       In accordance with the Implementation Rules on Expected Credit Loss Approach of Commercial Banks (Yin Bao Jian
       Gui [2022] No.10), the Group uses the expected credit loss model to provide for credit risk losses for on-balance
       sheet financial assets that bear credit risk at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as
       well as off-balance sheet credit risk items such as loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.
       With respect to the credit risk management of wholesale financial business, the Group optimizes credit and
       investment policies, continually enhances the standards on acceptance for corporate, interbank and institutional
       clients, and implements in key risk areas to improve the quality of credit exposure.
       With respect to credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group mainly relies on the credit assessment
       of applicants as the basis for loan approval, which takes into consideration the income level, credit history, and
       repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on borrowers’ repayment
       ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes overdue, the Group starts
       the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
       The Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. The Group has formulated
       systems or guidelines for the access of guarantors or collaterals, the approval of guarantee amounts, the
       establishment and follow-up management of guarantees. The guarantor’s or collateral’s ability and willingness to
       guarantee will be reviewed regularly to ensure that it meets the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and
       can effectively mitigate risks.
       In respect of asset quality classification, the Group improves the classification system and refines the classification
       method based on Rules on Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks, combined with actual
       situation. On the basis of Five-category Classification, the Group categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan
       classification basis to refine internal risk classification management (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades
       1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
       The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved in
       loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application, post-
       lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
       Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers carry out the same business activities, locate in
       the same geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their
       obligations may be affected by the same economic factors. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the
       sensitivity of the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of
       credit risk, the Group has formulated a limit management policy to monitor and analyse its loan portfolio.
       Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are presented in Note 22.
260   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (i)     Internal credit risk rating
              The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The internal credit risk rating is based on the model-
              forecasted default risk, taking into consideration qualitative and quantitative factors such as borrower’s financial
              situation, debt pressure, industry characteristics, etc.


      (ii)    Significant increase in credit risk
              As describe in Note 4(5), the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
              of default occurring on the financial instrument and other items at the reporting date with that at the date of initial
              recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the
              financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note 60(a)(i)), as well as internal early warning signal, the result
              of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are
              applicable to the current situation.
              For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions is met:
              the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating of
              the customer has been downgraded to certain level; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a certain
              level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group.
              For retail and credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following
              conditions is met: the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer
              or the debt has credit risk early warning signal; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the
              Group.
              A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
              capability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
              business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
              cash flow obligations.
              For loan commitment and financial guarantee, the date when the commitment becomes irrevocable is considered as
              the initial recognition date.
              The Group considers that a debt instrument is impaired and classified as stage 3 when the debt instrument is more
              than 90 days (inclusive) overdue or the 5-tier classification of this debt instrument is substandard, doubtful or loss
              (these three categories include debt instruments with more than 90 days (inclusive) overdue).


      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      261
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(iv)   Incorporation of forward-looking information
       The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
       to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by authoritative institutions
       and internal risk data without undue cost or effort for modelling. Apart from the common economic indicators
       such as Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), Producer Price Index and Broad Money
       Supply, various other categories of indicators such as industry index, interest and exchange rate, and survey index
       are also included. Based on statistical analysis and expert judgements, the Group sets up multiple forward-looking
       scenarios to predict macroeconomic indicators and risk parameters. The Group sets the forecasts issued by external
       authoritative institutions as the forecasts of economic indicators under the baseline scenario, with reference to
       the professionals of the Bank and the outputs of the models. For the forecasts of economic indicators under the
       remaining scenarios, the Group will refer to the actual historical data for analysis and forecast. Taking GDP (year-on-
       year growth rate) and CPI (month-on-month increase) as an example, the forecasts for the next year adopted by the
       Group for 2024 under the baseline scenario was set at round 5% and 1% respectively.
       Combined with quantitative measurement and expert judgement, the Group sets the weighting of multiple scenarios
       based on the principle of taking the baseline scenario as the main and the other scenarios as supplement. The
       weight of the baseline scenario of the Group as at 31 December 2024 is the highest. According to the sensitivity
       test results of the Group, when the weighting of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the
       baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2024 will decrease by approximately 2.6%
       compared to the current result. When the weighting of the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting
       of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2024 will increase by approximately
       4.6% compared to the current result.
       The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
       expected credit loss (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit loss (stage 2 and stage 3).


(v)    Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
       The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The models
       are divided based on shared risk characteristics, and the reference indicators include the 5-tier classification, business
       type and collateral type.


(vi)   Maximum exposure
       The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held or other credit
       enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial instruments as disclosed in the consolidated statement
       of financial position and the contract amount of the off balance sheet items disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December
       2024, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure was RMB14,922,470 million (31 December 2023:
       RMB13,530,603 million).
262   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (vii)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
               The Group adopts the measures for Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks (CBIRC PBC Order
               [2023] No. 1) for its rescheduled loans and advances to customers. The data at the beginning of the year has been
               adjusted on a consistent for the purpose of ensuring comparability.
               The carrying amount of loans and advances that had been renegotiated was RMB24,826 million as at 31 December
               2024 (31 December 2023: RMB26,099 million).


      (viii)   Non-performing loans
               Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans,
               doubtful loans and loss loans. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had balance of non-performing loans of
               RMB65,610 million (31 December 2023: RMB61,579 million).


      (ix)     Credit quality of bond investments rating results
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of bond investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, is as follows:
                                                                                                                     2024                     2023
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                              693                       808
               Impairment allowances                                                                                 (505)                     (499)
               Subtotal                                                                                               188                      309
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                             2,846,729                2,577,388
               AA+ to AA-                                                                                         89,538                   65,894
               A+ to A-                                                                                          177,286                  132,191
               Lower than A-                                                                                      25,609                   27,220
               Unrated                                                                                            56,601                   41,184
               Impairment allowances                                                                              (7,985)                 (10,661)
               Subtotal                                                                                        3,187,778                2,833,216
               Total                                                                                           3,187,966                2,833,525

               Notes:

               (i)      Bonds issued by the governments and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB2,599,093 million as at 31 December 2024 (31
                        December 2023: RMB2,448,279 million).

               (ii)     The impairment allowances above is for debt investments at amortised cost only.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             263
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(x)    Collateral
       An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
       overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                2024              2023
       Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements
         held against following financial assets
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                    17,545            20,659



(xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                         2024
                                                                                 – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)       impaired)         Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   5,686,659        165,105           61,560    5,913,324
       Net changes for the year                                    461,401        (25,764)           5,056      440,693
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                  45,122        (44,949)            (173)           –
         – Stage 2                                                (132,857)       133,368             (511)           –
         – Stage 3                                                 (29,930)       (22,902)          52,832            –
       Write-offs                                                        –              –          (53,154)     (53,154)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         6,030,395        204,858           65,610    6,300,863

                                                                                         2023
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   5,217,868        156,240           58,004    5,432,112
       Net changes for the year                                    557,973        (27,551)          (1,288)     529,134
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                   30,084       (29,822)            (262)           –
         – Stage 2                                                  (94,405)       95,148             (743)           –
         – Stage 3                                                  (24,861)      (28,910)          53,771            –
       Write-offs                                                         –             –          (47,922)     (47,922)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         5,686,659        165,105           61,560    5,913,324
264   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
             Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                             2024
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                     (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1   ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month        credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)   impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,738,945        1,517           27,548    1,768,010
             Net changes for the year                                    189,931         (708)          (1,313)     187,910
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                       1           (1)               –            –
               – Stage 2                                                    (984)         984                –            –
               – Stage 3                                                       –           (2)               2            –
             Write-offs                                                        –            –                –            –
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,927,893        1,790           26,237    1,955,920

                                                                                             2023
                                                                                    – Stage 2
                                                                                     (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1   ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month        credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)   impaired)        impaired)        Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,543,652        2,073           34,120    1,579,845
             Net changes for the year                                    195,645         (238)          (4,323)     191,084
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                       1            (1)              –            –
               – Stage 2                                                    (339)          339               –            –
               – Stage 3                                                       –          (655)            655            –
             Write-offs                                                      (14)           (1)         (2,904)      (2,919)
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,738,945        1,517           27,548    1,768,010
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                    265
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(xii)   Credit quality of financial instruments
        The staging analysis for loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed in
        note 22, note 23(b) and note 60(a)(xi) respectively. The staging analysis for credit commitments and the expected
        credit loss allowances of financial guarantees and loan commitments are disclosed in notes 58(a) and 42 respectively.
        The staging analysis for other financial instruments is as follows:
                                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                      Principal                                            Expected credit loss
                                                                                 Stage 2                                                     Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime       Stage 3                                     (Lifetime       Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not      (Lifetime                         Stage 1    ECL – not      (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit- ECL – credit-                     (12-month         credit- ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)     impaired)            Total            ECL)    impaired)     impaired)        Total
        Balances with central banks                                557,166            –                 –      557,166               –             –               –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions       220,537            1                11      220,549            (818)           (1)            (11)     (830)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     406,817            –                 –      406,817          (1,126)            –               –    (1,126)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       271,903            –               140      272,043            (606)            –            (140)     (746)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                               1,082,186          209               182    1,082,577          (7,339)          (21)         (1,260)   (8,620)

                                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                       Principal                                            Expected credit loss
                                                                                Stage 2                                                     Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime          Stage 3                                  (Lifetime         Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not          (Lifetime                     Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-                  (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)         impaired)        Total            ECL)    impaired)        impaired)     Total
        Balances with central banks                                667,569            –                 –     667,569                –            –                –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions       100,745            1                11     100,757             (211)          (1)             (11)     (223)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     286,046          201                 –     286,247             (518)          (1)               –      (519)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       172,568            –               140     172,708             (449)           –             (140)     (589)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 889,105          390               241     889,736           (5,586)        (132)          (1,094)   (6,812)

        Note:       The balances disclosed above do not include accrued interest.
266   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk
             Market risk refers to the risk of loss due to changes in observable market factors such as interest rates, exchange
             rates, commodity prices and stock prices, resulting in changes in the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s
             financial instruments. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors relevant to the
             Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading book and banking
             book. The financial instruments and positions under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
             purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments can be traded
             without any restriction. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group
             for determinable return with relative stable market value or for the purposes of hedging the risks, which include
             both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposure.


      (i)    Foreign exchange risk
             Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
             currency and foreign currency derivative positions, which expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
             unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in
             RMB, and the other currencies are mainly in USD and HKD. The Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
             supervision of foreign exchange risk management, and establishes a foreign currency risk management governance
             structure. This structure specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Board of
             Supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management
             of foreign exchange risk. The Group is prudent in its foreign exchange risk appetite, and would not voluntarily take
             foreign exchange risk, which suits the current development stage of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk
             management policies and procedures of the Group meet the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the
             Group.


            (1)     Trading book
                    The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which covers exchange
                    rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book to facilitate centralised management. The
                    structure, process and method of exchange rate risk management of trading book are consistent with that of
                    the interest rate risk of trading book.
                    The Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR,
                    covers interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test
                    loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index in its management of foreign exchange
                    risk. The management methods include delegation, setting limits, daily monitoring and continuous reporting,
                    etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                   267
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)     Banking book
              The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is centrally managed by the Head Office. The
              Asset and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book
              foreign exchange risk management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this. The
              treasurer is responsible for managing the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent
              approach and compliance with the regulatory requirements, and through approaches such as transaction
              limits and adjustment of plans.
              The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB financial
              assets and liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to control it within
              an acceptable range.
              The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
              for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses the
              foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly basis
              under the limit control framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
              exchange rate movements to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on its banking book.
              The Group continues to strengthen banking book exchange rate risk monitoring and authorisation
              management of limits to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.


      (3)     Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                             2024
                                                                         In RMB Equivalent                            Main original currency
                                                        RMB          USD          HKD         Other          Total         USD           HKD
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                 banks                               535,838      27,834         2,068         8,048      573,788         3,813         2,200
              Amounts due from banks and other
                 financial institutions               721,600    139,379        25,582        10,146       896,707      19,096        27,215
              Loans and advances to customers       6,342,999    123,464       135,150        21,337     6,622,950      16,916       143,780
              Financial investments (including
                 derivative financial assets)       3,264,823    334,397        51,019        24,665     3,674,904      45,816        54,277
              Other assets (note (i))                 261,120    103,735        13,681         5,151       383,687      14,213        14,553
              Total                                11,126,380    728,809       227,500        69,347    12,152,036      99,854       242,025
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                 amounts due to banks and other
                 financial institutions             1,061,944    123,045        15,668         6,360     1,207,017      16,858        16,668
              Deposits from customers               8,427,705    445,503       161,032        62,347     9,096,587      61,038       171,314
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                 (including derivative financial
                 liabilities)                         90,565       8,258           168            53       99,044         1,132           179
              Debt securities issued                 141,431      69,991         7,610         2,551      221,583         9,589         8,096
              Other liabilities (note (i))           263,383      19,854         9,253         1,840      294,330         2,720         9,845
              Total                                 9,985,028    666,651       193,731        73,151    10,918,561      91,337       206,102
              Net position                          1,141,352     62,158        33,769        (3,804)    1,233,475        8,517       35,923
              Off-balance sheet position:
              Credit commitments (note (ii))        2,949,528    111,092        21,153        18,474     3,100,247      15,221        22,504
              Derivatives (nominal amounts):
                – forward purchased                   734,725     730,591       30,788        46,870     1,542,974      100,097        32,754
                – forward sold                       (670,870)   (778,692)     (13,120)      (41,155)   (1,503,837)    (106,688)      (13,958)
                – net currency option position        (80,894)     68,451          (12)          882       (11,573)       9,378           (13)
              Total                                   (17,039)    20,350        17,656         6,597       27,564         2,787       18,783
268   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (3)     Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                          In RMB Equivalent                                   Main original currency
                                                                  RMB              USD             HKD            Other            Total            USD           HKD
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                       banks                                  632,195           45,869            1,373           3,063        682,500            6,468         1,512
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                       financial institutions                 425,397          116,308            3,919         12,757         558,381           16,400         4,316
                    Loans and advances to customers         5,938,668          133,774          147,467         22,151       6,242,060           18,862       162,431
                    Financial investments (including
                       derivative financial assets)         2,883,787          244,690           40,754         13,652       3,182,883           34,502        44,888
                    Other assets (note (i))                   216,402          117,867           16,161         12,229         362,659           16,620        17,802
                    Total                                  10,096,449          658,508          209,674         63,852      11,028,483           92,852       230,949
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                       amounts due to banks and other
                       financial institutions               1,132,441          117,899            5,676          9,581       1,265,597           16,624         6,252
                    Deposits from customers                 7,562,175          384,719          154,568         53,976       8,155,438           54,247       170,253
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                       (including derivative financial
                       liabilities)                            52,624            8,368              206             203         61,401            1,180           227
                    Debt securities issued                    101,849           67,474            3,366           2,075        174,764            9,514         3,708
                    Other liabilities (note (i))              258,062           18,858            7,103           1,531        285,554            2,658         7,824
                    Total                                   9,107,151          597,318          170,919         67,366       9,942,754           84,223       188,264
                    Net position                              989,298           61,190           38,755          (3,514)     1,085,729            8,629        42,685
                    Off-balance sheet position:
                    Credit commitments (note (ii))          2,684,499           80,880           25,385         20,081       2,810,845           11,405        27,961
                    Derivatives (nominal amounts):
                      – forward purchased                      418,103         431,449           34,270          34,929        918,751           60,836        37,747
                      – forward sold                          (386,228)       (440,704)         (13,642)        (22,002)      (862,576)         (62,141)      (15,026)
                      – net currency option position           (76,687)         67,549              357          (4,250)       (13,031)           9,525           393
                    Total                                      (44,812)         58,294           20,985           8,677         43,144            8,220        23,114

                    Notes:

                    (i)      Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

                    (ii)     Credit commitments may expire unused at the end of the commitment period, therefore the above net position does not represent
                             the future cash outflows.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   269
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       (4)    Sensitivity analysis
              Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
              the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net profit and equity. The
              following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on the assets
              and liabilities of all foreign currencies involved at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.
                                                                          2024                             2023
              Change in foreign currency exchange rate        Down by 1%          Up by 1%      Down by 1%         Up by 1%
              (Decrease)/increase in net profit                        (112)            112            (101)             101
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                            (378)            378            (334)             334

              Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
              rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


(ii)   Interest rate risk
       Interest rate risk arises from unfavourable changes in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to
       the income and decline in market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


       (1)    Trading book
              According to the basic principles of risk management, the Group has built and continuously improved the
              market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
              measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, commodity
              and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
              Board of Directors, the Group manages the trading book by clearly identifying, accurately measuring and
              effectively managing the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an
              acceptable range and achieves a reasonable balance of risk and return. The Group constantly improves the
              risk-adjusted return level to maximise the shareholders’ value.
              The trading book market risk governance organisation structure defines the responsibilities, division of labour
              and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of
              Directors, senior management and relevant departments of the Bank, and safeguards the achievement of
              management objectives. The Market Risk Management Department is responsible for the Group’s trading
              book market risk, and undertakes the task of risk policy formulation and management.
270   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (1)    Trading book (continued)
                    According to the business practices and market risk governance organisation structure, the Group establishes
                    the trading book market risk limits management system. A top level limit is set based on the risk appetite
                    determined by the Board of Directors, and is transmitted from top to bottom level by level. Within the
                    scope of their authorisation, management departments at all levels allocate and set limits according to risk
                    characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business departments carry out the business
                    according to the authorisation and limits requirements, and the supervisory and administrative departments
                    at all levels continuously monitor and report according to the limits management regulations.
                    The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, stop loss index, sensitivity index, value at
                    risk index, stress test index and other risk measurement indices as the limits index, and sets the limit value
                    by comprehensively considering the risk appetite, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk return,
                    management conditions and other factors.
                    The Group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, stress test and other measurement
                    methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The Group applies the market
                    risk measurement model in its daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis for
                    business planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


             (2)    Banking book
                    According to the external regulatory requirements and the internal banking book interest rate risk
                    management policy, the Group has built and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk
                    management system, established the management process of interest rate risk identification, measurement,
                    monitoring, control and reporting, and covered all on – and off-balance sheet business of the Bank. The
                    Group clearly identifies, accurately measures and effectively manages the interest rate risk of the banking
                    book under the interest rate risk appetite of the banking book formulated by the Board of Directors to
                    ensure that the net interest income (NII) and the economic value of shareholders’ equity (EVE) increase
                    steadily within the acceptable range of the banking book risk.
                    The Group’s governance and management framework specifies the responsibilities, division of labor
                    and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
                    departments to ensure the effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest rate risk of the banking
                    book is managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department of the Head Office. Internal Audit
                    Department of the Head Office is responsible for independent audit.
                    The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is prudent. The Group
                    establishes a banking book interest rate risk limit management system based on the actual business and
                    the banking book interest rate risk governance structure. The quantitative index of risk appetite set by the
                    Board of Directors is the highest level limit, which is transmitted through the limit level from top to bottom
                    and level by level. Within the scope of their authorisation, all levels set limits and continuously monitor and
                    report according to risk tolerance, business operation strategy and risk management objectives. The Group
                    formulates interest rate risk management strategies and regularly tracks and reviews them based on risk
                    measurement and monitoring results and in combination with macroeconomic and interest rate environment.
                    The key measures for risk management of the Group include the adjustment in business volume, duration
                    structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and off-balance sheet
                    derivative to offset risk exposure.
                    The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis and duration analysis
                    for the regular measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress test is a form
                    of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in net interest income at risk and economic value of equity
                    indicators when there is an extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group measures and monitors the
                    interest rate risk of banking book through the asset-liability management system, and the main models and
                    parameter assumptions used in the measurement process are independently verified before being adopted
                    and are regularly reviewed and verified after being adopted. The various indicators of interest rate risk during
                    the reporting period showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the Bank was generally stable and
                    stay within the set limits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  271
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
              earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                      2024
                                                                 3 months
                                                                    or less       Over                                  Non-
                                                                  (include    3 months    Over 1 year        Over    interest
                                                        Total    overdue)     to 1 year    to 5 years      5 years   bearing
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                 banks                               573,788      547,644             –              –           –    26,144
              Amounts due from banks and
                 other financial institutions        896,707      678,771      193,834         24,089          13          –
              Loans and advances to customers
                 (note (i))                         6,622,950   2,921,730     3,085,793       553,747      61,680          –
              Financial investments (including
                 derivative financial assets)       3,674,904     487,488      510,412       1,287,820   1,309,218    79,966
              Other assets (note (ii))                383,687           –            –               –           –   383,687
              Total assets                         12,152,036   4,635,633     3,790,039      1,865,656   1,370,911   489,797
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                 amounts due to banks and other
                 financial institutions             1,207,017   1,008,346       187,090         11,192        389          –
              Deposits from customers               9,096,587   6,367,726     1,418,427      1,285,129     22,696      2,609
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                 (including derivative financial
                 liabilities)                         99,044            –        5,691              –           –     93,353
              Lease liabilities                       12,778        1,055        2,855          7,705       1,163          –
              Debt securities issued                 221,583      115,232       54,627         44,330       7,394          –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))          281,552            4            –          3,033           –    278,515
              Total liabilities                    10,918,561   7,492,363     1,668,690      1,351,389     31,642    374,477
              Asset-liability gap                   1,233,475   (2,856,730)   2,121,349       514,267    1,339,269   115,320
272   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
                    earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. (continued)
                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                     3 months
                                                                                         or less           Over                                                    Non-
                                                                                       (include        3 months        Over 1 year               Over           interest
                                                                        Total         overdue)         to 1 year        to 5 years             5 years          bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                       banks                                        682,500           658,781                    –                 –                  –             23,719
                    Amounts due from banks and
                       other financial institutions                 558,381           418,055            133,899              6,414                  13                  –
                    Loans and advances to customers
                       (note (i))                                 6,242,060         2,497,757         3,076,798            605,016             62,489                    –
                    Financial investments (including
                       derivative financial assets)               3,182,883           351,796            358,289         1,104,825         1,307,233            60,740
                    Other assets (note (ii))                        362,659                 –                  –                 –                 –           362,659
                    Total assets                                11,028,483          3,926,389         3,568,986          1,716,255         1,369,735           447,118
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                       amounts due to banks and other
                       financial institutions                     1,265,597         1,013,853           231,786             19,670                288                    –
                    Deposits from customers                       8,155,438         5,450,058         1,300,112          1,373,425             28,172                3,671
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                       (including derivative financial
                       liabilities)                                  61,401                588                 –             5,321                  –           55,492
                    Lease liabilities                                12,675              1,032             2,804             7,757              1,082                –
                    Debt securities issued                          174,764             44,549            78,880            43,959              7,376                –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                   272,879                187                 –             2,889                  –          269,803
                    Total liabilities                             9,942,754         6,510,267         1,613,582          1,453,021             36,918          328,966
                    Asset-liability gap                           1,085,729        (2,583,878)        1,955,404            263,234         1,332,817           118,152

                    Notes:   (i)        For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2024
                                        and 31 December 2023 net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or
                                        part of the principals or interests were overdue.

                             (ii)       Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.




             (4)    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
                    Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
                    sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.
                                                                                                     2024                      1
                                                                                                                                                  2023
                    Change in interest rates (in basis points)                            Up by 25          Down by 25                 Up by 25           Down by 25
                    (Decrease)/increase in net interest income                               (4,713)                  4,713                (4,118)                  4,118
                    (Decrease)/increase in equity                                           (10,793)                 10,931                (9,319)                  9,477

                    The above-mentioned interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the changes in net interest income and equity
                    in the next 12 months under the assumption of changes in interest rates in the above table. As the actual
                    situation and assumptions may be different, the actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and
                    equity caused by the increase or decrease in interest rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity
                    analysis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     273
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
       manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet its maturity obligations, or to perform other payment
       obligations.
       According to the liquidity risk management policy, the Group segregates the policy setting, execution and supervision
       of liquidity risk management, and puts in place a governance framework which defines the roles, responsibilities and
       reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, senior management, designated committees and
       relevant departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors takes the
       ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensures the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor
       and control liquidity risk and is responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can tolerate. The Risk
       and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors shall perform its responsibilities in liquidity risk
       management according to the requirements of the Board of Directors. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for
       the supervision and evaluation of the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in the liquidity
       risk management and reports to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management is responsible for the
       liquidity risk management work and develops a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and reports the
       same to the Board of Directors. The Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO) exercises specific liquidity risk
       management functions as required by the senior management. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department
       of the Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO and responsible for various concrete management work
       including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative and
       quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Internal Audit Department of the Head Office conducts comprehensive
       audit on the Group’s liquidity risk management.
       The Group is prudent in managing its liquidity risk, which suits its current development stage. The Group’s existing
       liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and suit its own management needs.
       The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches acting in concert. The Asset
       and Liability Management Department acting as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of daily liquidity risk
       management. According to a prudent basis under regulatory requirements, the treasurer is conducting centralised
       liquidity management through limits management, budget control, initiative debt management as well as internal
       fund transfer pricing.
       The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as medium and long-term
       structures. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals.
       The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity risk resistance under extreme circumstances. Except
       for the annual stress testing required by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on
       the liquidity risk of local and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
       contingency drills to continuously improve its capability to handle any liquidity crisis.
274   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                Over        Over
                                                                 Repayable       Within   1 month to    3 months    Over 1 year       Over
                                                                on demand      1 month      3 months    to 1 year    to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue        Total
             Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))        46,957          38          136        1,925              –           –     524,732          –     573,788
             Amounts due from banks and other financial
                institutions                                        47,422     479,313       151,267      194,478       24,214           13           –          –      896,707
             Loans and advances to customers                        37,161     567,322       521,001    1,785,295    1,888,461    1,793,147           –     30,563    6,622,950
             Financial investments and derivative financial
                assets (note (ii))                                   4,936     269,334       155,234     506,409     1,381,773    1,330,326      26,820         72    3,674,904
                – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
                      derivative financial assets)                   4,936     229,529        51,315     131,726       162,250      65,290        4,505          –      649,551
                – Debt investments at amortised cost                     –      20,519        58,800     181,330       740,026     919,716            –         70    1,920,461
                – Debt investments at FVTOCI                             –      19,286        45,119     193,353       479,497     345,320            –          2    1,082,577
                – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                –           –             –           –             –           –       22,315          –       22,315
             Other assets (note (iii))                              36,930      12,493        14,400      21,479        18,287       4,669      270,768      4,661      383,687
             Total assets                                          173,406    1,328,500      842,038    2,509,586    3,312,735    3,128,155     822,320     35,296   12,152,036
             Borrowing from central banks and amounts
                due to banks and other financial institutions      656,081     149,972       150,656      201,897       41,794       6,617            –          –    1,207,017
             Deposits from customers                             4,752,616     673,445       936,315    1,420,661    1,288,740      24,810            –          –    9,096,587
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
                derivative financial liabilities)                   16,928      10,044         6,266      18,668        16,519      30,619            –          –      99,044
             Lease liabilities                                           –         448           607       2,855         7,705       1,163            –          –      12,778
             Debt securities issued                                      –      26,710        72,254      61,455        53,770       7,394            –          –     221,583
             Other liabilities (note (iii))                        141,006      34,895        22,135      49,859        33,352         305            –          –     281,552
             Total liabilities                                   5,566,631     895,514     1,188,233    1,755,395    1,441,880      70,908            –          –   10,918,561
             (Short)/long position                              (5,393,225)    432,986      (346,195)    754,191     1,870,855    3,057,247     822,320     35,296    1,233,475
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                              275
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
       Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                          Over        Over
                                                           Repayable       Within   1 month to    3 months    Over 1 year       Over
                                                          on demand      1 month      3 months    to 1 year    to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue        Total
       Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))      140,809          255          223        1,863              –           –    539,350           –     682,500
       Amounts due from banks and other financial
          institutions                                       64,142      301,382       51,889       133,647        7,308           13           –          –      558,381
       Loans and advances to customers                       38,971      583,687      497,465     1,520,502    1,843,531    1,734,232           –     23,672    6,242,060
       Financial investments and derivative financial
          assets (note (ii))                                  2,756      182,087      149,778      360,604     1,158,573    1,298,096     28,673       2,316    3,182,883
          – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
                derivative financial assets)                  2,756      138,053       59,690      140,317       159,012       36,026      9,024           –      544,878
          – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –       29,336       41,940       96,841       554,608    1,003,589          –       2,306    1,728,620
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI                            –       14,698       48,148      123,446       444,953      258,481          –          10      889,736
          – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI               –            –            –            –             –            –     19,649           –       19,649
       Other assets (note (iii))                             33,120       11,473       15,382       21,518        15,266        5,155    256,260       4,485      362,659
       Total assets                                         279,798     1,078,884     714,737     2,038,134    3,024,678    3,037,496    824,283      30,473   11,028,483
       Borrowing from central banks and amounts
          due to banks and other financial institutions     449,682      366,937      157,079       243,626       41,428       6,845            –          –    1,265,597
       Deposits from customers                            4,474,297      432,094      542,828     1,301,368    1,375,860      28,991            –          –    8,155,438
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
          derivative financial liabilities)                   8,577        7,753        4,731        8,601        12,077      19,662            –          –      61,401
       Lease liabilities                                          –          454          578        2,804         7,757       1,082            –          –      12,675
       Debt securities issued                                     –        9,901       25,288       82,023        50,176       7,376            –          –     174,764
       Other liabilities (note (iii))                       145,327       31,190       18,236       45,907        31,803         416            –          –     272,879
       Total liabilities                                  5,077,883      848,329      748,740     1,684,329    1,519,101      64,372            –          –    9,942,754
       (Short)/long position                              (4,798,085)    230,555       (34,003)    353,805     1,505,577    2,973,124    824,283      30,473    1,085,729

       Notes:

       (i)         For cash and balances with central banks, the amounts with indefinite maturities represent statutory deposit reserve and fiscal deposit
                   balances.

       (ii)        For financial investments at FVTPL included in financial investments, their maturity dates do not represent the Group’s intention to hold them
                   to maturity.

       (iii)       Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
276   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
             assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, and loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period.
             The Group’s actual cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                           Over          Over
                                                     Carrying               Repayable       Within   1 month to      3 months Over 1 year        Over
                                                      amount         Total on demand      1 month      3 months      to 1 year to 5 years      5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
             Non-derivative financial assets
             Cash and balances with central
                banks                                573,788      573,788      46,957          38          136          1,925            –           –     524,732          –
             Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions                896,707      904,328     47,430     479,793       152,137        197,581      27,374          13           –          –
             Loans and advances to customers        6,622,950    7,670,661     37,161     583,775       555,313      1,963,041   2,235,195   2,265,613           –     30,563
             Financial investments                  3,642,371    4,273,759      4,956     272,560       163,542        555,653   1,597,127   1,653,029      26,820         72
                – Financial investments at FVTPL      617,018      638,145      4,956     225,776        45,894        124,509     156,719      75,786       4,505          –
                – Debt investments at amortised
                     cost                           1,920,461    2,324,329           –     25,001        67,717       219,327     895,238    1,116,976           –         70
                – Debt investments at FVTOCI        1,082,577    1,288,970           –     21,783        49,931       211,817     545,170      460,267           –          2
                – Equity investments designated
                     at FVTOCI                        22,315       22,315           –           –             –             –            –          –       22,315          –
             Other assets                            102,337      102,337      33,461      12,442        14,328        21,190        5,063        511       10,681      4,661
             Total                                 11,838,153   13,524,873    169,965    1,348,608      885,456      2,739,390   3,864,759   3,919,166     562,233     35,296

                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                           Over          Over
                                                     Carrying               Repayable       Within   1 month to      3 months Over 1 year        Over
                                                      amount         Total on demand      1 month      3 months      to 1 year to 5 years      5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
                and lease liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions            1,207,017      1,220,980     656,335    150,888       152,614        206,029      47,556      7,558            –          –
             Deposits from customers              9,096,587      9,321,148   4,793,218    686,784       958,060      1,470,346   1,387,318     25,422            –          –
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL          67,461         67,510      16,886      6,247         1,342          7,526       4,998     30,511            –          –
             Lease liabilities                       12,778         13,793           –        451           614          2,908       8,299      1,521            –          –
             Debt securities issued                 221,583        228,531           –     26,990        73,018         63,674      57,135      7,714            –          –
             Other liabilities                      181,168        181,168      43,755     33,783        21,974         48,334      33,017        305            –          –
             Total                                 10,786,594   11,033,130   5,510,194    905,143     1,207,622      1,798,817   1,538,323     73,031            –          –
             Gross loan commitments                         –    1,783,211   1,783,211           –            –              –           –           –           –          –
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                               277
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
       The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
       assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, and loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period.
       The Group’s actual cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis. (continued)
                                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                      Over          Over
                                               Carrying                 Repayable      Within   1 month to      3 months    Over 1 year       Over
                                               amount          Total   on demand     1 month      3 months      to 1 year    to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
       Non-derivative financial assets
       Cash and balances with central
          banks                                682,500      682,500      140,809         255          223          1,863             –            –    539,350           –
       Amounts due from banks and other
          financial institutions                558,381      562,870      64,150     301,674       52,393         136,751        7,889           13          –           –
       Loans and advances to customers        6,242,060    7,530,562      38,971     602,390      539,585       1,708,061    2,267,026    2,350,857          –      23,672
       Financial investments                  3,164,150    3,758,609       2,676     184,830      159,063         408,936    1,373,493    1,598,622     28,673       2,316
          – Financial investments at FVTPL      526,145      530,575       2,676     134,391       56,151         134,875      156,588       36,870      9,024           –
          – Debt investments at amortised
               cost                           1,728,620    2,155,149            –     33,629       50,472        133,924       712,112    1,222,706           –      2,306
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI          889,736    1,053,236            –     16,810       52,440        140,137       504,793      339,046           –         10
          – Equity investments designated
               at FVTOCI                        19,649       19,649            –           –            –              –             –           –      19,649           –
       Other assets                             90,873       90,873       31,314      11,445       15,314         20,884         1,975         427       5,029       4,485
       Total                                 10,737,964   12,625,414     277,920    1,100,594     766,578       2,276,495    3,650,383    3,949,919    573,052      30,473

                                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                      Over          Over
                                               Carrying                 Repayable      Within   1 month to      3 months    Over 1 year       Over
                                               amount          Total   on demand     1 month      3 months      to 1 year    to 5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
       Non-derivative financial liabilities
          and lease liabilities
       Borrowing from central banks and
          amounts due to banks and other
          financial institutions            1,265,597      1,300,017     449,843     375,736      168,105         251,248       47,192       7,893            –          –
       Deposits from customers              8,155,438      8,434,777   4,559,684     434,432      554,142       1,360,396    1,496,187      29,936            –          –
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL          43,958         44,074       8,566       4,696        1,053           2,996        7,146      19,617            –          –
       Lease liabilities                       12,675         13,664           –         457          586           2,880        8,461       1,280            –          –
       Debt securities issued                 174,764        182,443           –      10,401       26,108          84,324       53,672       7,938            –          –
       Other liabilities                      175,135        175,135      50,536      30,287       18,080          44,377       31,439         416            –          –
       Total                                  9,827,567   10,150,110   5,068,629     856,009      768,074       1,746,221    1,644,097      67,080            –          –
       Gross loan commitments                         –    1,682,128   1,682,128            –            –              –            –            –           –          –

       Note:      Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
278   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (d)    Operational risk
             Operational risk arises from the loss due to deficiency in internal procedures, staffing or IT structure, as well as
             external events which have effect on operation, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputation risk.
             During the reporting period, through stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in
             key areas, and by focusing on process, policy, employee system, and existing problems of critical control segments,
             the Group further improves the risk management method, appraisal and assessment mechanism, and strengthens
             economic capital allocation mechanism with the goal of enhancing the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
             management of the Group. All major indexes meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.
             In view of the challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
             appetite, continue to upgrade its risk management capabilities and strengthen operational risk monitoring and
             controls, in order to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



      (e)    Capital management
             The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
             –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
                    requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion,
                    social responsibility and strategic planning implementation to achieve a comprehensive, coordinated and
                    sustainable growth;
             –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
                    disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
                    entire group;
             –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various risk-
                    specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application regimes,
                    strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate customer
                    pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
             –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
                    structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns for shareholders.
             The Group manages its capital structure and adjusts it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
             of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
             issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
             debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under the approaches stipulated by
             regulators. The Group and the Bank submit required information to the NFRA every quarter.
             The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
             calculation covers all branches of the Bank. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
             capital adequacy ratio calculation included: CMB WLB, CMBIC, CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB
             Europe S.A.
            Since 1 January 2024, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the NFRA’s the Rules
            on Capital Management of Commercial Banks . According to the approval and requirements of implementing the
            advanced method of capital measurement by the former CBIRC on April 18, 2014 and the NFRA’s relevant provisions
            of the Notice on implement of Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks (國家金融監督管理總局關於實
            施《商業銀行資本管理辦法》相關事項的通知) (Jin Gui [2023] No. 9), within the approved scope, the Group could
            calculate corporation and financial institution risk exposure using the Foundation Internal Ratings-Based Approach,
            retail risk exposure using the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based Approach, market risk and operational risk using the
            Standardised Approach. At the same time, the NFRA or its agencies implemented a transition period for commercial
            banks that were approved to adopt the Advanced Measurement Approach. During the transition period, commercial
            banks should follow Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks to carry out capital measurement.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   279
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(e)    Capital management (continued)
       The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
       ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resistance. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
       management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
       to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
       Group’s operating conditions.
       The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plan and manage its capital
       adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
       and risk movement trends.
      The capital ratios calculated by the Advanced Measurement Approach set out in the Rules on Capital Management
      of Commercial Banks are as follows:
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
       Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                     14.86%                13.73%
       Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                          17.48%                16.01%
       Capital adequacy ratio                                                                 19.05%                17.88%
       Core tier-1 capital                                                                 1,036,392                920,759
       Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                         13,344                 13,451
       Net core tier-1 capital                                                             1,023,048                907,308
       Additional tier-1 capital                                                             180,446                150,446
       Net tier-1 capital                                                                  1,203,494              1,057,754
       Tier-2 capital                                                                        108,248                123,733
       Net capital                                                                         1,311,742              1,181,487
       Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the capital floor
         requirements)                                                                     6,885,783              6,608,021



(f)    Use of derivatives
       Derivatives include forwards, swaps and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
       interest rate markets.
       The Group enters into interest rate, foreign currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business
       and its assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivatives can be divided into financial instruments
       that are held for fair value hedge and cash flow hedging purpose and that are at fair value through profit or loss.
       The Group formulates appropriate hedging strategies and uses proper tools in light of the risk profile of interest
       rates or foreign exchange rates associated with its assets and liabilities, as well as its analysis and judgement
       regarding future movements of interest rates or foreign exchange rates.
       The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Such
       risk can be offset through the use of foreign exchange forwards or foreign exchange options.
280   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             In cash flow hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks
             arising from RMB loans and interbank assets or liabilities. In fair value hedge, the Group uses interest rate swaps as
             hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks arising from bond investments measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income.
             The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair values of derivatives
             of the Group by remaining maturities at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives
             indicate the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, and do not represent
             the amounts at risk.
                                                                                          2024
                                                             Notional amounts with remaining life                     Fair value
                                                               Between      Between
                                                   Within     3 months         1 year        Over
                                                 3 months    and 1 year   and 5 years      5 years          Total   Assets    Liabilities
             Derivatives at fair value through
              profit or loss
              Interest rate derivatives           295,444      931,606       847,772         1,290      2,076,112   11,136         (11,478)
                 Interest rate swaps              290,990      931,524       847,772         1,290      2,071,576   11,035         (11,478)
                 Bond futures                       4,454           82             –             –          4,536      101               –
               Currency derivatives               944,726      947,917        83,676         1,722      1,978,041   20,926         (19,773)
                 Forwards                          44,479       21,093         1,372           280         67,224      588            (579)
                 Foreign exchange swaps           664,671      740,338        67,377         1,442      1,473,828   17,734         (16,958)
                 Futures                               18          387             –             –            405        –               –
                 Options                          235,558      186,099        14,927             –        436,584    2,604          (2,236)
               Other derivatives                    4,767        6,090           230              37      11,124      262             (123)
                 Equity options purchased             805        2,769             –              37       3,611      131                –
                 Equity options written               805        2,769             –               –       3,574        –              (21)
                 Commodity trading swaps            3,157          351             –               –       3,508      131             (100)
                 Credit default swaps                   –          201           230               –         431        –               (2)
             Fair value hedge derivatives
               Interest rate derivatives                 –            –          500                –        500         –             (15)
                  Interest rate swaps                    –            –          500                –        500         –             (15)
               Currency derivatives                 1,200        1,940         6,614                –      9,754       76             (161)
                 Foreign exchange swaps             1,200        1,940         6,614                –      9,754       76             (161)
             Cash flow hedge derivatives
               Interest rate derivatives            2,110       10,384         9,533             330      22,357      128              (33)
                  Interest rate swaps               2,110       10,384         9,533             330      22,357      128              (33)
             Derivatives managed in
              conjunction with financial
              instruments designated at FVTPL
              Interest rate derivatives                  –            –          183                –        183        5                –
                 Interest rate swaps                     –            –          183                –        183        5                –
             Total                               1,248,247    1,897,937      948,508         3,379      4,098,071   32,533         (31,583)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                281
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                      2023
                                                        Notional amounts with remaining life                       Fair value
                                                         Between      Between
                                             Within     3 months         1 year          Over
                                           3 months    and 1 year   and 5 years        5 years          Total   Assets          Liabilities
       Derivatives at fair value through
        profit or loss
        Interest rate derivatives           323,413      805,040       676,727           1,791      1,806,971    5,328             (5,314)
           Interest rate swaps              323,239      805,030       676,727           1,791      1,806,787    5,327             (5,314)
           Bond futures                         174            –             –               –            174        1                  –
           Interest rate options                  –           10             –               –             10        –                  –
         Currency derivatives               664,819      717,287        39,675           1,199      1,422,980   11,692           (10,372)
           Forwards                          35,148       17,293           257           1,199         53,897      375              (480)
           Foreign exchange swaps           426,525      394,675        30,310               –        851,510    8,853            (7,824)
           Futures                            1,949        3,503             –               –          5,452        –                 –
           Options                          201,197      301,816         9,108               –        512,121    2,464            (2,068)
         Other derivatives                  135,119        1,553             52                35    136,759     1,485             (1,300)
           Equity options purchased          63,675          293              –                35     64,003     1,110                  –
           Equity options written            63,675          293              –                 –     63,968         –               (876)
           Commodity trading swaps            7,769          327             52                 –      8,148       375               (354)
           Credit default swaps                   –          640              –                 –        640         –                (70)
       Fair value hedge derivatives
         Interest rate derivatives                 –           –            513          2,838         3,351        –                (123)
            Interest rate swaps                    –           –            513          2,838         3,351        –                (123)
         Currency derivatives                      –         753          7,529              –         8,282      123                (295)
            Foreign exchange swaps                 –         753          7,529              –         8,282      123                (295)
       Cash flow hedge derivatives
         Interest rate derivatives            1,752        3,685          2,890            369         8,696      105                  (38)
            Interest rate swaps               1,752        3,685          2,890            369         8,696      105                  (38)
       Derivatives managed in
        conjunction with financial
        instruments designated at FVTPL
        Interest rate derivatives               213            –              –                 –        213         –                  (1)
           Interest rate swaps                  213            –              –                 –        213         –                  (1)
       Total                               1,125,316   1,528,318       727,386           6,232      3,387,252   18,733           (17,443)

       There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
282   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows:
                                                                                                          2024                   2023
             Default risk weighted assets of counterparties                                              4,254                  2,586
             Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                            2,353                  2,410
             Total                                                                                       6,607                  4,996

            Since 1 January 2024, the risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with Rules
            on Capital Management of Commercial Banks . The amounts within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April
            2014 are calculated using the Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is adopted to calculate
            those that are not eligible for the Internal Ratings-Based approach.



      (g)    Fair value information
      (i)    Methods of determining fair value of financial instruments
             Several of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosure requirements stipulate the measurement of fair values, for
             both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
             The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
             team that takes the responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including the three levels of
             fair values.
             The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
             information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to determine fair value, then the valuation team
             assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
             requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards, including the classification of levels in the fair value hierarchy.
             When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
             Fair values are categorised into different levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
             techniques.
             The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair value hierarchy of the
             lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:
             –       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
                     can access at the measurement date;
             –       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
                     or liability, either directly or indirectly;
             –       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
             The Group recognises transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during
             which the transfer takes place.
             The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
             assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 283
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis
       The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
       period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
       date:
                                                                                         2024
                                                                  Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
       Assets
       Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    15,699          584,337           3,317         603,353
          – Debt securities                                       14,204          237,508             340         252,052
          – Long position in precious metal contracts                134                –               –             134
          – Equity investments                                     1,360                3           1,899           3,262
          – Fund investments                                           1          343,079             871         343,951
          – Wealth management products                                 –            3,134               –           3,134
          – Other                                                      –              613             207             820
       Financial investments designated at FVTPL                   1,646           12,019               –          13,665
          – Debt securities                                        1,646           12,019               –          13,665
       Derivative financial assets                                     –           32,533               –          32,533
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –           34,601           1,174          35,775
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                230,469          861,658               –       1,092,127
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –          345,349         206,343         551,692
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                    12,873            1,903           7,539          22,315
       Total                                                     260,687        1,872,400         218,373       2,351,460
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading                      28,757             389               –          29,146
          – Financial liabilities related to precious metal        28,757               –               –          28,757
          – Short position on bonds                                     –             389               –             389
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    5,567          31,592           1,156          38,315
          – Debt securities issued                                  5,567               –               –           5,567
          – Other                                                       –          31,592           1,156          32,748
       Derivative financial liabilities                                 –          31,583               –          31,583
       Total                                                       34,324          63,564           1,156          99,044
284   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
             period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
             date: (continued)
                                                                                               2023
                                                                         Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    18,311          490,795           4,160         513,266
                – Debt securities                                       14,923          246,526             359         261,808
                – Long position in precious metal contracts              1,604                –               –           1,604
                – Equity investments                                     1,752              341           2,392           4,485
                – Fund investments                                          32          241,091           1,181         242,304
                – Wealth management products                                 –            2,729               –           2,729
                – Other                                                      –              108             228             336
             Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     756           12,123               –          12,879
                – Debt securities                                          756           12,123               –          12,879
             Derivative financial assets                                     –           18,733               –          18,733
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –           66,701           3,729          70,430
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                140,869          758,233               –         899,102
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –          404,417         120,762         525,179
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                    10,006            2,305           7,338          19,649
             Total                                                     169,942        1,753,307         135,989       2,059,238
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading                      15,748             380               –          16,128
                – Financial liabilities related to precious metal        15,748               –               –          15,748
                – Short position on bonds                                     –             380               –             380
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                    5,179          20,826           1,825          27,830
                – Certificates of deposit issued                              –             212               –             212
                – Debt securities issued                                  5,179               –               –           5,179
                – Other                                                       –          20,614           1,825          22,439
             Derivative financial liabilities                                 –          17,443               –          17,443
             Total                                                       20,927          38,649           1,825          61,401

             During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no significant transfers of financial instruments
             between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 285
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (1)    Basis of determining the market prices for recurring fair value measurements categorised as Level 1
              Bloomberg etc. are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


       (2)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurement categorised as Level 2
              Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China Bond website on the valuation date
              is measured using the latest available valuation results.
              Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market is measured by using the
              comprehensive valuations provided by Bloomberg, etc.
              Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial instruments is measured by
              discounting the differences between the contract prices and market future prices of the foreign exchange
              forwards contracts. The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the
              end of the reporting period.
              Fair value of option contracts such as foreign exchange options, commodity options and equity options are
              measured by using the Black-Scholes model, based on market data such as risk-free interest rate, underlying
              market prices and price volatility of foreign exchange, commodities, and equity contract. The above market
              data used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Refinitiv, Wind and other market
              information providers.
              Fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange swaps, and non-option commodity contracts in derivative
              financial instruments is measured by discounting the expected receivable or payable amounts under the
              assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of the reporting period. The discount rates
              used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end of reporting period.
              Observable quoted price in market or valuation techniques applicable at present are used as the basis of
              determining the value of equity investments measured at FVTPL, investment funds and wealth management
              products.
              The fair value of discounted bills at FVTOCI and at FVTPL is mainly measured based on the rate of
              rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd. The Group uses
              10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills; or is measured by
              discounted cash flow approach.
              The fair value of equity investments designated at FVTOCI is measured by using the comprehensive valuations
              on Bloomberg or discounted cash flow approach using the relevant yield curve of China Bond at the end of
              the reporting period.
              The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations on
              Bloomberg.
              The fair value of “Other” under financial investments measured at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset
              values.
              The fair value of other financial liabilities designated at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset values of
              the funds, determined with reference to observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and
              adjustments of related expenses.
286   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3:
                                                             Fair value
                                                                   as at
                                                          31 December
                                                                   2024    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
                    Equity investments designated at              1,022    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                       FVTOCI
                    Equity investments designated at                 67    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                       FVTOCI                                                approach                   rate, cash flow
                    Equity investments designated at              6,450    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                       FVTOCI                                                                           discount
                    Loans and advances to customers               1,174    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                       at FVTPL                                              approach                   rate
                    Loans and advances to customers            206,343     Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                       at FVTOCI                                             approach                   rate
                    Financial investments measured at
                       FVTPL
                       – Equity investments                       1,119    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                       – Equity investments                         516    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate, cash flow
                      – Equity investments                          264    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                        discount
                      – Debt securities                             340    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate
                      – Fund investments                            807    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                      – Fund investments                             64    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      – Other                                       163    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate, cash flow
                       – Other                                       44    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                    Financial liabilities designated at           1,156    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                       FVTPL                                                                            discount
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          287
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                                                       Fair value
                                                            as at
                                                    31 December
                                                            2023    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
              Equity investments designated at             2,742    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                 FVTOCI
              Equity investments designated at                71    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                 FVTOCI                                               approach                   rate, cash flow
              Equity investments designated at             4,525    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                 FVTOCI                                                                          discount
              Loans and advances to customers              3,729    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                 at FVTPL                                             approach                   rate
              Loans and advances to customers           120,762     Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                 at FVTOCI                                            approach                   rate
              Financial investments measured at
                 FVTPL
                 – Equity investments                      1,520    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                 – Equity investments                        642    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                   rate, cash flow
                – Equity investments                         230    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                 discount
                – Debt securities                            359    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                   rate
                – Fund investments                         1,180    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                – Fund investments                             1    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                – Other                                      184    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                   rate, cash flow
                 – Other                                      44    Net fund value approach    Net assets
              Financial liabilities designated at          1,825    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                 FVTPL                                                                           discount
288   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                    Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                    The following tables show the movements from the beginning balances to the ending balances for Level 3
                    financial instruments:
                                                                                             Loans and      Loans and           Equity
                                                                               Financial    advances to    advances to    investments
                                                                            investments       customers      customers     designated
                    Assets                                                     at FVTPL        at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI        Total
                    At 1 January 2024                                              4,160          3,729       120,762            7,338    135,989
                    Profit or loss
                      – In profit or loss                                           (531)           (84)             –               –        (615)
                      – In other comprehensive income                                  –              –            252             297         549
                    Addition for the year                                             72              –        485,550               –     485,622
                    Disposals or settlement on maturity                             (179)        (2,472)      (400,221)           (104)   (402,976)
                    Transfer out of level 3                                         (214)             –              –               –        (214)
                    Exchange difference                                                9              1              –               8          18
                    At 31 December 2024                                            3,317          1,174       206,343            7,539    218,373
                    Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets
                      held at the end of the reporting period                       (434)         (104)              –               –        (538)

                                                                                             Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                                Financial   advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                             investments     customers      customers       designated
                    Assets                                                      at FVTPL       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI       at FVTOCI       Total
                    At 1 January 2023                                              4,714          4,991       100,430            7,390    117,525
                    Profit or loss
                      – In profit or loss                                            (14)           117              –               –         103
                      – In other comprehensive income                                  –              –            103            (131)        (28)
                    Addition for the year                                            553             70        325,509              77     326,209
                    Disposals or settlement on maturity                             (596)        (1,451)      (305,280)             (1)   (307,328)
                    Transfer out of level 3                                         (560)             –              –               –        (560)
                    Exchange difference                                               63              2              –               3          68
                    At 31 December 2023                                            4,160          3,729       120,762            7,338    135,989
                    Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets
                      held at the end of the reporting period                        (98)           14               –               –         (84)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              289
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
              Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                        2024              2023
              Balance as at 1 January                                                          1,825             2,647
              In loss                                                                           (235)              (122)
              Addition for the year                                                                6                  –
              Disposals and settlement on maturity                                              (455)              (739)
              Exchange difference                                                                 15                 39
              Balance as at 31 December                                                        1,156             1,825
              Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the
                reporting period                                                                (235)              (122)

              During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no significant transfers among different
              levels for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
              During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group did not change the valuation techniques for
              the financial assets and liabilities disclosed above which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
290   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)     Fair value information (continued)
      (iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
              (1)   Financial Assets
                     The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include balances with central banks,
                     balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale agreements,
                     loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and investments at amortised cost.
                     Except for loans and advances measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments measured
                     at amortised cost, most of the financial assets not measured at fair value mature within 1 year, and their
                     carrying values approximate their fair values.
                     Loans and advances are stated at amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22). Loans and
                     advances at amortised cost are mostly priced at floating rates with reference to Loan Prime Rates (LPRs) and
                     repriced at least annually, and impairment allowances are made to reduce the carrying amounts of impaired
                     loans to estimated recoverable amounts. Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to
                     their fair value.
                     Debt investments measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost less allowances for impairment
                     losses. The fair value of the listed bonds is disclosed in Note 23(b).
                     The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of debt investments at amortised cost not measured at
                     fair value are listed as below:
                     The Level 1 fair value measurement is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets using Bloomberg
                     etc. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China Bond website are used to measure fair value of
                     bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds without active quoted
                     price, which are measured using the published comprehensive valuation by Bloomberg. The Level 3 fair value
                     is measured using discounted cash flow valuation technique.
                                                                                 2024                                                      2023
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3
                     Debt investments at amortised cost 1,920,461   2,066,244    71,429     1,913,893   80,922    1,728,620   1,791,963    61,918     1,659,705   70,340

                     Note:       The above financial assets do not include accrued interest.




              (2)   Financial Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due
                     to banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities
                     issued by the Group. The carrying value of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the
                     reporting period, except for the financial liabilities set out below:
                                                                                 2024                                                      2023
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3
                     Debt securities issued               85,003       89,325           –     89,325         –     119,193     118,924            –    118,924         –

                     Note:       The above financial liabilities do not include accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                     291
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions
(a)    Material connected person information
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows:
                                                                              Proportion Proportion
                                                     Issued   No. of shares       of the      of the
                                                  and fully    of the Bank     Bank held Company
                                 Registered            paid    held by the        by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
       Company name              location           capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Merchants Group     Beijing         RMB16,900    7,559,427,375       29.97%         –   Transportation, shipping      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           (CMG)                                    million                   (note (i)(vii))          agency, warehousing           shareholder’s    liability
                                                                                                       and storage, leasing,         parent company
                                                                                                       manufacturing building
                                                                                                       and facility, repair
                                                                                                       and contracting, sales
                                                                                                       operating management
                                                                                                       service, etc.
       – China Merchants Steam Beijing           RMB17,000    3,289,470,337       13.04%         –   Transportation, building      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Navigation Co., Ltd.                     million                      (note (ii))           and repair, procurement, shareholder           liability
           (CMSN)                                                                                      supply chain management
                                                                                                       and distribution, shipping
                                                                                                       agency services, etc.
       – Shenzhen Yan Qing       Shenzhen          RMB600     1,258,542,349         4.99%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Sun Xian
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Shenzhen Chu Yuan       Shenzhen          RMB600      944,013,171          3.74%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Sun Xian
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – China Merchants         Shenzhen         RMB7,778    1,147,377,415         4.55%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Financial Holdings                       million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                   materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Best Winner Investment British Virgin       USD 1     386,924,063          1.53%        –   –                             Shareholder      Joint stock   –
           Ltd.                   Islands                                                                                                             limited
                                                                                                                                                      company
       – China Merchants Union British Virgin      USD0.06     477,903,500          1.89%        –   –                             Shareholder      Limited       –
           (BVI) Limited          Islands           million                                                                                           liability
       – China Merchants        Shenzhen            USD10       55,196,540          0.22%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Wang Xiaoding
           Industry Development                     million                                            enterprise management                          liability
           (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                                             consulting and investment
                                                                                                       consulting, etc.
292   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                Proportion Proportion
                                                       Issued   No. of shares       of the      of the
                                                    and fully    of the Bank     Bank held Company
                                      Registered         paid    held by the        by the     held by                             Relationship                    Legal
             Company name             location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank     Legal form    representative
             China COSCO Shipping Shanghai         RMB11,000    2,515,193,034       9.97%          – International shipping      Shareholder’s    Limited          Wan Min
                 Corporation Limited.                 million                     (note(iii))          business, supporting        parent company liability
                                                                                                       services to international
                                                                                                       shipping, imports and
                                                                                                       exports of goods and
                                                                                                       technology, international
                                                                                                       freight forwarding agent,
                                                                                                       etc.
             – China Ocean Shipping   Beijing      RMB16,191    1,574,729,111       6.24%          – Transportation business,    Shareholder      Limited          Wan Min
                 Co., Ltd.                            million                                          leasing business, ship                       liability
                                                                                                       purchasing and marketing
                                                                                                       business, warehousing
                                                                                                       business, etc.
             – COSCO Shipping          Guangzhou    RMB3,191     696,450,214        2.76%          – Shipping business           Shareholder      Limited          Shou Jian
                 (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                million                                                                                       liability
             – Guangzhou COSCO         Guangzhou      RMB52      103,552,616        0.41%          – Business services           Shareholder      Limited          Chen Jianyao
                 Shipping Haining                     million                                                                                       liability
                 Technology Co., Ltd.
             – COSCO Shipping          Shanghai     RMB1,399      75,617,340        0.30%          – Shipping business, leasing    Shareholder       Limited       Zhao Bangtao
                 (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                 million                                          business, ship repairing                        liability
                                                                                                       and building etc.
             – COSCO Shipping        Hong Kong       HKD500       54,721,930        0.22%          – Leasing business, financing   Shareholder       Limited       Zhang Mingwen
                 Investment Holdings                  million                                          business, insurance                             liability
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                             business etc.
             – Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Guangzhou         RMB299       10,121,823        0.04%          – Ship purchasing and           Shareholder       Limited       Liu Wenbao
                 Oil & Shipping                       million                                          marketing business,                             liability
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                             shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                       business, shipping
                                                                                                       business etc.
             China Communications Beijing           RMB7,274     406,670,418        1.61%          – General contractor for        Shareholder’s    Limited        Wang Tongzhou
                 Construction Group                   million                     (note(iv))           construction                  parent company liability
                 Limited
             – China Communications Beijing        RMB16,166     201,089,738        0.80%          – General contractor for        Shareholder      Joint stock    Wang Tongzhou
                 Construction                         million                                          construction, leasing                          limited
                 Company Limited                                                                       and repair, technical                          company
                                                                                                       consulting service, imports
                                                                                                       and exports, investment
                                                                                                       and management business
             Shanghai Automotive      Shanghai     RMB21,749     310,125,822        1.23%          – Production and sale           Shareholder’s    Limited        Wang Xiaoqiu
                 Industry Corporation                 million                     (note(v))            of vehicles, asset            parent company liability
                 (Group)                                                                               management business,
                                                                                                       domestic trade business,
                                                                                                       consulting service
             – SAIC Motor Corporation Shanghai     RMB11,575     310,125,822        1.23%          – Production and sale of        Shareholder      Joint stock    Wang Xiaoqiu
                 Limited                              million                                          vehicles, consulting                           limited
                                                                                                       service, imports and                           company
                                                                                                       exports
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                293
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(a)    Material connected person information (continued)
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                                          Proportion Proportion
                                                 Issued   No. of shares       of the      of the
                                              and fully    of the Bank     Bank held Company
                                Registered         paid    held by the        by the     held by                            Relationship                     Legal
       Company name             location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                    with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Insurance Security Beijing        RMB100      140,927,147        0.56%          – Investing and establishing Shareholder’s       Limited        Ji Yuhua
           Fund Co., Ltd                        million                     (note(vi))            insurance companies,         parent company liability
                                                                                                  supervising and managing
                                                                                                  various domestic and
                                                                                                  international businesses
                                                                                                  of holding investment
                                                                                                  enterprises, and
                                                                                                  investment business
                                                                                                  permitted by national laws
                                                                                                  and regulations, etc.
       – Dajia Life Insurance   Beijing      RMB30,790     140,927,147        0.56%          – Life insurance, health        Shareholder      Joint stock    He Xiaofeng
           Co., Ltd                             million                     (note(vi))            insurance, accident                           limited
                                                                                                  insurance, and other                          company
                                                                                                  personal insurance
                                                                                                  services, etc.
       CMB International Capital Hong Kong  HKD4,129                 –              –    100% Investment bank and            Subsidiary       Limited        Wang Liang
           Holdings Corporation                million                                            investment managements                        liability
           Limited (CMBIC)
       CMB Financial Leasing     Shanghai  RMB18,000                 –              –    100%    Finance lease              Subsidiary         Limited       Zhong Desheng
           Company Limited                     million                                                                                           liability
           (CMBFL)
       CMB Wing Lung Bank        Hong Kong  HKD1,161                 –              –    100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Liang
           Limited (CMB WLB)                   million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Fund      Shenzhen   RMB1,310                 –              –     55%    Fund Management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
           Management Co., Ltd.                million                                                                                           liability
           (CMFM)
       CMB Wealth Management Shenzhen       RMB5,556                 –              –     90%    Asset management           Subsidiary         Limited       Wu Jianbin
           Co., Ltd                            million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Europe Luxembourg      EUR100                 –              –    100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Xue Fei
           S.A. (CMB Europe                    million                                                                                           liability
           S.A.)
       Cigna & CMB Asset         Beijing     RMB500                  –              –    Note24 Asset management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
           Management                          million                                       (vii)                                               liability
           Company Limited
           (CIGNA & CMAM)


       Notes:

       (i)         CMG held 29.97% of the Bank indirectly (31 December 2023: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2024.

       (ii)        As the largest direct shareholder, CMSN, a subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2024 (2023: 13.04%).

       (iii)       China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2023: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

       (iv)        China Communications Construction Group Limited (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.61% of the Bank through its
                   subsidiaries (2023:1.68%).

       (v)         Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the Bank through its subsidiaries
                   (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2023: 1.23%).

       (vi)        China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 0.56% of the Bank (2023: 3.08%) through its 98.23% holding
                   in Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

       (vii)       The sum of the direct holding percentage of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the sum of the above-mentioned relevant percentages may
                   differ slightly due to rounding.
294   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             The registered capital of the Group’s related parties as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
             Name of related party                                                                                                                2024                                     2023
             CMG                                                                                                             RMB            16,900,000,000 RMB                      16,900,000,000
             CMSN                                                                                                            RMB            17,000,000,000 RMB                      17,000,000,000
             Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB               600,000,000 RMB                         600,000,000
             Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB               600,000,000 RMB                         600,000,000
             China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                    RMB             7,778,000,000 RMB                       7,778,000,000
             Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                                     USD                         1 USD                                   1
             China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited                                                                             USD                    60,000 USD                              60,000
             China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                            USD                10,000,000 USD                          10,000,000
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited                                                                        RMB            11,000,000,000 RMB                      11,000,000,000
             China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                  RMB            16,191,351,300 RMB                      16,191,351,300
             COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                            RMB             3,191,200,000 RMB                       3,191,200,000
             – Guangzhou COSCO Shipping Haining Technology Co., Ltd.                                                         RMB                52,000,000 RMB                          52,000,000
             COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                             RMB             1,398,941,000 RMB                       1,398,941,000
             COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                    HKD               500,000,000 HKD                         500,000,000
             Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                    RMB               299,020,000 RMB                         299,020,000
             China Communications Construction Group Limited                                                                 RMB             7,274,023,830 RMB                       7,274,023,830
             China Communications Construction Company Limited                                                               RMB            16,165,711,425 RMB                      16,165,711,425
             Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                                                RMB            21,749,175,737 RMB                      21,749,175,737
             SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                                                  RMB            11,575,299,445 RMB                      11,683,461,365
             China Insurance Security Fund                                                                                   RMB               100,000,000 RMB                         100,000,000
             Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd                                                                                   RMB            30,790,000,000 RMB                      30,790,000,000
             CMBIC                                                                                                           HKD             4,129,000,000 HKD                       4,129,000,000
             CMBFL                                                                                                           RMB            18,000,000,000 RMB                      12,000,000,000
             CMB WLB                                                                                                         HKD             1,160,950,575 HKD                       1,160,950,575
             CMFM                                                                                                            RMB             1,310,000,000 RMB                       1,310,000,000
             CMBWM                                                                                                           RMB             5,555,555,555 RMB                       5,555,555,555
             CMB Europe S. A.                                                                                                EUR               100,000,000 EUR                         100,000,000
             CIGNA & CMAM                                                                                                    RMB               500,000,000 RMB                         500,000,000

             The proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                          The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                           CMSN                CMBIC                 CMBFL                CMB WLB                  CMFM                  CMBWM           CMB Europe S.A.      CIGNA & CMAM
                                    No. of shares      %        HKD       %           RMB       %           HKD        %            RMB       %           RMB      %         EUR       %          RMB        %
             At 1 January 2024      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000   note
             At 31 December 2024    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 18,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000   note

                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                            The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                           CMSN                CMBIC                  CMBFL               CMB WLB                  CMFM                  CMBWM           CMB Europe S.A.      CIGNA & CMAM
                                     No. of shares     %         HKD      %            RMB      %           HKD        %             RMB      %           RMB      %          EUR      %          RMB        %
             At 1 January 2023      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000     note
             At 31 December 2023    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555        90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000    note

             Note:        This information is detailed in note 24.

             As of 31 December 2024, other than those disclosed above, there were 85 companies that shared common
             directors, supervisors and senior management including their close family members with the Bank and they can
             control or exercise significant influence over these companies (31 December 2023: 92).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               295
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(b)    Terms and conditions for related-party transactions
       The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business including
       lending, investing, deposit taking, securities trading, providing agency and trust services, and off-balance sheet
       transactions. In the opinion of the directors, the Group enters into such material related-party transactions under
       normal commercial terms. Interest rates on loans and deposits are strictly set in accordance with the deposit and
       loan interest rate management regulations published by the PBOC, and such banking transactions are priced based
       on the market prices at the time of transactions:
                                                                                             2024                  2023
       Short-term loans                                                           3.10% to 3.45%       3.55% to 3.65%
       Medium to long-term loans                                                  3.10% to 4.20%       3.55% to 4.30%
       Demand deposits                                                            0.10% to 0.35%                0.35%
       Time deposits                                                              0.80% to 2.75%       1.10% to 2.75%

       There were no loans and advances granted to related parties that were credit impaired during the year (2023:
       None).



(c)    Shareholders and their related companies
       The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG and its related companies held 29.97% (2023: 29.97%) of the Bank’s shares as
       at 31 December 2024 (among them 13.04% of the shares were directly held by CMSN (2023: 13.04%).
       The Group’s transactions and balances with CMSN and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                             2024                  2023
       On-balance sheet:
        – Amounts held under resale agreements                                                   –                2,942
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                   58,843               46,466
        – Financial investments                                                              7,580               12,159
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                              36,109               26,119
        – Deposits from customers                                                           75,028               59,227
        – Lease liabilities                                                                    186                  170
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                            8,096                3,510
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                     1,004                  971
         – Bills of acceptances                                                                599                  289
       Interest income                                                                       1,979                 2,364
       Interest expense                                                                     (1,366)               (1,475)
       Net fee and commission income                                                           425                 1,282
       Operating expenses                                                                   (1,012)                 (847)
       Other net income                                                                        238                   146
296   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (d)    Companies that share common directors, supervisors or senior management
             with the Bank (other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)) and they can control
             or exercise significant influence over the companies
                                                                          2024         2023
             On-balance sheet:
              – Loans and advances to customers                           8,805        9,360
              – Financial investments                                         –        2,116
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions          1        1,683
              – Placements from banks and other financial institutions        –          300
              – Deposits from customers                                  14,362       12,304
             Off-balance sheet:
               – Irrevocable guarantees                                       6         310
               – Bills of acceptances                                         3           –
             Interest income                                                412          601
             Interest expense                                              (200)        (460)
             Net fee and commission income                                   66            9
             Operating expenses                                          (3,330)      (3,440)
             Other net income                                                 –            4



      (e)    Associates and joint ventures other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)
                                                                          2024         2023
             On-balance sheet:
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions   12,800       17,500
              – Loans and advances to customers                           6,459        5,771
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions      1,055          894
              – Deposits from customers                                     658          731
             Off-balance sheet:
               – Irrevocable guarantees                                       2            –
             Interest income                                                775          432
             Interest expense                                               (35)         (26)
             Net fee and commission income                                1,722        2,307
             Operating expenses                                            (197)          (1)
             Other net income                                                16           16
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       297
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(f)    Other major shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the Bank and
       exercising significant influence over the Bank
                                                                                       2024                2023
       On-balance sheet:
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                           –                 600
        – Loans and advances to customers                                             46,929              38,949
        – Financial investments                                                          250                 995
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         4,439               3,908
        – Deposits from customers                                                     24,718              20,537
        – Lease liabilities                                                               13                  27
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                     12,979              12,146
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                               4,349               3,530
         – Bills of acceptances                                                        5,398               6,325
       Interest income                                                                 1,455               1,616
       Interest expense                                                                 (405)               (510)
       Net fee and commission income                                                     177                 114
       Operating expenses                                                                 (2)                 (2)
       Other net income                                                                  553                 291



(g)    Subsidiaries
                                                                                       2024                2023
       On-balance sheet
        – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                         5,585               2,204
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                      26,848              26,404
        – Loans and advances to customers                                             15,984              12,442
        – Financial investments                                                        1,526               3,711
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         6,552               3,578
        – Deposits from customers                                                      8,100               6,056
       Off-balance sheet
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                   –               1,289
         – Bills of acceptances                                                            –               1,009
       Interest income                                                                 1,434               1,360
       Interest expense                                                                 (120)               (115)
       Net fee and commission income                                                     591                 651
       Operating expenses                                                             (6,614)             (6,101)
       Other net income                                                                  610                 308

       All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
       consolidated financial statements.
298   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (h)    Key management personnel
             Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
             controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
             Salaries and other emoluments                                                            35,001                 37,228
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                         –                      –
             Share-based payment                                                                           –                (18,121)
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                      –                      –
             Total                                                                                    35,001                 19,107

             The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
             39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured
             by using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(16); and the amounts are
             charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options may
             expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual cash
             flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)    Annuity scheme
             Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
             other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
             2024 and 2023.



      62. Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries, the Group does
             not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during the reporting period.



      (a)    Perpetual debt capital
             CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of USD400 million on 24 January 2019, and fully redeemed
             the perpetual debt in the current period. Movements of these perpetual debt capital are as follows:
                                                                             Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2024                                                   2,838                      –                 2,838
             Redemption in 2024                                                 (2,886)                     –                (2,886)
             Distributions in 2024                                                   –                     93                    93
             Paid in 2024                                                            –                    (93)                  (93)
             Exchange difference                                                    48                      –                    48
             At 31 December 2024                                                     –                      –                      –

                                                                              Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2023                                                   2,787                      –                 2,787
             Distributions in 2023                                                   –                    182                   182
             Paid in 2023                                                            –                   (182)                 (182)
             Exchange difference                                                    51                      –                    51
             At 31 December 2023                                                 2,838                      –                 2,838

             There is no maturity for the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of
             the issuer. Cancelled interest is non-cumulative. There is no contractual obligation to deliver cash to other parties.
             During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
             corresponding amounts were paid to the perpetual debt holders accordingly.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    299
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



63. Transfers of financial assets
       The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
       to third parties or to structured entities. In some cases, such transfers may give rise to full or partial derecognition
       of the financial assets concerned, and in other cases the transfers may not qualify for derecognition as the Group
       retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these transferred assets. As a result, the Group continues to
       recognise these transferred assets.



       Securitisation of credit assets
       The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
       to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire certain
       investments at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the associated credit assets by
       evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
       With respect to the credit assets that are securitised and qualified for derecognition, based on the criteria set out in
       Note 4(5), the Group derecognises the transferred credit assets in their entirety. During the year of 2024, the Group
       transferred loans amounting to RMB22,569 million (2023: RMB22,589 million) in securitisation arrangements, as
       well as substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the loans. The full amount of such securitised loans
       were then derecognised.
       In the cases that the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets, and for which the Group retains control, the Group recognises an asset in the consolidated
       statement of financial position to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the transferred assets, the
       remaining portion is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and
       rewards exposed by the Group to the value changes of the transferred assets. For the year ended 31 December
       2024, there were nil as of new securitised credit assets in which the Group retained the continuing involvement
       (2023: Nil). The carrying amount of the continuing involvement asset and the corresponding continuing involvement
       liability, are recognised in other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position,
       amounting to RMB5,274 million as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB5,274 million).



       Transfers of credit assets to third parties
       During the year of 2024, in addition to securitisation transactions, the Group transferred credit assets amounting
       to RMB8 million (2023: RMB1,107 million) to independent third parties directly. The Group determined that these
       transferred assets qualified for full derecognition, based on the criteria set out in Note 4(5), since the Group has
       transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the transferred assets to the counterparties.



       Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
       Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills held
       by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and securities lent to counterparties under securities
       lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under agreements to
       repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
       of the contract. The Group determines that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and
       therefore does not derecognise them. Instead, it recognises a financial liability for cash received as collateral.
300   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
             The scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is determined on a control basis. Control means that
             the investor has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns by participating in the relevant activities of the
             investee, and has the ability to use the power to affect the amount of its return.
             The Group has the power over structured entities, and the other investors have no substantive rights. In the
             meantime, the Group is entitled to variable returns, and will consolidate entities, in which the Group has the right
             to affect the amount of its return.
             In addition to the above-mentioned structured entities that have been included in the Group’s consolidated financial
             statements, the Group’s interests in structured entities which is not covered by the consolidated financial statements
             is as follows:



      (a)    Interests in the structured entities sponsored by third parties institutions
             The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third parties through investments in the units
             issued by these structured entities. Such interests include investments in wealth management products, asset
             management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and fund investments, and the Group does
             not consolidate these structured entities. The purpose of the Group holding these structured entities is to obtain
             investment income, capital appreciation or both.
             The following tables set out an analysis of the balance of interests held by the Group in the structured entities
             sponsored by third parties and an analysis of the line items in the consolidated statement of financial positions as at
             31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023:
                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                      Balance
                                                                                    Debt
                                                               Financial     investments           Debt
                                                            investments     at amortised    investments                   Maximum
                                                               at FVTPL              cost     at FVTOCI          Total    exposure
             Asset management schemes                               596           69,168                  –     69,764       69,764
             Trust beneficiary rights                               163           12,942                  –     13,105       13,105
             Asset-backed securities                              1,755            1,818             43,911     47,484       47,484
             Fund investments                                   334,929                –                  –    334,929      334,929
             Wealth management products                             432                –                  –        432          432
             Total                                              337,875           83,928             43,911    465,714      465,714

                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                       Balance
                                                                                     Debt
                                                                Financial     investments               Debt
                                                             investments     at amortised        investments              Maximum
                                                                at FVTPL             cost          at FVTOCI     Total    exposure
             Asset management schemes                                 –           35,275                  –     35,275       35,275
             Trust beneficiary rights                               184           25,020                  –     25,204       25,204
             Asset-backed securities                                320            1,073             17,983     19,376       19,376
             Fund investments                                   227,477                –                  –    227,477      227,477
             Wealth management products                             580                –                  –        580          580
             Total                                              228,561           61,368             17,983    307,912      307,912

             The maximum exposures of investments in funds, trust beneficiary rights, asset management schemes, wealth
             management products and asset-backed securities are the balance of these assets.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  301
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (Continued)
(b)    Interests in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
       The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
       management products, funds and assets management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
       are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
       the issuance of investment products to investors. Interest of the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities is
       limited to fees and commissions charged for management services provided.
       As at 31 December 2024, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       sponsored by the Group was RMB2,470,334 million (31 December 2023: RMB2,548,929 million).
       As at 31 December 2024, the amount of unconsolidated funds sponsored by the Group was RMB1,320,359 million
       (31 December 2023: RMB1,237,828 million).
       As at 31 December 2024, the amount of unconsolidated asset management schemes sponsored by the Group was
       RMB299,261 million (31 December 2023: RMB289,215 million).
       As at 31 December 2024, amounts held under resale agreements transacted between the Group and the
       non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group were RMB18,397 million (31
       December 2023: RMB25,701 million). The above transactions were conducted in accordance with normal business
       terms and conditions.
       As at 31 December 2024, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       held by the Group was RMB2,703 million (31 December 2023: RMB2,149 million).
       As at 31 December 2024, the amount of unconsolidated funds held by the Group was RMB9,022 million (31
       December 2023: RMB14,827 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products was RMB9,088 million (2023: RMB10,394 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated funds was RMB6,288 million (2023: RMB5,041 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated asset management schemes was RMB637 million (2023: RMB653 million).
       The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group after 1 January
       2024 with a maturity date before 31 December 2024 was RMB366,222 million (2023: RMB502,145 million).



65. Comparative figures
       Certain comparative figures in the notes have been re-presented to conform to presentation in current year.
302   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




      (A) Capital adequacy ratio
              The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the NFRA’s Rules on Capital Management
              of Commercial Banks . The bases used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and
              regions.
                                                                                                                                     2024             2023
               Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                14.86%            13.73%
               Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                     17.48%            16.01%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                            19.05%            17.88%
               Components of capital base
               Core tier-1 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                              25,220            25,220
                 Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                            65,548            65,547
                 Surplus reserve                                                                                                 122,614           108,700
                 General reserve                                                                                                 155,404           141,184
                 Retained earnings                                                                                               626,082           563,114
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                       –                 –
                 Other (note (i))                                                                                                 41,524            16,994
               Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                      1,036,392            920,759
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                                      13,344           13,451
               Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                        1,023,048            907,308
               Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                             180,446           150,446
               Net tier-1 capital                                                                                             1,203,494           1,057,754
               Tier-2 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                                    –                 –
                 Surplus provision for impairment                                                                                108,248           122,175
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                       –             1,558
               Total tier-2 capital                                                                                              108,248           123,733
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                              –              –
               Net tier-2 capital                                                                                                108,248           123,733
               Net capital                                                                                                    1,311,742           1,181,487
               Total risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the capital floor
                 requirements)                                                                                                6,885,783           6,608,021

               Notes:

               (i)      Under the NFRA’s Rules on the Capital Management of Commercial Banks , other includes exchange reserve in the unaudited consolidated
                        financial statements, etc.

               (ii)     The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes preference shares, qualifying portion of non-controlling interests, etc.

               In 2024, in accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by former CBIRC in April 2014, the
               Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 14.84%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 17.53%, capital adequacy ratio
               is 19.17%, net capital is RMB1,180,786 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,160,977 million (taking into
               consideration the capital floor requirements).
               In 2024, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio was 12.43%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio was 14.63%,
               capital adequacy ratio was 15.73%, net capital was RMB1,293,801 million and total risk-weighted assets were
               RMB8,227,390 million, using the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and
               the Standardised Approach for operational risk in the calculations.
               In 2024, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio was 12.19%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio was 14.40%,
               capital adequacy ratio was 15.49%, net capital was RMB1,162,413 million and total risk-weighted assets were
               RMB7,503,260 million, using the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and
               the Standardised Approach for operational risk in the calculations.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                         303
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(B) leverage ratio
       In accordance with the NFRA’s Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks , the Group’s leverage ratio is
       shown below. The basis used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
       The difference between regulatory items and accounting items:
                                                                                  31 Dec 2024         30 Sep 2024
       1      Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements      12,152,036          11,654,763
       2      Adjustment for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
                commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting
                purposes but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation            (68,004)             (68,683)
       3      Adjustment for fiduciary assets recognised on the balance sheet
                pursuant to the operative accounting framework but excluded
                from the leverage ratio exposure measure                                    –                    –
       4      Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                          5,042               15,338
       5      Adjustment for securities financing transactions                            366                1,984
       6      Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                2,142,739            2,077,827
       7      Adjustment for securities financing transactions
                (ie repurchase agreements and similar secured lending)                       –                   –
       8      Adjustment for unsettled financial assets                                    (62)               (555)
       9      Adjustments for eligible cash pooling transactions                             –                   –
       10     Adjustments for temporary exemption of central bank reserves
                (if applicable)                                                              –                   –
       11     Adjustments for prudent valuation adjustments and specific and
                general provisions which have reduced Tier 1 capital                        –                    –
       12     Other adjustments                                                       (13,344)             (12,981)
       13     Leverage ratio exposure measure                                      14,218,773          13,667,693
304   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (B) leverage ratio (Continued)
             Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets and other information:
                                                                                              31 Dec 2024           30 Sep 2024
             On-balance sheet exposures
             1     On-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and securities
                     financing transactions (SFTs))                                            12,093,336            11,576,437
             2     Less: Specific and general provisions associated with on-balance
                           sheet exposures deducted in determining Tier 1 capital                 (312,566)             (317,742)
             3     Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1
                         capital                                                                   (13,344)              (12,981)
             4     Adjusted on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives
                     and SFTs)                                                                 11,767,426            11,245,714
             Derivative exposures
             5     Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions
                      (where applicable net of eligible cash variation margin and/or
                      with bilateral netting)                                                        8,254                 5,875
             6     Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated with all
                      derivatives transactions                                                      28,700                28,065
             7     Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from
                      the balance sheet assets                                                            –                      –
             8     Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin
                            provided in derivatives transactions                                          –                      –
             9     Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade
                            exposures                                                                    –                     –
             10    Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                             615                   426
             11    Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit
                            derivatives                                                                  –                     –
             12    Derivative exposures                                                             37,569                34,366
             Securities financing transaction exposures
             13     Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after
                      adjustment for sale accounting transactions                                 270,673                307,802
             14     Less: netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of
                            gross SFT assets                                                            –                      –
             15     Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                  366                  1,984
             16     Agent transaction exposures                                                         –                      –
             17     Total securities financing transaction exposures                              271,039                309,786
             Other off-balance sheet exposures
             18    Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                           9,825,831             9,766,150
             19    Less: adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                (7,667,722)           (7,669,654)
             20    Less: Specific and general provisions associated with off-balance
                           sheet exposures deducted in determining Tier 1 capital                 (15,370)               (18,669)
             21    Off-balance sheet items                                                      2,142,739              2,077,827
             Capital and total exposures
             22     Tier 1 capital                                                              1,203,494             1,130,550
             23     Total exposures                                                            14,218,773            13,667,693
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            305
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(B) leverage ratio (Continued)
      Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets and other information:
      (Continued)
                                                                                   31 Dec 2024           30 Sep 2024
       Leverage ratio
       24    Leverage ratio (including the impact of any applicable
               temporary exemption of central bank reserves)                             8.46%                 8.27%
       24a   Leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any applicable
               temporary exemption of central bank reserves)                             8.46%                8.27%
       25    National minimum leverage ratio requirement                                 4.00%                4.00%
       26    Applicable leverage buffers                                                0.375%               0.375%
       Disclosure of mean values
       27     Mean value of gross SFT assets, after adjustment for sale
                accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                cash payables and cash receivables                                      260,411              187,410
       27a    Quarter-end value of gross SFT assets, after adjustment for sale
                accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                cash payables and cash receivables                                      270,673              307,802
       28     Total exposures (including the impact of any applicable temporary
                exemption of central bank reserves) incorporating mean values
                from row 27 of gross SFT assets (after adjustment for sale
                accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                cash payables and cash receivables)                                  14,208,512           13,547,301
       28a    Total exposures (excluding the impact of any applicable temporary
                exemption of central bank reserves) incorporating mean values
                from row 27 of gross SFT assets (after adjustment for sale
                accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                cash payables and cash receivables)                                  14,208,512           13,547,301
       29     Basel III leverage ratio (including the impact of any
                applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
                incorporating mean values from row 27 of gross SFT assets
                (after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and
                netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash
                receivables)                                                             8.47%                 8.35%
       29a    Basel III leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any
                applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
                incorporating mean values from row 27 of gross SFT assets
                (after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and
                netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash
                receivables)                                                             8.47%                 8.35%
306   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
             The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
             Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
             those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group
             was 173.85% in the fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of 3.21 percentage points from the previous quarter, which
             was mainly caused by the increase of high quality liquid assets. The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group at the end
             of the fourth quarter of 2024 was 195.74%, which met the regulatory requirements in 2024. The breakdown of the
             Group’s average value of each item of liquidity coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2024 is set out below:
                                                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                    Unweighted                     Weighted
                                                                                                                        amount                      amount
             Serial No.                                                                                          (average value)             (average value)
             Stock of high quality liquid assets
             1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                        2,307,594
             Cash outflows
             2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                              4,247,410                     379,242
             3        Stable deposits                                                                                      909,981                      45,499
             4        Less stable deposits                                                                               3,337,429                     333,743
             5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                               4,612,723                   1,627,692
             6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                               2,495,480                     616,205
             7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                            2,095,201                     989,445
             8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                               22,042                      22,042
             9      Secured funding                                                                                                                        288
             10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                   2,366,200                     612,999
             11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other
                        transactions arising from related collateral requirements                                          497,653                     497,653
             12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt instruments funding                                                –                           –
             13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                  1,868,547                     115,346
             14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                          128,539                     128,539
             15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                 3,562,426                     115,207
             16       Total cash outflows                                                                                                            2,863,967
             Cash inflows
             17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and
                      securities borrowing)                                                                                260,656                     259,728
             18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                      1,155,473                     778,029
             19     Other cash inflows                                                                                     497,407                     497,184
             20     Total cash inflows                                                                                   1,913,536                   1,534,941


                                                                                                                                              Adjusted value
             21       Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                      2,307,594
             22       Net cash outflows                                                                                                              1,329,025
             23       Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                    173.85%

             Notes:

             (i)      The domestic data in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the month-end average for
                      the data of subsidiaries.

             (ii)     The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared based on cash and the central bank reserve available under pressure conditions,
                      as well as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by former CBIRC on the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management
                      of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                 307
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio
       The Group prepared and disclosed information on Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
       the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The Group’s Net Stable Funding
       Ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 was 133.15%, representing an increase of 0.46 percentage points
       as compared with the previous quarter, which was maintained basically stable. The breakdown of the Group’s Net
       Stable Fund Ratio in the last two quarters is set out below:
       31 December 2024
                                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                            Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                       6 months to
       Serial No.                                                        No maturity     < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
       Available stable funding (ASF) item
       1       Capital                                                     1,216,831               –             –             –   1,216,831
       2          Regulatory capital                                       1,216,831               –             –             –   1,216,831
       3          Other capital instruments                                        –               –             –             –           –
       4       Retail deposits and deposits from
                  Small business customer                                  2,462,798       2,050,701       37,376          8,611   4,154,091
       5          Stable deposits                                            984,536           8,432          901          1,219     945,394
       6          Less stable deposits                                     1,478,262       2,042,269       36,475          7,392   3,208,697
       7       Wholesale funding                                           2,927,137       2,600,360      144,733        262,747   2,758,834
       8          Operational deposits                                     2,497,248               –            –              –   1,248,624
       9          Other wholesale funding                                    429,889       2,600,360      144,733        262,747   1,510,210
       10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                     –               –            –              –           –
       11      Other liabilities                                               3,418         190,640       69,456        139,502     133,353
       12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                             40,878
       13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                    above categories                                           3,418        190,640         69,456        98,624     133,353
       14      Total ASF                                                                                                           8,263,109
       Required stable funding (RSF) item
       15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                         370,557
       16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                 operational purposes                                        27,321            8,964            41             –      18,320
       17      Performing loans and securities                              218,336        2,814,363     1,546,900     4,013,335   5,315,480
       18        Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                   Level 1 HQLA                                                    –        243,281              –             –     36,492
       19        Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                   by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                   loans to financial institutions                                 –        789,769       152,434         53,863    249,527
       20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                   loans to retail and small business customers, and
                   loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                   which:                                                          –       1,513,043     1,233,033     2,358,043   3,346,208
       21          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                     under the Basel II standardized approach for
                     credit risk                                                   –        130,508         68,862       155,834     200,977
       22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                       –         28,742         29,380     1,352,624   1,176,654
       23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                     under the Basel II standardized approach for
                     credit risk                                                   –               –             –             –           –
       24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities              218,336         239,528       132,053        248,805    506,599
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                    –               –             –              –          –
308   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
             31 December 2024 (continued)
                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                      Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                                 6 months to
             Serial No.                                                           No maturity      < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
             Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
             26      Other assets                                                      43,563         108,206         39,273       111,602    268,738
             27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                      9,419                                                   8,006
             28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts
                         and contributions to default funds of CCPs                                                                  1,141        970
             29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                       43,560      2,683
             30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                         variation margin posted                                                                                     8,558      8,558
             31        All other assets not included in the above categories           34,144         108,206         39,273        66,901    248,521
             32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                     5,905,078    232,598
             33       Total RSF                                                                                                              6,205,693
             34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                           133.15%

             30 September 2024
                                                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                      Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                                 6 months to
             Serial No.                                                            No maturity      < 6 months    12 months    ≥ 12 months
             Available stable funding (ASF) item
             1       Capital                                                        1,143,520                –             –             –   1,143,520
             2          Regulatory capital                                          1,143,520                –             –             –   1,143,520
             3          Other capital instruments                                           –                –             –             –           –
             4       Retail deposits and deposits from
                        Small business customer                                     2,210,414        2,053,242       41,728          7,215   3,927,920
             5          Stable deposits                                               910,082            6,435          666          1,147     872,471
             6          Less stable deposits                                        1,300,332        2,046,807       41,062          6,068   3,055,449
             7       Wholesale funding                                              2,581,151        2,763,001      150,146        252,495   2,664,970
             8          Operational deposits                                        2,477,248                –            –              –   1,238,624
             9          Other wholesale funding                                       103,903        2,763,001      150,146        252,495   1,426,346
             10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                        –                –            –              –           –
             11      Other liabilities                                                  3,182          213,278       76,123        121,441     133,850
             12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                                 25,653
             13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                          above categories                                              3,182         213,278         76,123        95,788     133,850
             14      Total ASF                                                                                                               7,870,260
             Required stable funding (RSF) item
             15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                             366,331
             16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                       operational purposes                                            47,036            8,716            40             –      28,745
             17      Performing loans and securities                                  158,836        2,721,398     1,380,261     3,919,061   5,081,103
             18        Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                         Level 1 HQLA                                                       –         280,989              –             –     42,148
             19        Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                         by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                         loans to financial institutions                                    –         720,790       110,280         37,050    200,491
             20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                         loans to retail and small business customers, and
                         loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                         which:                                                             –        1,496,134     1,116,537     2,342,143   3,263,584
             21          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                           under the Basel II standardized approach for
                           credit risk                                                      –         131,054         74,974       167,864    212,126
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                309
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
       30 September 2024 (continued)
                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                              Unweighted amount                                 amount
                                                                                                           6 months to
       Serial No.                                                         No maturity      < 6 months       12 months      ≥ 12 months
       Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
       22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                         –         27,138           27,191        1,323,353       1,149,969
       23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                      under the Basel II standardized approach for
                      credit risk                                                    –               –                –                –               –
       24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities               158,836          196,347          126,253          216,515         424,911
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                     –                –                –                –               –
       26      Other assets                                                   20,784           92,603           40,641           93,610         225,931
       27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                   6,785                                                              5,767
       28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                   contracts and contributions to default funds of
                   CCPs                                                                                                             809              688
       29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          27,338            1,686
       30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                   variation margin posted                                                                                        5,299           5,299
       31        All other assets not included in the above categories         13,999          92,603           40,641           65,463         212,491
       32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                        5,947,731         229,378
       33       Total RSF                                                                                                                     5,931,488
       34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                   132.69%

       Notes:

       (i)      The Group calculates Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”
                and relevant statistical regulations.

       (ii)     Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time include, but are not limited to, items such as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity
                deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded commodities.

       (iii)    The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
                of variation margin posted”.
310   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                            2024
                                                                          USD            HKD          Other           Total
                                                                            (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               748,358       193,593         74,475      1,016,426
             Spot liabilities                                          694,927       195,071         81,157        971,155
             Forward purchased                                         738,325        31,449         49,354        819,128
             Forward written                                           794,768        13,811         44,774        853,353
             Net option position                                        14,498          (116)           661         15,043
             Net long position                                          11,486        16,044         (1,441)        26,089
             Net structural position                                    14,190        36,476            100         50,766

                                                                                            2023
                                                                          USD             HKD         Other           Total
                                                                             (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               601,745        31,474         47,462        680,681
             Spot liabilities                                          553,972        18,032         90,942        662,946
             Forward purchased                                         417,752         6,195         76,916        500,863
             Forward written                                           476,337         7,311         38,999        522,647
             Net option position                                        12,236           (79)         3,562         15,719
             Net long position                                           1,424        12,247         (2,001)        11,670
             Net structural position                                     8,481        41,314          1,552         51,347

             The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
             Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
             branches substantially involved in foreign exchange.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 311
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(F) International claims
       The Group is principally engaged in business operations within the mainland China, and regards all claims on third
       parties outside the mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the mainland China as
       international claims.
       International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
       holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
       International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
       area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
       into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
       is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
       located in another country.
                                                                                         2024
                                                                    Banks
                                                                and other          Public
                                                                 financial         sector
                                                              institutions        entities          Other            Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in
         the mainland China                                        122,484         12,623         120,710         255,817
       Asia Pacific excluding the mainland China                    78,918         31,004         216,901         326,823
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                         47,984         24,822         190,446         263,252
       Europe                                                       24,834          6,193          21,654          52,681
       North and South America                                      44,952        154,054          24,865         223,871
       Total                                                       271,188        203,874         384,130         859,192

                                                                                         2023
                                                                       Banks
                                                                   and other        Public
                                                                    financial       sector
                                                                 institutions      entities         Other            Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in
         the mainland China                                        105,171          2,079         132,845         240,095
       Asia Pacific excluding the mainland China                    49,161         19,653         199,166         267,980
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                         24,986         17,202         181,581         223,769
       Europe                                                       19,866          1,598          21,029          42,493
       North and South America                                      68,925        119,692          17,584         206,201
       Total                                                       243,123        143,022         370,624         756,769
312   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
             Operation in the mainland China
                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                                  % of gross                   % of gross
                                                                                   loans and                    loans and
                                                                                    advances                     advances
                                                                                  covered by                   covered by
                                                                                collateral or                 collateral or
                                                                        Amount other security    Amount     other security
             Manufacturing                                              652,430           16     557,691                17
             Transportation, storage and postal services                497,123           39     477,016                37
             Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas
               and water                                                333,400           29     259,864                30
             Property development                                       287,798           64     303,707                50
             Wholesale and retail                                       222,593           14     187,737                14
             Leasing and commercial services                            186,736           14     186,463                13
             Telecommunications, software and IT services               124,026           34      95,394                34
             Construction                                               105,294           14     110,577                14
             Finance                                                     89,007           14      88,296                15
             Mining                                                      49,632           15      42,326                14
             Water, environment and public utilities management          36,728           40      42,813                42
             Other                                                       88,901           23      76,400                23
             Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                  2,673,668          28    2,428,284               27
             Discounted bills                                           379,950          100     471,127              100
             Residential mortgage                                      1,404,101         100    1,376,815             100
             Credit cards                                                947,712           –      935,777               –
             Micro-finance loans                                         824,128          78      750,019              78
             Consumer loans                                              396,161           1      301,538               2
             Other                                                         5,388          82        7,806              90
             Subtotal of retail loans and advances                     3,577,490          57    3,371,955               59
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers           6,631,108          48    6,271,366               50
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                             313
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (Continued)
       Operation outside the mainland China
                                                                             2024                                    2023
                                                                               % of gross                                  % of gross
                                                                                loans and                                   loans and
                                                                                 advances                                    advances
                                                                               covered by                                  covered by
                                                                             collateral or                                collateral or
                                                                     Amount other security                Amount        other security
       Finance                                                         51,257                 18           45,368                    11
       Transportation, storage and postal services                     44,972                  8           36,248                    12
       Property development                                            30,753                 29           22,960                    27
       Manufacturing                                                   17,200                 16           19,335                     4
       Telecommunications, software and IT services                    10,991                  3            8,323                    11
       Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas
         and water                                                      9,856                  8           12,359                     –
       Leasing and commercial services                                  7,756                 11            6,207                     4
       Wholesale and retail                                             5,118                 10           10,002                     4
       Construction                                                     2,672                  1              623                     3
       Mining                                                           2,335                  –            4,945                     –
       Water, environment and public utilities management               1,051                  –              419                     –
       Other                                                            6,111                 48            4,782                    41
       Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                       190,072                 16         171,571                     12
       Residential mortgage                                            13,349             100               8,671                  100
       Credit cards                                                       131               –                 133                    –
       Micro-finance loans                                              1,315             100               1,278                  100
       Other                                                           52,340              99              55,846                   95
       Subtotal of retail loans and advances                           67,135                 99           65,928                    96
       Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                257,207                 37         237,499                     35

       When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/category accounts for 10% or above of
       the total amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit
       impairment allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                        – Stage 2
                                                                                                   (Lifetime ECL           – Stage 3
                                       Overdue loans    Impaired loans            – Stage 1         – not credit-     (Lifetime ECL
                                        and advances     and advances        (12-month ECL)            impaired) – credit impaired)
       Residential mortgage                    11,690               6,840            10,512                4,369                 4,582
       Credit card                             36,667              16,560            21,667               20,351                14,985
       Micro-business loan                      8,032               6,538            11,223                3,086                 5,493

                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                        – Stage 2
                                                                                                    (Lifetime ECL              – Stage 3
                                        Overdue loans       Impaired loans        – Stage 1          – not credit-         (Lifetime ECL
                                        and advances         and advances    (12-month ECL)              impaired)    – credit impaired)
       Residential mortgage                     8,165               5,122             7,021                2,739                 4,388
       Credit card                             29,910              16,383            26,666               19,179                15,562
       Micro-business loan                      5,269               4,592             9,130                1,649                 3,793

       As at 31 December 2024, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
       held against impaired loans and advances is RMB5,261 million (31 December 2023: RMB5,222 million).
314   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
      (i)    By geographical segments
                                                                                       2024     2023
             Headquarters                                                             12,621   13,308
             Yangtze River Delta region                                               10,431    7,613
             Bohai Rim region                                                          5,118    4,863
             Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                                   8,647    5,342
             Northeast region                                                          1,280    1,433
             Central region                                                            4,361    5,307
             Western region                                                            3,819    4,538
             Outside the mainland China                                                  352      638
             Subsidiaries                                                              3,018    2,780
             Total                                                                    49,647   45,822



      (ii)   By overdue period
                                                                                       2024     2023
             Gross amount of loans and advances to customers which have been
               overdue with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
               – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                   13,712   11,476
               – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                                  11,489   11,598
               – over 12 months                                                       24,446   22,748
             Total                                                                    49,647   45,822
             As a percentage of total gross amount of loans and
               advances to customers:
               – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                   0.20%    0.17%
               – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                                  0.17%    0.18%
               – over 12 months                                                       0.35%    0.35%
             Total                                                                    0.72%    0.70%
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                315
Annual Report 2024 (H share)



(H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
      (Continued)

(iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                         2024                     2023

       Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                  20,716                    16,472

       Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                28,931                    29,350

       Fair value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                               60,047                    46,212

       The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions for more than 90 days as at 31
       December 2024 was nil (31 December 2023: RMB1 million).


       Note:   The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

               Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

               For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
               classified as overdue.

               Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
               repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
               limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

               The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
               of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
               realisation experience as well as market situation.

               Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to the gross advance had been included in the
               “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.
316   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2024 (H share)



      (I)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                                                                             2024                           2023
                                                                                    % of total                     % of total
                                                                                    loans and                      loans and
                                                                       Amount        advances        Amount         advances
             Renegotiated loans and advances to customers               24,826         0.36%          26,099          0.40%
             Less:
               – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                   overdue more than 90 days                             8,084         0.12%           6,801          0.10%
               – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                   less than 90 days                                    16,742         0.24%          19,298          0.30%

             The Group adopts the measures for Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks (CBIRC PBC Order
             [2023] No.1) for its rescheduled loans and advances to customers. The data at the beginning of the year has been
             adjusted on a consistent for the purpose of ensuring comparability.
             The amount of the Group’s renegotiated loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2024 was
             nil (31 December 2023: nil).



      (J) Non-bank the mainland china exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
             in the mainland China. As of 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
             businesses with the mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
             counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
We are here   Just for you
