H Share Stock Code : 03968
Preference Share Stock Code : 04614




2020 Annual Report
                                      We are here
                                           Just for you
China Merchants Bank          Contents                                                        1
Annual Report 2020



Contents

2     Important Notice
3     Definitions
3     Significant Risk Warning
4     Chairman’s Statement
7     President’s Statement
12    I Company Information
18    II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
22    III Report of the Board of Directors
      22     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
      22     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
      29     3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
      34     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
      40     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio
      43     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
      43     3.7 Other Financial Disclosures Under the Regulatory Requirements
      44     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
      48     3.9 Key Business Concerns In Operation
      61     3.10 Business Operation
      80     3.11 Risk Management
      88     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
      90     3.13 Profit Appropriation
      92     3.14 Environmental, Social and Governance (Esg)
      98     3.15 Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
      98     3.16 Management Contracts
      98     3.17 Permitted Indemnity Provision
100   IV Important Events
108   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
119   VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
136   VII Corporate Governance
156   VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
157   IX Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank       Important Notice
    Annual Report 2020



    Important Notice

    1.    The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
          misleading statements or material omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such
          contents.
    2.    The 22nd meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was held at the China
          Merchants Bank University in Shekou, Shenzhen on 19 March 2021. The meeting was presided by Miao Jianmin,
          Chairman of the Board of Directors. 17 out of 17 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. 7 Supervisors of
          the Company were present at the meeting. The convening of the meeting complied with the relevant provisions of
          the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
          Ltd..
    3.    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors
          of the Company) have separately reviewed the 2020 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC
          Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Accounting Standards, and have separately issued
          standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
    4.    Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this annual report are expressed in RMB.
    5.    Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Tian Huiyu, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wang Liang,
          Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Li Li, the person in charge of the Finance and Accounting
          Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial
          statements in this annual report.
    6.    The profit appropriation plan: it was proposed that 10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2020
          of RMB88.674 billion, equivalent to RMB8.867 billion, will be allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while
          1.5% of the total amount of the risk assets, equivalent to RMB8.247 billion, will be appropriated to the general
          reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares on the record date for implementation of the
          profit appropriation, the Company will declare a cash dividend of RMB1.253 (tax included) for every share to all
          shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and
          in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual profit appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated
          based on the average benchmark rate for RMB to HKD published by the People’s Bank of China for the previous
          week (including the day of the shareholders’ general meeting) before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting.
          The retained profits will be carried forward to the next year. In 2020, the Company did not transfer any capital
          reserve into share capital. The above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2020
          Annual General Meeting of the Company.
    7.    We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
          results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
          “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
          are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
          forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
          prove to be correct. Therefore they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not place
          undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
          forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
          of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
          the actual results.
China Merchants Bank        Definitions / Significant Risk Warning                                                           3
Annual Report 2020



Definitions

The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants Bank:             China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                  China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.
The Group:                                                      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries                       CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
CBIRC:                                                          MUCFC:
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission               Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
CSRC:                                                           CM Securities:
China Securities Regulatory Commission                          China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:                               CMB YunChuang:
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                         CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
                                                                100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
Hong Kong Listing Rules:
                                                                CMB Network Technology:
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK
                                                                China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
CMB Wing Lung Bank:
                                                                Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited                                      indirectly

CMB Wing Lung Group:                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP:

CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
                                                                LLP (Special General Partnership)
CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:
                                                                SFO:
CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
CMB International Capital or CMBIC:
                                                                Laws of Hong Kong)
CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited
                                                                Model Code:
CMB Wealth Management:
                                                                Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
CMB Wealth Management Company Limited                           Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange




Significant Risk Warning

The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
4   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2020



    Chairman’s Statement

    2020 was a truly unprecedented year. With the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the world economy slid into a severe
    recession, which aggravated and complicated the international environment. China has seen steady economic recovery
    thanks to its coordinated efforts dedicated to the prevention and containment of the pandemic as well as the economic and
    social development, as a result of which China became the only major economy in the world to achieve positive economic
    growth, securing a decisive victory in the “Three Critical Battles against Major Risks, Poverty and Pollution”. Taking the
    initiative to adapt to China’s development state, CMB consistently adhered to its strategic position, achieving extraordinary
    results in this exceptionally eventful year.


    CMB maintained a high-quality growth momentum. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to
    RMB97.342 billion in the year, a year-on-year increase of 4.82%. Net operating income amounted to RMB290.279 billion,
    a year-on-year increase of 7.60%. The weighted return on average equity (ROAE) was 15.73%. The non-performing loan
    ratio was 1.07%, declining for the fourth consecutive year. The allowance coverage ratio reached 437.68%, indicating
    a stronger position to withstand risks. The Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the Weighted Approach has been
    showing a rebound for three consecutive years, maintaining an endogenous growth. Monthly active users (MAU) of CMB
    APP and CMB Life APP reached 107 million. Total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers reached RMB8.94
    trillion, an increase of more than RMB1.4 trillion in the year. Deposits from customers reached RMB5.63 trillion and deposit
    structure was further enhanced. The percentage of daily average balance of demand deposits reached 60.00%, up by 2.01
    percentage points year-on-year. The balance of the wealth management products reached RMB2.45 trillion. Total amount of
    asset under custody surpassed RMB16 trillion. Investment in IT for the year was approximately RMB12 billion, a year-on-year
    increase of more than 20%. A series of new progress was made in the creation of ecological scenarios, the construction
    of Fintech infrastructure, and digital capabilities. Meanwhile, the total market value of CMB has also reached a new high,
    and the price-to-book value of A-shares and H-shares continued to be the highest among domestic large and medium-sized
    listed banks. The Company was awarded the ”Best Bank in China” by Euromoney once again and it was awarded the “Bank
    of Year 2020 (China)” by The Banker (UK) again since 2016. All of these reflect a high and unarguable recognition of CMB
    from the public, including the capital market and the media.


    CMB proactively discharges its corporate social responsibilities, fighting against the pandemic and supporting the
    resumption of operation and production. CMB provided assistance to Wuhan without delay by leading the underwriting
    of the first batch of bonds for pandemic prevention and control and special inter-bank certificates of deposits in China,
    opened a “green channel for consideration and approval“ for key companies involved in pandemic prevention and control
    to strengthen credit support, and deferred repayment of principal and interest from customers affected by the pandemic.
    CMB practices inclusive finance. Leveraging its advantages of Fintech, CMB promoted the CMB Zhao Dai APP platform
    and video due diligence to build up a system of online products. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of
    inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans exceeded RMB500 billion, topping other nationwide medium- and small-
    sized banks in terms of inclusive financial loans. CMB determines its victory in poverty alleviation. CMB resolutely
    implemented decisions and arrangements of the Central Committee of CPC and the State Council. For more than 20 years,
    a total of 76 cadres for poverty alleviation have been dispatched to work in Yongren and Wuding counties in Yunnan
    Province to help the two counties get rid of poverty in 2019 and 2020. Although the two counties have been lifted out of
    poverty, we will continue to devote ourselves to providing sustainable supports.


    In September 2020, Mr. Li Jianhong resigned as the Chairman, Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Strategy Committee
    and member of the Nomination Committee of CMB due to change of work arrangement. During his term of office,
    Mr. Li Jianhong followed the principle of stable development and continuously improved market-oriented management
    mechanisms, raised the Bank’s investment in innovative technologies, and led all staff of CMB to achieve great success. On
    behalf of the Board and all employees of CMB, I would like to express gratitude and appreciation to Mr. Li Jianhong for his
    outstanding contribution to CMB during his term of office!


    2021 marks the centennial of the founding of the Communist Party of China and also is the commencement of
    implementation of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. With the evolving pandemic and numerous uncertainties from external
    environment, global economic recovery is bound to follow twists and turns, and the divergence among nations will be
    further intensified. China has stepped into a new stage of development and is practicing new development philosophy and
    forming a new development pattern, showing strong endogenous driving force. We are still determined and confident to
    pursue high-quality development in a highly uncertain environment.
China Merchants Bank   Chairman’s Statement                  5
Annual Report 2020




                                              Miao Jianmin
                                              Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2020


    We will adhere to the market mechanism. The “Three Principles” of the Company will be upheld and remain unchanged,
    i.e. the President assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, the market-oriented incentive
    and restraint mechanism, and the stability and continuity of the cadre team. In particular, we will continue to improve the
    market-oriented incentive and restraint mechanism to achieve an organic integration of incentives and restraints, and an
    organic combination of strict management and sincere care.


    We will adhere to the established strategies. We will maintain our strategic determination and not deviate from the
    masterplan. With the strategic vision of “building the best commercial bank in China with innovation-driven development,
    leading retail banking and distinguished features”, we will continue to implement our strategic direction of “Light-model
    Bank” and the strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”. We are not satisfied with our past success, and will
    develop the capability to seize opportunities in a fleeting moment; we do not wait for the challenges to come, and will
    hone the skills to overcome the challenges under the uncertainties; we do not count on a lucky break, and will forge the
    capability to sail through various cycles under the complicated situation.


    As “one must adhere to simple approaches to solve complex problems in order to pursue a higher objective”, we will
    focus on building up three core capabilities of wealth management, Fintech and risk management, so as to implement our
    strategies.


    – How high we can attain depends on wealth management capabilities. Based on developing our traditional banking
    business, we will strengthen and expand the wealth management business with low risk and light capital consumption. We
    will improve our wealth management capabilities in an all-round way focusing on business model, management system,
    talent team, and incentive and restraint mechanism.


    – How fast we can develop depends on Fintech capabilities. We will be determined and make unremitting efforts to
    achieve our long-term goals, accelerate the integration of Fintech resources, increase investment in Fintech, and strive to
    build industry-leading Fintech capabilities with the characteristics of China Merchants Bank, so as to stand out in the new
    round of market competition.


    – How far we can reach depends on risk management capabilities. We will adhere to a prudent risk appetite and
    culture, improve the allocation capability of major categories of assets, optimise asset structure, and build a strong balance
    sheet. We will accelerate the establishment of risk management systems, processes, and mechanisms for new businesses
    to ensure that risk management capabilities can keep up with the development of new businesses and the risks are under
    control, so as to empower the development of new businesses.


    At the historical starting point of the new journey of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, we will implement the new development
    concept, immerse ourselves into the new development pattern, keep our commitment of “customer-centric” and “we are
    here just for you”, forge core competence, focus on high-quality development to create greater value for all stakeholders
    and continue to write a magnificent chapter in the innovative development of China Merchants Bank!




    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Chairman




    19 March 2021
China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement                                                                                7
Annual Report 2020



President’s Statement

The challenges we faced in 2020 turned out to be more drastic than ever. However, overcoming all obstacles and forging
tirelessly ahead, we achieved steady growth in revenue and profit, and secured stable asset quality. Both total assets
under management (AUM) from retail customers and core deposits increased by more than RMB1 trillion with our market
value topping RMB1 trillion. By virtue of the trust and recognition of our customers and investors, we remained more
determinedly true to our original aspiration of staying together with our customers, more convinced of the direction of
“Light-model Bank” and further adapted to the positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”.


During this year, we took an active part in the fight against the pandemic and poverty by making our modest
contribution to the greatness of our nation. Upon the sudden outbreak of the pandemic, we took instant actions to
make available on the Chinese New Year’s day a dedicated amount of RMB200 million to the people in Wuhan fighting the
coronavirus, offered deferred repayment arrangements and implemented measures of fee reduction and interest concession
in favor of the real economy, demonstrating our commitment and responsibilities as a financial enterprise. Our poverty
alleviation efforts that have been carried on for more than 20 years recorded new milestones: the brand of “Old Tree
Walnuts” (老樹核桃) has achieved initial success, “Yi people’s embroidery” from the remote mountains has been drawing
interests, construction of 70 village clinics sponsored by China Merchants Bank has been completed; and Yongren County
and Wuding County in Yunnan Province have been lifted out of poverty. Nevertheless, we will adhere to our promise of
“keeping providing continuous supports to those lifted out of poverty”. To help the fellow villagers in these two counties
to live a prosperous life in the future is the greatest hope of generations of poverty alleviation cadres as well as our
commitment.


During the year, we held on to our original aspirations and unwaveringly pushed ahead with our strategic
transformation as the world is experiencing accelerated changes unseen in a century. Three years ago, we followed
MAU as our North Star Metric into the vast starry sky of digitalisation. During the “social distancing” period of pandemic,
our mobile APPs took over to handle customer service requests and did impressively well. Thanks to our well prepared
digital service capability together with our caring heart and impressive professionalism, CMB has become the principal
bank for settlement and principal bank for wealth management with rising popularity. We continued to accumulate
and deepened our understanding of the industrial segments. Based on our insights into corporate customer needs, we
pioneered the business philosophy of FPA (aggregate financing products to customers), served the real economy such as
new growth engines and manufacturing industries with the strategy of integrating investment banking and commercial
banking, provided our own digital service capabilities for the digitisation of enterprises, extended our services to every field
of our operation and every aspect of the industrial chain, so as to become the principal bank and first bank to approach
more and more corporate customers.


China’s 13th Five-Year Plan has come to a successful conclusion. Looking back on the journey we have travelled, we were
deeply impressed that the history of CMB is closely tied with the rhythm of the time: it was born in the red soil fertilised by
China’s reform and opening up and grew up in a great era featuring the rapid growth of China’s economy, from which it
has benefited tremendously. Now, standing at the critical period to achieve the “Two Centenary Goals”, we are even more
eager to be part of China’s history of high-quality development, resonating with the pulse of China’s national rejuvenation,
and synchronise ourselves with the people’s pursuit of a better life.


With the inception of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan, the tide is rising as the wind picks up. With the completion of
the construction of a well-off society, the wealth structure of the Chinese people has undergone huge changes under the
strategic pattern of “Dual Circulation”, along with the introduction of the policies such as “Houses are for living in and
not for speculative investment” and the construction of the third pillar for pension insurance, the percentage of financial
assets in ordinary households will meet with a rapid growth. With the profound adjustments to China’s national economic
structure, accelerated pace of direct financing of China’s enterprises, deep-reaching reform in the capital market, and the
full-scale launch of public REITs, the supply on the asset side has entered a new era of stunning prosperity. Banking is
about assets, capital, demand and supply. The vision of transformation and upgrading of the real economy and the Chinese
people’s desire for a better life are now coming for a historic convergence. As a commercial bank acting as a middleman to
match social financing at one end and wealth management needs at the other, we have a bounden duty, and extensive
wealth management has become the main “conduit” to connect the supply and demand sides, serve the real
economy and help people realise their dreams for a better life.
8   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2020


    The current of the era and CMB’s own development meet here. Fortunately, we entered the game at the right time.
    Thanks to the unfailing support of millions of our customers and the strategic transformation for the reform of the financial
    supply side carried on by generations of CMB staff, today’s CMB may be the lucky one who is most probable to realise
    extensive wealth management. Banking is a cycle-sensitive, capital-heavy industry, and it has been our dream to make
    the Bank relatively less cycle-sensitive and less capital-heavy. Compared with this dream, our past achievements seem
    so insignificant, and this is the reason we have been working hard to explore the 3.0 business model in the first place.
    Extensive wealth management is the light that leads us through the fog of the future and is closest to the 3.0 model. It is
    an advanced model for furthering the advancement of our “Light-model Bank” as well as a strategic pillar on which we
    build our differentiated competitive advantages in the era of low interest rates.


    Therefore, in the opening year of the 14th Five-Year Plan, we proudly announced our decision to build a cyclic extensive
    wealth management value chain, aiming to match the capital with financing needs among our clients more effectively with
    a brand new model, a wider vision, more professional services and a broader product offering.


    We are to target the “vast” clientele. Wealth management is no longer reserved for the high-income elite. Therefore,
    we hope to see that wealth management could knock on the door of every ordinary Chinese household with the help of
    our professional services, so that our customers can enjoy the compound interest that grows with time and pursue relative
    certainty in such an uncertain and fluctuating market. Behind every investment made by our clients, there lies their desire
    for a better life. Therefore, we long to escort our clients all life long from wealth management education, family business
    revitalisation to wealth inheritance. For all the advancement brought by the new era, there will be short-term pullbacks
    and bubbles somewhere, with chaos such as the old customers are charged higher prices through the use of big data as
    well as excessive investments popping up all over the place. The more chaotic the market is, the more imperative it is for
    the professional institutions to make a pacifying sound. That is why we are here, to make sure that the “right money” is
    invested in the “right products” at the “right time” while unwaveringly protecting our clients’ right to information and
    privacy. Other than retail customers, we serve the wealth management needs of corporations and governments since
    financial needs from different type of customers can complement one another and promote mutual prosperity.


    We are to build a “comprehensive” platform. The customer-first philosophy and multi-dimensional services make the
    base colour of CMB’s big platform, as meeting customers’ needs has always been our first priority. A single flower does
    not make spring while a hundred flowers in full blossom bring spring to the garden. Since our distribution of peer banks’
    financial products last year, we have been welcoming more outstanding asset management institutions to operate on our
    platform. We embrace all social resources that are conducive to creating value for our customers, so that they can enjoy
    our open and convenient one-stop financial services on this platform. We will vigorously develop the counselled wealth
    management and discretionary entrustment businesses, transform from serving the sellers to serving the buyers, act as a
    product sourcing and asset allocation expert in the whole market, and realise our own value while creating value for our
    customers in the long run.


    We are to promote the “diverse” ecology. The exchange of funds and information between CMB and its customers, as
    well as between its customers themselves, has constituted an open ecology based on financial scenarios. Internally, we are
    to open up the value chain of “wealth management – asset management – investment banking” and establish a pattern
    featuring full-licensed integration of the parent bank, asset management, funds and insurance, realising flywheel effects
    of various scales. Externally, we are to link the capital and assets of the whole society with the balance sheet from the
    perspective of our clients. We are also well aware of the fragility and complexity of the ecology. By laying a solid foundation
    with openness and connection, building up trust with professional services, enhancing loyalty with value creation and
    securing safety with risk management, we will establish a community of interests among CMB, its customers and partners,
    so that all members can nourish each other and grow together.


    The road to the fulfilment of our dream will never be an easy one. All experiences are valuable. As we step ahead taking
    challenges of the time, we still stick to our pivot: technology and culture.
China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement                9
Annual Report 2020




                                               Tian Huiyu
                                               President
10   China Merchants Bank                President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2020


     We believe that “talent + digitisation” will definitely be the future of finance. Technology and human are not there
     to replace each other. On the contrary, technology empowers human while human gives technology life. When chemical
     reaction is triggered between the power of technology and the vitality of human, it will produce the best customer
     experience. From online to offline, we will deliver professional knowledge and digital capability to each relationship
     manager at the frontline of CMB’s service system, so that they can understand our customers better. And from offline to
     online, our professional services will overcome physical constraint and emerge at the scenarios with which our customers
     have been so familiar, so that our services will always be there throughout the whole process wherever they are.


     We believe that culture is the core competence of fundamental importance. Openness and integration will be the
     only approach to resolve organisational rigidity and involution. In the future, we will have more and more flexible teams
     integrated by staff from different departments, being active over department boundaries, which will be increasingly blurred.
     All units work together to serve the customers, and it requires coordination among roles to form a complete chain of
     services. A company which does not know what to do without talking about KPI is hardly an enterprise ready for the future,
     so creating value for our customers will be an eternal goal of us. The more confident an enterprise is, the more open it
     is; the more open it becomes, the stronger it gets. Our self-confidence and expectations are deeply rooted in the culture
     created and inherited by generations of CMB staff, fostered by the creative vitality spurred by our philosophy known as “Let
     our employees be their own masters”, strengthened by the consensus on value known as “openness, integration, equality
     and tolerance”, and guided by the guidelines of “insisting on doing the right thing, regardless of whether it is in the KPI or
     not”.


     In an era of VUCA1, the world situation is becoming more complex and uncertain. We will adhere to a simple customer
     service logic amid such complexity while constantly consolidating our advantages with “talent + digitisation”, embracing
     the uncertainty with openness and integration, and navigating our way along with our customers and partners pursuing
     higher goals and beyond. There is actually no such thing as highlight moment, we have just been chasing the light.
     Our original aspiration has shown us a clear route to the future, and self-advancement will get us there.


     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
     President




     19 March 2021




     1
         The era of “VUCA “represents an era of volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous, which reflects the complex and volatile international environment.
China Merchants Bank   President’s Statement                                          11
Annual Report 2020




                                               Liu Yuan
                                               Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
12   China Merchants Bank       Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2020



     Company Information

     1.1 Company Profile
           1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
                 Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

           1.1.2   Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
                   Authorised Representatives: Tian Huiyu, Liu Jianjun
                   Secretary of the Board of Directors: Liu Jianjun
                   Joint Company Secretaries: Liu Jianjun, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
                   Securities Representative: Huo Jianjun

           1.1.3   Registered and Office Address:
                   7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China

           1.1.4   Mailing Address:
                   7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
                   Postcode: 518040
                   Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
                   Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                   E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
                   Website: www.cmbchina.com
                   Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
                   Credit card complaint hotline: 400 820 5555-7
                   Hotline for consumer rights protection: +86 755 8307 7333

           1.1.5   Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong:
                   31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

           1.1.6   Share Listing:
                   A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                              Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                              Stock Code: 600036
                   H Shares: SEHK
                              Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                              Stock Code: 03968
                   Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                 Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)
                                                 Stock Code: 360028
                   Offshore Preference Shares: SEHK
                                                 Abbreviated Name of Shares: CMB 17USDPREF
                                                 Stock Code: 04614
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                                         13
Annual Report 2020


      1.1.7   Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                 Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Center, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                                 Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Zhu Wei, Zeng Hao
              International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                      Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong

      1.1.8   Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: Jun He Law Offices
              Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills

      1.1.9   Registrar for A Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
              Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
                                                                      Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                                                                      Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
              Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
              Registrar and Transfer Agent for Offshore Preference Shares: The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV,
                                                                                   Luxembourg Branch


      1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
             Mainland China: “China Securities Journal”, “Securities Times”, “Shanghai Securities News”
                              website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Hong Kong:       website of SEHK (www.hkex.com.hk)
                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
             Place for maintenance of annual reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company



1.2 Corporate Business Overview
      Founded in 1987 with its Head Office in Shenzhen, China, the Company is a national commercial bank with
      distinctive features and market influence in China. The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The
      Company’s distribution network primarily covers major cities in mainland China, as well as international financial
      centers such as Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. For details, please refer to the
      sections headed “Distribution Channels” and “Branches and Representative Offices”. The Company was listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2002 and on the SEHK in September 2006.
      The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
      treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services of
      the Company, such as “All-in-one Card”, a multi-function debit card, “All-in-one Net”, a comprehensive online
      banking service platform, credit cards, the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services,
      CMB APP and CMB Life APP, CMB Corporate APP, transaction banking services and offshore business services,
      such as global cash management and trade financing, asset management, asset custody, investment banking and
      other services, have been widely recognised by consumers in China. The Company continues to penetrate into the
      living and business circles of customers, and is committed to providing customers with customised, intelligent and
      comprehensive solutions.
      In 2020, the Company persevered with the strategic transformation of “Light-model Bank”, adhered to the
      positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, revolved around the mainstay of “customers + technologies” with
      “openness and integration” model as the methodology, built an ecosystem surrounding core customer groups, and
      forged the Digital Bank in an all-round way. Intensifying its efforts on organisational cultural reforms, the Company
      explored the 3.0 model of commercial bank development and achieved remarkable results over the past year, which
      further enhanced its market position, brand influence, and core competitiveness. During the “14th Five-Year Plan”
      period, the Company will take the building-up of extensive wealth management system as a strategic fulcrum
      to respond to changes in internal and external situations, making it as the main direction for deepening the
      transformation of “Light-model Bank” and exploring the construction of a 3.0 business model. For details, please
      refer to the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement”and “President’s Statement”.
14   China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2020



     1.3 Development Strategies, Investment Value and Core
         Competitiveness
           Development vision:           Building the “Best Commercial Bank in China” with innovation-driven development,
                                         leading retail banking and distinguished features
           Strategic objectives:         Closely following the direction of transforming into a “Light-model Bank”, accelerating
                                         the paces of our construction of the “Light-model Bank” and promoting the balanced
                                         development of “quality, efficiency and scale”, making constant efforts to achieve
                                         qualitative breakthroughs in our endeavor to build us into a Digital Bank, constantly
                                         intensifying our risk management efforts to find a final solution, vigorously growing
                                         us into a bank that offers the best customer experience, and further enhancing our
                                         internationalised and integrated service capabilities.
           Strategic positioning:        Adhering to our strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, whereas
                                         “One Body” for our retail segment means to take MAU as our “North Star Metric”,
                                         while focusing on both “customers and technologies”, aiming to establish our new
                                         competitive edge in the era of mobile internet, and forging a new digital model for
                                         retail finance 3.0; the “Two Wings” for our wholesale business means to be oriented
                                         towards specialisation, focusing on building a complete wholesale business system,
                                         accelerating the digital transformation, and accomplishing the high-quality development
                                         of the wholesale finance. We should constantly promote the in-depth integration of
                                         “One Body with Two Wings”, building it into a complete system which can realise
                                         organic circulation and mutual promotion, and forming a highly integrated value chain.
           Development Strategies:
           Proactively occupying the strategic dominant position in the future. Firstly, we are to accelerate the
           development of our Fintech strategy, i.e. promoting the qualitative change of the financial technology, empowering
           the digital transformation of our retail finance 3.0 as well as the upgrade of the industrial Internet model. Secondly,
           we are to implement the strategy of best customer experience, i.e. establishing a closed-loop monitoring system and
           indicator system for customer experience, conducting regular evaluations and continuously improving our customers’
           journey. Thirdly, we are to deepen our risk management strategy, i.e. clearly defining the risk appetites, optimising
           our risk processes, and establishing a Fintech-driven risk management tool system. Fourthly, we are to promote
           the synergy efficiently, i.e. creating a coordinated “Wealth Management – Asset Management – Investment Bank”
           business expansion system, establishing a B2B2C customer-linked operation coordination system, and building a data
           sharing collaboration system across and beyond the bank.
           Pushing forward the transformation of the business model. Firstly, we are to create a platform
           capabilities-supported new business model for retail finance 3.0, which is Fintech-armed, big data-driven,
           and MAU-guided, to build a new model of online user acquisition and operation, further promote the digital
           transformation of retail finance 3.0, and build us into an exceptional bank with the best customer experience.
           Secondly, we are to promote the high-quality development of our wholesale finance. On the one hand, we must
           closely follow the direction of the development of our innovative financial services based on the industrial Internet
           and improve our industry-based comprehensive service capabilities and risk management capabilities. On the other
           hand, we are to deepen the construction of our customer segmentation and categorisation, as well as a relationship
           manager management system, and effectively promote the transformation and upgrading of the two major business
           systems, i.e. transaction banking and investment banking, thereby uplifting the efficiency of “Commercial Bank +
           Investment Bank” service synergy. Thirdly, we are to comprehensively improve the level of business coordination,
           management coordination and financial coordination of the Group, and realise the transformation of business
           capabilities towards a comprehensive business model with economic effect of scale and scope. Fourthly, we are
           to strengthen our international service capabilities, realise the transformation of international development from
           external expansion in scale to internal high-quality development, and strive to build us into “a bank with the best
           customer experience in cross-border financial sector”.
           Building a strong strategic supporting system. Firstly, we are to advance our technological transformation towards
           the “Dual-Mode IT”, i.e. adhering to the strategy of introducing the leading technologies, adapting to the trend of
           digitalised, information-based and network-based development, and enhancing our digital innovation capabilities.
           Secondly, we are to build a light-weight HR management system and build a talent team with outstanding service
           strategy, structural optimisation, reasonable echelon and excellent ability. Thirdly, we are to strengthen our asset/
           liability and financial management, continue to improve our professional capabilities and efficiency in asset/liability
           management, and build a comprehensive, intelligent and professional financial management system. Fourthly, we are
           to further the construction of our internal control and compliance system in a quantified, standardised and refined
           way. Fifthly, we are to build a smart operating system to effectively balance the relationship between customer
           experience, operating efficiency, operating costs, and operating risks. Sixthly, we are to enrich and develop CMB
           culture and brand, and continue to increase its differentiated advantages and influences.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter I Company Information                                                                         15
Annual Report 2020


      Investment Value and Core Competitiveness:
      Well-developed and refined strategic management. Adhering to the strategy-driven development, the
      Company’s strategic management has become increasingly well-developed. It has given full play to its comparative
      advantages and management potential amidst the crucial period of technological progress, industrial restructuring
      and deepening of financial market reform. The Company attains proper strategic positioning and vigorously carries
      out structural adjustment for business development, customers, channels and products in an effort to promote the
      dynamic and balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”, thus navigating a differentiated development
      path with outstanding performance.
      Accelerating innovation and changes in corporate culture. With the “Shekou gene” inherited from the reform
      and opening up, the Company formulated a business philosophy of “we are here just for you”, held onto its core
      values of “service, innovation and prudence”, adhered to the distinct corporate culture that strived for excellence
      and accelerated innovation and changes in the course of its business development. In recent years, under the
      backdrop of management upgrading, the “Simple Work Style” has been proposed, and a light-operation culture of
      “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness” has gradually formed.

      Fully empowered Fintech. The Company endeavoured to build itself into a “Digital Bank”, and used Fintech as
      the locomotive to provide “nuclear power” for its transformation and development, so as to fully empower its
      business development. Through benchmarking with Fintech companies, the Company will build up the overall
      infrastructure for the Company’s financial science and technology, establish an ecological system for the business of
      the Company with an open mindset and a long-term perspective, and transform the business management model
      with the concepts and methods of Fintech so as to strengthen the capability of science and technology, promote the
      integration of technology with business and promote business agility based on agile technology.
      Well-structured layout of business plans. Leveraging on its own endowment of resources, the Company
      established a clear strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” through its focus on business and
      customers, built a professional system of “Wealth Management – Asset Management – Investment Bank”, thereby
      creating a large number of industry-leading and distinctive businesses and forming the layout of business plans with
      a coherent structure and stronger capability to withstand cyclical risks.
      Advantageous retail finance. The retail business of the Company set an early lead in the industry and formed
      an endogenous development system in terms of customer base, channels, products and brands. At the same time,
      through vigorous promotion of inclusive and intensive growth and enhancement of refined management, key
      indicators including the proportion of net operating income and profit contribution from retail finance are among
      the best in the industry. The Company enjoys a leading advantage in its retail finance.
      Distinctive wholesale finance. The Company actively builds a market-leading wholesale finance business with
      distinctive features and leverages on its professional advantages to provide its clients with customised and integrated
      financial services. New growth engines such as investment banking, transaction banking, asset custody, asset
      management, bills and financial markets have been growing continuously and professional service capabilities have
      been recognised by the market and customers.
      Scientific and efficient management system. Based on the principle of serving customers and boosting business
      development, the Company successfully established the comprehensive, modern and scientific risk management
      system, capital management system, operational management system, information management system,
      performance appraisal system and human resource management system, acquiring relevant capabilities, and thus
      guarantee the steady development of business operation in the long run.
      Continuous improvement of the organisational system. In accordance with the direction of “professionalism,
      delayering and intensification”, the Company creates an efficient light management structure, establishes an end-to
      end customer service process and builds organisational models with distinctive features, such as setting up business
      divisions in the branch level. The professionalisation level and the efficiency of operation and management have
      been improving and the speed to respond to customer needs and market changes has been picking up.
      Industry-leading quality service. The Company developed a unique service model ever since it was founded.
      Through its long-term practice, it has established its service concept of “we are here just for you”. We attach
      importance to the customer service experience, proactively promote service upgrading, and always keep its service
      quality ahead. “Good service” has been the brand for the Company to attract customers and expand market.
      Excellent professional personnel. The Company has cultivated and created a high-quality talent team through a
      people-oriented culture and a market-based talent incentive mechanism. Our senior management team has extensive
      experience and is well settled down. The overall quality of our staff and their professional skills are industry leading.
      We took a proactive stance on the competition in Fintech by expanding our introduction and cultivation of Fintech
      talents.
16   China Merchants Bank       Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2020


     1.4 Honors and Awards
           In 2020, the Company received a number of honors and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
           including:
           •      On the list of “2020 Top 500 World Banks” released by The Banker (UK) in February 2020, the Company
                  ranked 9th with a brand value of USD22.884 billion.
           •      In March 2020, the Company won the “Best Credit Card Bank” and “Best Technology Innovation Award” at
                  the ceremony for the “2020 China Retail Bank Awards” held by Asiamoney.
           •      In July 2020, the Company ranked 17th, in terms of tier 1 capital, on the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks
                  2020” released by The Banker (UK), up by 2 places from the previous year and maintained in top 20 for
                  three consecutive years.
           •      In July 2020, the Company was awarded the “Best Corporate Mobile Service Transaction Bank” and the
                  “Best Technology Innovation Transaction Bank” at the ceremony for the “2020 China Bank of Excellent
                  Transaction” held by Asiamoney.
           •      In July 2020, the Company received the award of “Best Bank in China” at the “2020 Awards for Excellence”
                  ceremony staged by Euromoney once again.
           •      In July 2020, the list of Fortune China 500 was announced, on which the Company ranked the 38th in terms
                  of operating income. Following the month in the year, the list of Fortune Global 500 was released, on which
                  the Company appeared for 9 consecutive years, ranking the 189th in terms of operating income.
           •      In August 2020, in the “2020 International Excellence in Retail Financial Services Awards Program” organised
                  by The Asian Banker, the Company was honored as the “Best Retail Bank in Asia-Pacific Region” and “The
                  Best Wealth Management Bank in the Asia-Pacific Region”, and won the title of “Best Retail Bank in China”
                  for the 11th time and the “Best Joint Stock Retail Bank in China” for the 16th time.
           •      In September 2020, in the “Excellent Listed Company by Ballot” organised by Asiamoney, the Company was
                  honored as the “Best Listed Company in the Financial Industry in China”. In the same month, the Company
                  won the “Best Corporate Finance and Investment Bank in China” and the “Best Financial Advisory Bank”
                  awards in the selection of the “2020 Best Corporate Finance and Investment Bank in China” hosted by
                  Asiamoney.
           •      In September 2020, Global Finance (a renowned magazine based in US) released the 13th “Star of China”
                  award list, on which the Company was awarded the “Best Corporate Social Responsibility Bank”.
           •      In November 2020, in the “15th 21st Century Asian Financial Competitiveness Rankings” hosted by 21st
                  Century Business Herald, the Company won the title of “2020 Asian Excellent Commercial Bank” and “2020
                  Bank of Brand-building Excellence “.
           •      In November 2020, The Banker (UK) and PWM announced the results of the selection of “2020 Global
                  Private Bank “, the Company was awarded the “Best Private Bank in China”.
           •      In November 2020, the Company won several exceptional awards, i.e. the “National Employer with
                  Outstanding Achievements “, “Top Three Best Employers”, “Most Socially Responsible Employer”, “Employer
                  with Most Inspiring Anti-pandemic Spirit” and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony
                  for the “Best Employer in China 2020” jointly organised by Zhaopin.com and Institute of Social Science
                  Survey, Peking University.
           •      In December 2020, the selection results were announced by The Banker (UK) at the “2020 Bank of the Year”
                  global online awards ceremony, for which the Company was honored as the “Best Chinese Bank in 2020”
                  and won the title again since 2016.
17   China Merchants Bank   Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2020




     Professionalism
     Summary of Accounting Data for care
     and Financial Indicators
     Setting up a special channel for wage and subsidies
     to directly convey our warmth and solicitude to the
     front-line medical staff




     CMB Wuhan Branch initiated a green channel for wages and
     special subsidies and completed the payment
     in the shortest time, allowing the “White Warriors”
     to receive the State’s solicitude as soon as possible.
18   China Merchants Bank               Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2020



     Summary of Accounting Data
     and Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                                                           Changes
           (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                                    2020                    2019                   +/-%
           Operating Results
           Net operating income(1)                                                                         290,279                 269,788                      7.60
           Profit before tax                                                                               122,440                 117,132                      4.53
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                              97,342                  92,867                      4.82
           Per Share (RMB)
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank(2)                                                                                     3.79                    3.62                    4.70
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank                                                                                        3.79                    3.62                    4.70



                                                                                                   31 December              31 December                    Changes
           (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                               2020                     2019                       +/-%
           Volume Indicators
           Total assets                                                                                 8,361,448               7,417,240                      12.73
             of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                                         5,029,128               4,490,650                      11.99
           Total liabilities                                                                            7,631,094               6,799,533                      12.23
             of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                                 5,628,336               4,844,422                      16.18
           Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                          723,750                 611,301                      18.40
           Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank (RMB)                                                                   25.36                   22.89                    10.79

           Notes:

           (1)      Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of
                    associates and joint ventures.

           (2)      The Company issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and issued perpetual bonds in July 2020, all of which were classified as other
                    equity instruments. In addition, the Company paid dividends on the preference shares in 2020. Therefore, when calculating basic earnings
                    per share, return on average equity and net assets per share, dividends on the preference shares were deducted from “net profit attributable
                    to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares and perpetual bonds were deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net
                    assets”.

           (3)      In accordance with the “Notice on the Revision and Issuance of the Format of the Financial Statements of the Financial Enterprise for 2018”
                    (
                    《關於修訂印發2018年度金融企業財務報表格式的通知》                              ) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the interest on financial instruments accrued
                    based on the effective interest rate method shall be included in the balance of the relevant financial instruments, and shall be reflected in the
                    relevant items of the financial reports, and the “interest receivable” or “interest payable” item shall no longer be listed separately. The balance
                    of “interest receivable” or “interest payable” listed in the “other assets” or “other liabilities” item is only the interest receivable or payable
                    where the relevant financial instruments have expired but the interest has not yet been received or paid at the balance sheet date. Since the
                    2018 annual report, the Group has adjusted the financial statements and its accompanying notes in accordance with the above requirements.
                    Unless otherwise stated, the balances of the relevant items herein and set out below do not include the above interest on financial instruments
                    accrued based on the effective interest method.
China Merchants Bank                Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                 19
Annual Report 2020



2.2 Financial Ratios
      (%)                                                                                                2020                     2019                  Changes
      Profitability indicators
      Return on average assets attributable to shareholders                                              1.23                      1.31       Decreased by 0.08
        of the Bank                                                                                                                            percentage point
      Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                                 15.73                    16.84        Decreased by 1.11
        shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                              percentage points
      Net interest spread(1)                                                                             2.40                      2.48       Decreased by 0.08
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Net interest margin(2)                                                                             2.49                      2.59       Decreased by 0.10
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      As percentage of net operating income
        – Net interest income                                                                           63.74                    64.16        Decreased by 0.42
                                                                                                                                                percentage point
            – Net non-interest income                                                                   36.26                    35.84         Increased by 0.42
                                                                                                                                                percentage point
      Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                           33.33                    32.08         Increased by 1.25
                                                                                                                                              percentage points
      Credit cost ratio(4)                                                                               0.98                      1.29       Decreased by 0.31
                                                                                                                                                percentage point



                                                                                            31 December                31 December                  Changes over
      (%)                                                                                          2020                       2019                 2019 year-end
      Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach(5)
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                12.29                    11.95        Increased by 0.34
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                     13.98                    12.69        Increased by 1.29
                                                                                                                                              percentage points
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                                            16.54                    15.54        Increased by 1.00
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Equity to total assets                                                                             8.73                      8.33       Increased by 0.40
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Asset quality indicators
      Non-performing loan ratio                                                                          1.07                      1.16       Decreased by 0.09
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
      Allowance coverage ratio(6)                                                                     437.68                   426.78        Increased by 10.90
                                                                                                                                              percentage points
      Allowance ratio of loans(7)                                                                        4.67                      4.97       Decreased by 0.30
                                                                                                                                               percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)       Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

      (2)       Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

      (3)       Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for
                insurance claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties.

      (4)       Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers × 100%,
                the average of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans
                and advances to customers at the end of the period)/2.

      (5)       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio
                under the Weighted Approach were 10.68%, 12.16% and 13.79% respectively.

      (6)       Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

      (7)       Allowance ratio of loans = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.
20   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2020



     2.3 Five-year Financial Summary
           (in millions of RMB)                                2020          2019          2018        2017        2016
           Results for the year
           Net operating income                             290,279       269,788       248,444     221,037     210,270
           Operating expenses                               102,814        91,497        81,110      70,431      65,148
           Impairment losses                                 65,025        61,159        60,837      59,926      66,159
           Profit before tax                                122,440       117,132       106,497      90,680      78,963
           Net profit attributable to shareholders
             of the Bank                                     97,342        92,867        80,560      70,150      62,081
           (RMB)
           Per Share
           Dividend (tax inclusive)                            1.253          1.20          0.94        0.84        0.74
           Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                           3.79          3.62          3.13        2.78        2.46
           Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                           3.79          3.62          3.13        2.78        2.46
           Year-end net assets attributable to ordinary
             shareholders of the Bank                          25.36        22.89         20.07       17.69       15.95
           (in millions of RMB)
           Year end
           Share capital                                     25,220        25,220        25,220       25,220      25,220
           Total shareholders’ equity                       730,354       617,707       543,605      483,392     403,362
           Total liabilities                              7,631,094     6,799,533     6,202,124    5,814,246   5,538,949
           Deposits from customers                        5,628,336     4,844,422     4,400,674    4,064,345   3,802,049
           Total assets                                   8,361,448     7,417,240     6,745,729    6,297,638   5,942,311
           Total loans and advances to customers          5,029,128     4,490,650     3,933,034    3,565,044   3,261,681
           (%)
           Key Financial Ratios
           Return on average assets attributable to
             shareholders of the Bank                           1.23          1.31          1.24        1.15        1.09
           Return on average equity attributable to
             ordinary shareholders of the Bank                 15.73        16.84         16.57       16.54       16.27
           Cost-to-income ratio                                33.33        32.08         31.04       30.21       27.60
           Non-performing loan ratio                            1.07         1.16          1.36        1.61        1.87
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
             Advanced Measurement Approach                     12.29        11.95         11.78       12.06       11.54
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
             Advanced Measurement Approach                     13.98        12.69         12.62       13.02       11.54
           Capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach                              16.54        15.54         15.68       15.48       13.33
21   China Merchants Bank   Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020




     Offering protection
     Report of the Board of Directors

     with sincerity
     Proactively providing preferential loans to facilitate
     companies to fight against the pandemic




     On 3 February 2020, CMB established a special credit facility of
     RMB10 billion to specifically support key enterprises involved
     in pandemic prevention and control in China, sparing no effort
     to achieve victory in pandemic prevention and control.
22   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     Report of the Board of Directors

     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
           In 2020, although facing a series of challenges including the unexpected outbreak of the pandemic, the intensive
           launch of regulatory policies, the complex and ever-changing domestic and international situation and the drastic
           volatility in financial market, the Group stuck to its strategic direction of “Light-model Bank” and strategic
           positioning of “One Body with Two Wings” in carrying out its various operations steadily and healthily. As a
           result, the Group witnessed a steady growth in net operating income, a steady growth in profit, a strong growth
           momentum in the scale of assets and liabilities and a tested asset quality.
           In 2020, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB290.279 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 7.60%, and realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB97.342 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 4.82%; a net interest income of RMB185.031 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 6.90%; a net non-interest income of RMB105.248 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.84%; a return
           on average asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of the Bank and a return on average equity (ROAE) attributable
           to ordinary shareholders of the Bank of 1.23% and 15.73%, down by 0.08 percentage point and 1.11 percentage
           points year-on-year, respectively.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB8,361.448 billion, representing
           an increase of 12.73% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
           amounted to RMB5,029.128 billion, representing an increase of 11.99% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB7,631.094 billion, representing an increase of 12.23% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB5,628.336 billion, representing an
           increase of 16.18% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a gross non-performing loans of RMB53.615 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB1.340 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
           loan ratio was 1.07%, down by 0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           allowance coverage ratio was 437.68%, representing an increase of 10.90 percentage points as compared with the
           end of the previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.67%, representing a decrease of 0.30 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
     3.2.1 Financial highlights
           In 2020, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB122.440 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           4.53%. The effective income tax rate was 19.99%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.25 percentage point.
           The following table sets out the changes in major income/loss items of the Group in 2020.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                      2020              2019          Changes
           Net interest income                                                    185,031          173,090             11,941
           Net fee and commission income                                           79,486           71,493              7,993
           Other net income                                                        22,881           23,482               (601)
           Operating expenses                                                    (102,814)         (91,497)           (11,317)
           Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                        2,881            1,723              1,158
           Expected credit losses                                                 (64,871)         (61,066)            (3,805)
           Impairment losses on other assets                                         (154)             (93)               (61)
           Profit before tax                                                      122,440          117,132              5,308
           Income tax                                                             (24,481)         (23,709)              (772)
           Net profit                                                              97,959           93,423              4,536
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                     97,342           92,867              4,475
China Merchants Bank                Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       23
Annual Report 2020


3.2.2 Net operating income
      In 2020, the net operating income of the Group was RMB290.279 billion, representing an increase of 7.60% as
      compared with the previous year. The net interest income accounted for 63.74% of the net operating income, and
      the net non-interest income accounted for 36.26% of the operating income, representing a year-on-year increase of
      0.42 percentage point.
      The following table sets out the percentages of the components of the net operating income of the Group in the
      recent three years.
      (%)                                                                               2020                 2019             2018
      Net interest income                                                               63.74                64.16           64.56
      Net fee and commission income                                                     27.38                26.50           26.76
      Other net income                                                                   7.89                 8.70            8.16
      Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                  0.99                 0.64            0.52
      Total                                                                           100.00                100.00          100.00



3.2.3 Interest income
      In 2020, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB307.425 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      4.93%, mainly due to the increase in interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      continued to be the biggest component of the interest income of the Group.
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      In 2020, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was RMB236.104 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 6.36%.
      The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
      average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                        2020                                    2019
                                                          Average      Interest     Average      Average        Interest    Average
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)        balance       income     yield (%)     balance        income     yield (%)
      Corporate loans                                    2,024,891      80,575         3.98     1,818,831       78,914         4.34
      Retail loans                                       2,506,828     147,704         5.89     2,220,299      134,763         6.07
      Discounted bills                                     291,660       7,825         2.68       250,635        8,302         3.31
      Loans and advances to customers                    4,823,379     236,104         4.89     4,289,765      221,979         5.17

      In 2020, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of the Company, the
      average balance of short-term loans was RMB1,769.447 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB99.564
      billion, and the average yield reached 5.63%; the average balance of medium-to-long term loans was RMB2,725.642
      billion with the interest income amounting to RMB125.050 billion, and the average yield reached 4.59%. The
      average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium-to-long term loans, which was mainly attributable
      to the higher yield of credit card loans and micro-finance loans in short-term loans.
      Interest income from investments
      In 2020, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB51.843 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 6.01%. The average yield of investments was 3.42%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 24 basis
      points, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the falling market interest rates.
      Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      In 2020, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      was RMB12.003 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.38%, and the average yield of balances and
      placements with banks and other financial institutions was 1.95%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 56 basis
      points, which was primarily attributable to the falling market interest rates.
24   China Merchants Bank                Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.2.4 Interest expense
           In 2020, the interest expense of the Group was RMB122.394 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.08%,
           which was primarily attributable to the growth of interest-bearing liabilities.
           Interest expense on deposits from customers
           In 2020, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB83.252 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 13.38%. Under the circumstance where the deposits from customers grew rapidly,
           the Group optimised its structure of deposits from customers and imposed effective control on pricing, which
           contributed to a decrease in the cost ratio of deposit as compared with the previous year.
           The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expenses and average cost ratios of the deposits from
           corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                             2020                                2019
                                                                                         Average                             Average
                                                               Average      Interest    cost ratio    Average    Interest   cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)        balance      expense           (%)     balance    expense          (%)
           Deposits from corporate customers
             Demand                                           1,964,687      17,052          0.87    1,607,847    13,245         0.82
             Time                                             1,496,594      42,746          2.86    1,363,971    38,900         2.85
             Subtotal                                         3,461,281      59,798          1.73    2,971,818    52,145         1.75
           Deposits from retail customers
             Demand                                           1,261,244       4,377          0.35    1,081,045     3,973         0.37
             Time                                               654,057      19,077          2.92      584,104    17,312         2.96
             Subtotal                                         1,915,301      23,454          1.22    1,665,149    21,285         1.28
           Total                                              5,376,582      83,252          1.55    4,636,967    73,430         1.58

           Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
           In 2020, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions of the Group
           amounted to RMB15.481 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.86%, which was primarily due to the
           decrease in interest rate of funds from financial institutions.
           Interest expense on debt securities issued
           In 2020, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB14.652 billion, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 16.90%, which was mainly due to, firstly, the impact of the falling market interest rate;
           and secondly, the decrease in the size of debt securities issued attributable to the Group’s continuous optimisation
           on the structure of liabilities.



     3.2.5 Net interest income
           In 2020, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB185.031 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           6.90%.
           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
           assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                             2020                                2019
                                                               Average      Interest     Average      Average    Interest    Average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)        balance       income     yield (%)     balance    income     yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                    4,823,379     236,104          4.89    4,289,765   221,979         5.17
           Investments                                        1,513,824      51,843          3.42    1,335,247    48,902         3.66
           Balances with the central bank                       490,092       7,475          1.53      493,722     7,759         1.57
           Balances and placements with banks
             and other financial institutions                  615,316       12,003          1.95     570,995     14,354         2.51
           Total                                              7,442,611     307,425          4.13    6,689,729   292,994         4.38
China Merchants Bank                Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                           25
Annual Report 2020


                                                                                     Average                                   Average
                                                          Average      Interest     cost ratio      Average        Interest   cost ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)        balance      expense            (%)       balance        expense          (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                            5,376,582      83,252           1.55      4,636,967        73,430         1.58
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions                  941,182       15,481           1.64       843,293         19,079         2.26
      Debt securities issued                              453,885       14,652           3.23       504,241         17,631         3.50
      Borrowings from the central bank                    282,976        8,413           2.97       300,662          9,207         3.06
      Lease liabilities                                    14,582          596           4.09        13,605            557         4.09
      Total                                              7,069,207     122,394           1.73      6,298,768       119,904         1.90
      Net interest income                                         /    185,031               /             /       173,090            /
      Net interest spread                                         /          /           2.40              /             /         2.48
      Net interest margin                                         /          /           2.49              /             /         2.59

      In 2020, the average yield of our interest-earning assets was 4.13%, representing a year-on-year decrease of
      25 basis points; the average cost ratio of our interest-bearing liabilities was 1.73%, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of 17 basis points; the net interest spread and the net interest margin were 2.40% and 2.49%,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 8 and 10 basis points, respectively.
      The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes
      in volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volume were measured by changes
      in average balances, while changes in interest rate were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
      changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in both volume and interest rates have been
      included in the amount of changes in interest income and interest expenses due to changes in volume.
                                                                                             2020 compared to 2019
                                                                                   Increase (decrease) due to             Net increase
      (in millions of RMB)                                                             Volume      Interest rate            (decrease)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                                                   26,120             (11,995)             14,125
      Investments                                                                        6,116              (3,175)              2,941
      Balances with the central bank                                                       (55)               (229)               (284)
      Balances and placements with banks and
        other financial institutions                                                       865                 (3,216)          (2,351)
      Changes in interest income                                                        33,046             (18,615)             14,431

      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                                                           11,452                 (1,630)           9,822
      Deposits and placements from banks and
        other financial institutions                                                      1,610                (5,208)          (3,598)
      Debt securities issued                                                             (1,626)               (1,353)          (2,979)
      Borrowings from the central bank                                                     (526)                 (268)            (794)
      Lease liabilities                                                                      40                    (1)              39
      Changes in interest expense                                                       10,950                 (8,460)           2,490

      Changes in net interest income                                                    22,096             (10,155)             11,941
26   China Merchants Bank                  Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expenses and annualised average yields/
           cost ratios of assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                                    October to December 2020                 July to September 2020
                                                                                          Annualised                            Annualised
                                                                 Average       Interest     average      Average     Interest     average
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance        income     yield (%)     balance      income     yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                      4,962,288       58,507          4.69    4,905,038     59,221          4.80
           Investments                                          1,632,347       13,440          3.28    1,566,338     13,395          3.40
           Balances with the central bank                         502,181        1,891          1.50      481,111      1,840          1.52
           Balances and placements with banks and
             other financial institutions                         587,365        2,836          1.92     534,047       2,610          1.94
           Total                                                7,684,181       76,674          3.97    7,486,534     77,066          4.10

                                                                                       Annualised                             Annualised
                                                                                         average                                average
                                                                 Average      Interest  cost ratio       Average     Interest  cost ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)          balance      expense         (%)        balance     expense         (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                              5,577,767       20,944          1.49    5,433,452     20,392          1.49
           Deposits and placements from banks and
             other financial institutions                         997,144        4,172          1.66     987,908       3,880          1.56
           Debt securities issued                                 374,261        2,952          3.14     392,734       3,130          3.17
           Borrowings from the central bank                       274,157        1,962          2.85     252,407       1,868          2.94
           Lease liabilities                                       15,547          148          3.79      11,746         134          4.54
           Total                                                7,238,876       30,178          1.66    7,078,247     29,404          1.65
           Net interest income                                           /      46,496              /           /     47,662              /
           Net interest spread                                           /           /          2.31            /          /          2.45
           Net interest margin                                           /           /          2.41            /          /          2.53

           In the fourth quarter of 2020, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.41%, down by 12 basis points as
           compared with the third quarter of 2020, and its net interest spread was 2.31%, down by 14 basis points as
           compared with the third quarter of 2020, mainly because firstly, in order to meet the business needs of customers,
           the Group increased its volume of existing house mortgage asset-backed securitisation business in the fourth
           quarter, as a result of which the interest income for the period was negatively impacted to a certain extent; and
           secondly, the Group strengthened its credit card risk management by taking initiatives to optimise the structure of
           credit card assets and increasing the proportion of low-to-medium risk high-quality assets, as a result of which the
           pricing level of assets moderately fell.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                   27
Annual Report 2020


3.2.6 Net non-interest income
      In 2020, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB105.248 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
      of 8.84%. The components are as follows:
      Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB79.486 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.18%.
      Among the fee and commission income, commissions from trust and other fiduciary activities amounted to
      RMB26.742 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.51%, which was mainly due to the steady upward
      trend in the scale of wealth management products, the increase in custodian scale as well as the continuous
      optimisation of the structure of custody products. Income from bank card fees amounted to RMB19.551 billion,
      being flat year-on-year mainly due to the impact of pandemic and the growth in the income from debit and credit
      card transaction fee was restricted. Income from agency services fees amounted to RMB18.507 billion, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 35.28%, which was primarily attributable to the rapid growth in income from agency
      distribution of funds as a result of active capital market. Income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to
      RMB12.651 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.09%, which was primarily attributable to the increase
      in the income of e-payment. The commissions from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB6.191
      billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.89%, which was primarily attributable to the decrease in the fee
      income of financial leasing business of CMB Financial Leasing.
      Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB25.762 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.21%,
      of which, net loss from fair value change amounted to RMB1.660 billion, mainly due to the decrease of valuation
      of funds resulting from the increase of dividend of investments in non-monetary funds. Net investment income
      amounted to RMB16.281 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.90%, mainly due to the increase in
      dividend of investments in non-monetary funds. Net profit from exchange gain amounted to RMB2.202 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 32.43%, mainly due to the increase in exchange loss arising from the
      foreign currency-denominated monetary items held by the Group as a result of the appreciation of RMB in 2020.
      Other income amounted to RMB6.058 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.61%, mainly due to the
      increase in the income from operating leases of CMB Financial Leasing.
      In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB52.945 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 10.41% and accounting for 50.30% of the Group’s net non-interest income;
      the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB39.740 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 10.23% and accounting for 37.76% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net non-interest
      income from other businesses amounted to RMB12.563 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.04% and
      accounting for 11.94% of the Group’s net non-interest income.
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                    2020                 2019
      Fee and commission income                                                             86,684                79,047
        Bank card fees                                                                      19,551                19,551
        Settlement and clearing fees                                                        12,651                11,492
        Agency service fees                                                                 18,507                13,681
        Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                 6,191                 6,310
        Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                       26,742                23,560
        Others                                                                               3,042                 4,453
      Fee and commission expense                                                            (7,198)               (7,554)
      Net fee and commission income                                                         79,486                71,493
      Other net non-interest income                                                         25,762                25,205
        Other net income                                                                    22,881                23,482
          Net (loss)/profit from fair value change                                          (1,660)                  384
          Net investment income                                                             16,281                14,048
          Exchange gain                                                                      2,202                 3,259
          Other income                                                                       6,058                 5,791
        Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                    2,881                 1,723
      Total net non-interest income                                                        105,248                96,698
28   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.2.7 Operating expenses
           In 2020, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB102.814 billion, representing an increase of 12.37%
           as compared with the previous year, among which staff costs increased by 10.89% and other general and
           administrative expenses increased by 15.68% as compared with the previous year. The cost-to-income ratio was
           33.33%, representing an increase of 1.25 percentage points as compared with the previous year. The increase in
           operating expenses was primarily attributable to: firstly, the Group continuously reinforced its technology-based
           capability, and increased its investment in digital infrastructure and R&D talents to accelerate the transformation
           of Fintech; secondly, the Group fostered its ability to acquire customers by digital means and carry out digital
           operations across all business lines, increased its investment in customer operation, value enhancement and other
           related business areas, so as to facilitate the realisation of transformation goal of business model 3.0; thirdly, the
           Group increased investment in the upgrade of the hardware and software of its digital outlets in order to improve
           the outlets’ brand image and service level. The Company’s cost-to-income ratio was 33.82%, up by 1.29 percentage
           points as compared with the previous year.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2020                    2019
           Staff costs                                                                                 57,040                  51,439
           Depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                                              13,611                  12,059
           Other general and administrative expenses                                                   29,389                  25,406
           Allowances for insurance claims                                                                296                     245
           Taxes and surcharges                                                                         2,478                   2,348
           Total operating expenses                                                                   102,814                  91,497


     3.2.8 Expected credit losses
           In 2020, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB64.871 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.23%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2020                    2019
           Loans and advances to customers                                                             46,882                  54,214
           Financial investments                                                                       15,367                   6,481
           Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                        307                    (208)
           Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
              loan commitments                                                                           2,147                    545
           Other assets                                                                                    168                     34
           Total expected credit losses                                                                64,871                  61,066

           Expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers were the largest component of expected credit losses. In
           2020, expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers of the Group were RMB46.882 billion, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 13.52%; expected credit losses of financial investments were RMB15.367 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 137.11%, which was mainly due to the accrued provision for impairment
           loss arising from back-to-balance sheet arrangement of wealth management assets according to their risk profiles
           based on expected credit loss model. For details of the allowances for impairment losses on loans, please refer
           to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter, for details of the back-to-balance sheet arrangement of wealth
           management assets, please refer to “The formation and disposal of non-performing assets” in 3.9 in this chapter.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                 29
Annual Report 2020



3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
3.3.1 Assets
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB8,361.448 billion, up by
      12.73% from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to
      customers and bond investments of the Group.
      To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.1 Assets” were still analysed on the
      statistical calibre excluding interest receivable, except for the table “components of the total assets of the Group”,
      in which interest receivable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry
      of Finance.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                                   31 December 2020                               31 December 2019
                                                                                          Percentage of                                       Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                 Amount the total (%)                           Amount       the total (%)
      Total loans and advances to customers                                      5,038,883                    60.26            4,500,199              60.67
      Allowances for impairment losses on loans (1)                               (234,522)                   (2.80)            (222,899)             (3.00)
      Net loans and advances to customers                                        4,804,361                    57.46            4,277,300              57.67
      Investment securities and other financial assets                           2,130,889                    25.48            1,839,440              24.80
      Cash, precious metals and balances with
         the central bank                                                           546,416                     6.53             571,990               7.71
      Inter-bank transactions (2)                                                   616,516                     7.37             522,507               7.04
      Goodwill                                                                        9,954                     0.12               9,954               0.13
      Other assets(3)                                                               253,312                     3.04             196,049               2.65
      Total assets                                                               8,361,448                  100.00             7,417,240            100.00

      Notes:

      (1)      The “allowances for impairment losses on loans” as at the end of the reporting period include the allowances for impairment losses of
               the principal and interest of the loans and advances to customers measured at amortised cost. The allowances for impairment losses of
               RMB238 million were not deducted from the carrying values of the loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other
               comprehensive income. For details, please refer to Note 22(a) to the financial statements.

      (2)      Including balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts held under resale agreements.

      (3)      Including fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets and other assets.


3.3.1.1 Loans and advances to customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
      RMB5,029.128 billion, representing an increase of 11.99% as compared with the end of the previous year; total
      loans and advances to customers accounted for 60.15% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 0.39
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers
      of the Group, please refer to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
30   China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.3.1.2 Investment securities and other financial assets
            The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
            denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
            The following table sets forth the components of investment securities and other financial assets of the Group by
            line items.
                                                                                     31 December 2020                            31 December 2019
                                                                                                   Percentage of                               Percentage of
            (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                             Amount         the total (%)                Amount         the total (%)
            Derivative financial assets                                                47,272                   2.24              24,219                      1.33
            Financial investments at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                        495,723                   23.50             398,276                     21.89
               – Bond investments                                                    177,820                    8.43             123,256                      6.77
               – Non-standardised credit asset investments                           175,303                    8.31             199,817                     10.98
               – Others (note)                                                       142,600                    6.76              75,203                      4.14
            Financial investments at amortised cost                                1,034,269                   49.02             907,472                     49.88
               – Bond investments                                                    911,409                   43.20             778,170                     42.77
               – Non-standardised credit asset investments                           148,386                    7.03             142,733                      7.84
               – Others                                                                  592                    0.03                 564                      0.04
               – Less: allowances for impairment losses                              (26,118)                  (1.24)            (13,995)                    (0.77)
            Debt investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                             510,307                  24.19             472,586                     25.97
            Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                       7,139                   0.34               6,077                      0.33
            Investments in joint ventures and associates                               14,922                   0.71              10,784                      0.60
            Total investment securities and
              other financial assets                                               2,109,632                 100.00           1,819,414                 100.00

            Note:    Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       31
Annual Report 2020


      Derivative financial instruments
      As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
      the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                    31 December 2020                           31 December 2019
                                                                  Fair value                                Fair value
                                             Notional                                   Notional
      (in millions of RMB)                    amount         Assets    Liabilities      amount        Assets      Liabilities
      Interest rate derivatives             3,303,805        12,568         (12,389)   4,656,569      10,990       (10,724)
      Currency derivatives                  1,266,675        33,166         (36,221)   1,135,734      12,479       (11,756)
      Other derivatives                       145,190         1,538          (1,451)     130,219         750          (720)
      Total                                 4,715,670        47,272         (50,061)   5,922,522      24,219       (23,200)

      The above table shows the notional value and fair value of the Group’s derivatives by their remaining maturity on
      each balance sheet date. The notional value refers only to the volume of the transactions that have not yet been due
      or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
      During the reporting period, fluctuation in the interest rate market intensified. The Group modestly controlled
      the scale of proprietary trading for interest rate derivatives, the notional amount declined but the valuation still
      increased significantly. Meanwhile, fluctuation also brought trading opportunities with customers for interest rate
      derivatives. In addition, RMB exchange rate showed a trend of appreciation, the hedging needs of customers holding
      assets denominated in foreign currencies increased, and the upward trend of the gold market promoted the demand
      for alternative allocation of customers. The Group continued to leverage on its professional advantages in derivative
      transactions in the financial market, responded to the policy of facilitation of cross-border trade and investment,
      strengthened the development of online hedging transaction channels and products, actively provided customers
      with customised trading solutions, and comprehensively used derivative instruments to hedge market risks, the
      number of customers served and transaction volume both increased rapidly.
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
      amounted to RMB495.723 billion, with bond, fund and non-standardised bills asset investments etc. being the major
      categories. The investments of which were made by the Group through an analysis of the fundamental aspects of
      both macro economic and monetary policy so as to obtain investment income by capturing trading opportunities in
      the market. For details, please refer to Note 23(a) to the financial statements.
      Financial investments measured at amortised cost
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s financial investments measured at amortised cost
      amounted to RMB1,034.269 billion. Among them, the bond investments were made mainly in the bonds issued by
      the PRC government and policy banks. This category of investments was held on a long-term basis for the strategic
      allocation of assets and liabilities of the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of bank
      accounts and liquidity management, while taking into account the returns and risks. For details, please refer to Note
      23(b) to the financial statements.
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
      income amounted to RMB510.307 billion, with interest rate bonds such as treasury bonds, local bonds, and policy
      bank bonds and medium-to-high rating quality credit bonds being the major categories. This category of investments
      was made by the Group through an analysis of the bond market, so as to obtain investment income by capturing
      investment and allocation opportunities in the market. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial
      statements.
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB7.139 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
      equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
      significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
32   China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
                                                                                                                          31 December                     31 December
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                  2020                            2019
           Official authorities                                                                                                   943,029                        783,189
           Policy banks                                                                                                           347,814                        316,241
           Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                                      167,553                        162,341
           Others                                                                                                                 141,140                        112,241
           Total Bond investments                                                                                               1,599,536                     1,374,012

           Note:    “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the Central Bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                    enterprises.



           Investments in joint ventures and associates
           As at the end of the reporting period, the investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group amounted to
           RMB14.922 billion, representing an increase of 38.37% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was
           mainly attributable to the increase in profitability of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and MUCFC, being joint ventures
           of the Company, coupled with the increase in investment in associates. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group was zero.
           For details, please refer to Notes 25 and 26 to the financial statements.
     3.3.1.3 Goodwill
           In compliance with the PRC enterprise accounting principles, at the end of the reporting period, the Group
           conducted an impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China
           Merchants Fund and other companies and determined that provision for impairment was not necessary for the
           reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment
           losses on goodwill of RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.



     3.3.2 Liabilities
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB7,631.094 billion,
           representing an increase of 12.23% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
           to the rapid growth in deposits from customers.
           To maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.2 Liabilities” were still analysed on the
           statistical calibre excluding interest payable, except for the table “components of the total liabilities of the Group”
           in which interest payable calculated using the effective interest method was included as required by the Ministry of
           Finance.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.
                                                                                          31 December 2020                                31 December 2019
                                                                                                 Percentage of                                           Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   Amount the total (%)                            Amount          the total (%)
           Deposits from customers                                                      5,664,135                     74.22            4,874,981                    71.70
           Inter-bank transactions (1)                                                  1,009,846                     13.23              784,735                    11.54
           Borrowings from the central bank                                               331,622                      4.35              359,175                     5.28
           Financial liabilities at fair value through
              profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities                          110,412                     1.45               66,634                      0.98
           Debt securities issued                                                          346,141                     4.54              578,191                      8.50
           Others (2)                                                                      168,938                     2.21              135,817                      2.00
           Total liabilities                                                            7,631,094                   100.00             6,799,533                   100.00

           Notes:

           (1)      Including deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and amounts sold under repurchase agreements.

           (2)      Including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and
                    other liabilities.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                              33
Annual Report 2020


      Deposits from customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB5,628.336
      billion, representing an increase of 16.18% as compared with the end of the previous year. Deposits from
      customers, accounting for 73.76% of the total liabilities of the Group, were the major funding source of the Group.
      The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
      and customer type.
                                                                     31 December 2020           31 December 2019
                                                                            Percentage of                  Percentage of
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                   Amount the total (%)       Amount      the total (%)
      Deposits from corporate customers
       Demand                                                      2,306,134        40.98     1,692,068            34.93
       Time                                                        1,289,556        22.91     1,346,033            27.79
        Subtotal                                                   3,595,690        63.89     3,038,101            62.72
      Deposits from retail customers
       Demand                                                      1,400,520        24.88     1,171,221            24.18
       Time                                                          632,126        11.23       635,100            13.10
        Subtotal                                                   2,032,646        36.11     1,806,321            37.28
      Total deposits from customers                                5,628,336       100.00     4,844,422           100.00

      In 2020, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to that of the total deposits from
      customers of the Group was 60.00%, representing an increase of 2.01 percentage points as compared with the
      previous year. Among which, the daily average balance of corporate demand deposits accounted for 56.76% of
      that of the corporate deposits, representing an increase of 2.66 percentage points as compared with the previous
      year; and the daily average balance of retail demand deposits accounted for 65.85% of that of the retail deposits,
      representing an increase of 0.93 percentage point as compared with the previous year.



3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
      As at the end of the reporting period, the equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank of the Group was
      RMB723.750 billion, representing an increase of 18.40% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
      which retained profits amounted to RMB370.265 billion, representing an increase of 15.13% as compared with the
      end of the previous year; exchange reserve amounted to RMB-693 million, representing a decrease of RMB2.254
      billion as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in RMB exchange rate;
      investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB8.207 billion, representing a decrease of RMB712 million as
      compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the disposal of financial assets at fair value through
      other comprehensive income which caused the carrying gains transferred out from other comprehensive income.
34   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
     3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
           The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                             31 December 2020                         31 December 2019
                                                                                                          Percentage of                             Percentage of
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      Amount        the total (%)              Amount         the total (%)
           Normal                                                                           4,934,797              98.12           4,385,785                97.67
           Special mention                                                                     40,716               0.81              52,590                 1.17
           Substandard                                                                         14,760               0.29              15,747                 0.35
           Doubtful                                                                            22,000               0.44              17,383                 0.39
           Loss                                                                                16,855               0.34              19,145                 0.42
           Total loans and advances to customers                                            5,029,128             100.00           4,490,650               100.00
           Non-performing loans                                                                53,615               1.07              52,275                 1.16

           Note:        Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss
                        loans.

           During the reporting period, the Group insisted on management strategy of strict asset classification to fully
           expose risks. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of non-performing loans increased, the
           non-performing loan ratio decreased, and both the balance and percentage of special-mention loans recorded a
           decrease. Specifically, the balance of our non-performing loans amounted to RMB53.615 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB1.340 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio of
           1.07%, a decrease of 0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of the
           special-mention loans amounted to RMB40.716 billion, representing a decrease of RMB11.874 billion as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the percentage of special-mention loans was 0.81%, representing a decrease of
           0.36 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                                         31 December 2020                                        31 December 2019
                                                                                                        Non                                                      Non
                                                          Loan and    Percentage           Non   performing     Loan and      Percentage          Non     performing
                                                           advance         of the   performing    loan ratio     advance           of the   performing     loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan         (%)(1)    balance        total (%)         loan          (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                                2,017,232        40.11        31,858          1.58    1,901,994          42.35       35,070            1.84
             Working capital loans                          744,220        14.80        22,333          3.00      854,121          19.02       24,925            2.92
             Fixed asset loans                              702,892        13.98         5,412          0.77      559,580          12.46        4,491            0.80
             Trade finance                                  212,786         4.23         1,010          0.47      192,750           4.29          819            0.42
             Others (2)                                     357,334         7.10         3,103          0.87      295,543           6.58        4,835            1.64
           Discounted bills (3)                             330,736         6.58             –             –      226,040           5.04           19            0.01
           Retail loans                                   2,681,160        53.31        21,757          0.81    2,362,616          52.61       17,186            0.73
             Micro-finance loans                            475,728         9.46         3,026          0.64      405,780           9.04        3,284            0.81
             Residential mortgage loans                   1,274,815        25.35         3,759          0.29    1,108,148          24.68        2,749            0.25
             Credit card loans                              746,687        14.85        12,424          1.66      671,099          14.94        9,033            1.35
             Others (4)                                     183,930         3.65         2,548          1.39      177,589           3.95        2,120            1.19
           Total loans and
             advances to customers                        5,029,128       100.00        53,615          1.07    4,490,650         100.00       52,275            1.16

           Notes:

           (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)          Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

           (3)          The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

           (4)          Consists primarily of general consumer loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other
                        personal loans secured by monetary assets.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                          35
Annual Report 2020


      With regard to retail loans, the Group strived to ensure the credit services for small- and micro-sized enterprises
      and individuals, increased micro-finance loans, and supported the resumption of work and production of small- and
      micro-sized enterprises; strictly implemented the real estate control policies by governments at all levels in support of
      residents’ reasonable needs for their own homes; and carefully selected quality customers and strictly controlled the
      usage of consumer loans to reasonably develop the consumer loan business. During the reporting period, retail loans
      were significantly affected by the pandemic. Except for micro-finance loans, non-performing loans of other types
      of retail finance all increased. As at the end of the reporting period, the proportion of retail loans was 53.31%,
      representing an increase of 0.70 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of
      non-performing loans amounted to RMB21.757 billion, up by RMB4.571 billion as compared with the end of the
      previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio was 0.81%, up by 0.08 percentage point as compared with the
      end of the previous year. Among which, the non-performing credit card loans amounted to RMB12.424 billion, up
      by RMB3.391 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing ratio of credit card
      loans was 1.66%, up by 0.31 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      With regard to corporate loans, the Group steadily advanced the development of project financing business,
      resulting in an increase in the proportion of fixed asset loans. Meanwhile, the quality of corporate loan assets
      remained relatively stable due to the Group’s long-term adherence to customer structure adjustment. As at the end
      of the reporting period, the percentage of corporate loans was 40.11%, representing a decrease of 2.24 percentage
      points as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing corporate loans amounted to RMB31.858
      billion, down by RMB3.212 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing ratio of
      corporate loans was 1.58%, down by 0.26 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.

3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                    31 December 2020                                         31 December 2019
                                                                                                    Non                                                      Non
                                                     Loan and    Percentage           Non    performing     Loan and      Percentage           Non    performing
                                                      advance         of the   performing     loan ratio     advance           of the    performing    loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan          (%)(1)    balance        total (%)          loan         (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                                2,017,232        40.11        31,858           1.58    1,901,994          42.35         35,070          1.84
        Transportation, storage
           and postal services                        412,424          8.20         3,489           0.85     337,209            7.51          2,475          0.73
        Property development                          390,792          7.77         1,190           0.30     368,377            8.20          1,636          0.44
        Manufacturing                                 283,135          5.63        10,057           3.55     261,711            5.83         15,943          6.09
        Production and supply of
           electric power, heat,
           gas and water                              170,413          3.39            842          0.49     150,083            3.34            519          0.35
        Leasing and
           commercial services                        155,028          3.08         6,227           4.02     173,369            3.86          3,612          2.08
        Wholesale and retail                          149,775          2.98         6,361           4.25     162,857            3.63          5,202          3.19
        Finance                                       114,294          2.27           239           0.21     126,706            2.82            229          0.18
        Construction                                  103,619          2.06           890           0.86      97,475            2.17          1,270          1.30
        Information transmission,
           software and IT service                     64,135          1.28            824          1.28      55,900            1.24          1,034          1.85
        Water conservancy,
           environment and
           public utilities                             55,294         1.10           145           0.26       58,263           1.30            270          0.46
        Mining                                          40,676         0.81           783           1.92       39,189           0.87          2,084          5.32
        Others(2)                                       77,647         1.54           811           1.04       70,855           1.58            796          1.12
      Discounted bills                                 330,736         6.58             –              –      226,040           5.04             19          0.01
      Retail loans                                   2,681,160        53.31        21,757           0.81    2,362,616          52.61         17,186          0.73
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    5,029,128       100.00        53,615           1.07    4,490,650         100.00         52,275          1.16

      Notes:

      (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)          Consists primarily of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.
36   China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           In 2020, the Group closely followed the macroeconomic and financial situations, resolutely implemented national
           policy requirements, firmly supported the development of the real economy, focused on credit grants for strategic
           emerging industries and advanced manufacturing, actively supported new economic forms and modern service
           industries with innovation-driven consumption upgrades and green environmental protection as the core, as well
           as major construction projects that make up for the shortcomings by infrastructure, and dynamically adjusted risk
           prevention and control strategies in key areas such as real estate industry, local government financing platforms,
           and industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from, so as to continuously optimise the allocation of risk asset
           portfolios. During the reporting period, due to the slowdown in economic growth, industrial structural adjustment
           and the impact of the pandemic, some industries faced greater operating pressures, and credit risks were exposed.
           The non-performing loan ratio of leasing and commercial services, wholesale and retail, transportation, storage and
           postal services all showed an increase.



     3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                         31 December 2020                                        31 December 2019
                                                                                                        Non                                                     Non
                                                          Loan and    Percentage           Non   performing     Loan and      Percentage          Non    performing
                                                           advance         of the   performing    loan ratio     advance           of the   performing    loan ratio
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance      total (%)         loan         (%)(1)    balance        total (%)         loan         (%)(1)
           Head Office (2)                                  858,197        17.06        17,325          2.02     740,664           16.49       11,209           1.51
           Yangtze River Delta                            1,037,683        20.63         7,634          0.74     903,754           20.13        8,574           0.95
           Bohai Rim                                        633,008        12.59         6,942          1.10     567,997           12.65        7,092           1.25
           Pearl River Delta and West Side
             of Taiwan Strait                              882,726         17.56         6,555          0.74     773,445           17.22        7,093           0.92
           North-eastern China                             166,632          3.31         3,772          2.26     151,587            3.38        5,146           3.39
           Central China                                   510,537         10.15         4,247          0.83     453,128           10.09        3,739           0.83
           Western China                                   512,103         10.18         4,640          0.91     446,520            9.94        7,321           1.64
           Overseas                                        129,020          2.57           342          0.27     139,341            3.10          276           0.20
           Subsidiaries                                    299,222          5.95         2,158          0.72     314,214            7.00        1,825           0.58
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                    5,029,128       100.00        53,615          1.07    4,490,650         100.00       52,275           1.16

           Notes:

           (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)          The Head Office includes Credit Card Center, Offshore Finance Center and Banking Department of the Head Office.


           The Group closely followed regional economic strategies of the State by actively supporting the demand for
           credit funds in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area and Yangtze River Delta, and combining the
           characteristics of regional advantageous industries and the differences in customer base to fully explore high-quality
           customers in the regional economy. At the same time, the Group further strengthened the differentiated risk
           supervisory management by category for branches and sub-branches in different regions, so as to prevent the
           occurrence of regional systematic risks. As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of the balance of
           loans extended to Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and West Side of Taiwan Strait, and Western China showed
           increases. Due to the formation of non-performing loans in certain large-sized corporate customers and the increase
           of non-performing credit card loans, the non-performing loan ratio of Head Office increased by 0.51 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year; the non-performing loan ratio also increased in overseas and
           subsidiaries, while the non-performing loan ratio in the Central China remained the same as compared with the end
           of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio of other regions decreased as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
China Merchants Bank                           Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                 37
Annual Report 2020


3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                     31 December 2020                                              31 December 2019
                                                                                                    Non                                                            Non
                                                     Loan and    Percentage            Non   performing          Loan and      Percentage           Non     performing
                                                      advance    of the total   performing    loan ratio          advance      of the total   performing     loan ratio
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)    balance            (%)          loan       (%)(note)        balance              (%)          loan        (%)(note)
      Credit loans                                   1,758,502         34.97        18,725           1.06       1,535,977           34.20        13,438            0.87
      Guaranteed loans                                 696,634         13.85        16,201           2.33         636,709           14.18        16,755            2.63
      Collateralised loans                           1,914,658         38.07        13,544           0.71       1,859,500           41.40        15,103            0.81
      Pledged loans                                    328,598          6.53         5,145           1.57         232,424            5.18         6,960            2.99
      Discounted bills                                 330,736          6.58             –              –         226,040            5.04            19            0.01
      Total loans and advances to
        customers                                    5,029,128        100.00        53,615           1.07       4,490,650          100.00        52,275            1.16

      Note:        Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s collateralised and pledged loans increased by 7.23% as compared
      with the end of the previous year; guaranteed loans increased by 9.41% as compared with the end of the previous
      year, and the credit loans increased by 14.49% as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
      credit loan ratio increased by 0.19 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year due to the
      increase of non-performing credit card loans; while the non-performing ratio of loans with other types of guarantee
      all decreased.



3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                             of net capital
                                                                                                 Loan balance                   (under the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                       as at                   Advanced             Percentage of
      Top ten                                                                                    31 December                 Measurement                 total loans
      borrowers                  Industry                                                                2020               Approach) (%)              advances (%)
      A                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                  25,509                      3.11                   0.51
      B                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                  18,000                      2.19                   0.36
      C                          Property development                                                         15,626                      1.90                   0.31
      D                          Property development                                                         12,317                      1.50                   0.24
      E                          Leasing and commercial services                                              10,818                      1.32                   0.22
      F                          Production and supply of electric power,                                     10,114                      1.23                   0.20
                                    heating power, gas and water
      G                          Finance                                                                      10,000                      1.22                   0.20
      H                          Finance                                                                       9,247                      1.13                   0.18
      I                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                   9,020                      1.10                   0.18
      J                          Transportation, storage and postal services                                   9,010                      1.09                   0.18
      Total                                                                                                  129,661                    15.79                    2.58

      As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
      RMB25.509 billion, representing 3.11% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
      The loan balance of the top ten single borrowers totalled RMB129.661 billion, representing 15.79% of the Group’s
      net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 16.47% of the Group’s net capital under the Weighted
      Approach, and 2.58% of the Group’s total loan balance, respectively.
38   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                          31 December 2020              31 December 2019
                                                                         Loan and     Percentage       Loan and       Percentage
                                                                          advance        of total       advance          of total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                   balance      loans (%)        balance        loans (%)
           Overdue within 3 months                                         15,584           0.31         18,899             0.42
           Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                              20,112           0.40         20,288             0.45
           Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                               15,473           0.31         16,657             0.37
           Overdue more than 3 years                                        5,399           0.10          7,519             0.17
           Total overdue loans                                             56,568           1.12         63,363             1.41
           Total loans and advances to customers                        5,029,128         100.00      4,490,650           100.00

           As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB56.568 billion, down by
           RMB6.795 billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.12% of its total loans, representing a
           decrease of 0.29 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among the overdue loans,
           collateralised and pledged loans accounted for 31.97%; guaranteed loans accounted for 23.25%; credit loans
           accounted for 44.78% (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent
           classification criteria for overdue loans, and the ratio of its non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than
           90 days was 1.31.



     3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                          31 December 2020              31 December 2019
                                                                                      Percentage                      Percentage
                                                                             Loan        of total           Loan         of total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                   balance      loans (%)         balance       loans (%)
           Restructured loans (note)                                        24,878           0.49        25,022              0.56
           Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
             90 days                                                        15,169           0.30        19,255              0.43

           Note:    Represents the restructured non-performing loans.


           The Group imposed strict and prudent control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.49%, down by 0.07 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                             39
Annual Report 2020


3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
      the Group amounted to RMB714 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB102 million, the
      net carrying value amounted to RMB612 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
      RMB1.884 billion.



3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
      The Group adopted the new financial instrument standard to make adequate allowances for credit risk losses by
      using the expected credit loss model and the risk quantification parameters such as the probability of customer
      defaults and the loss ratio of defaults, after taking into consideration the adjustments in macro perspectiveness.
      The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances of the
      Group.
      (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                 2020                   2019
      Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                       223,097                  192,000
      Charge/release for the period                                                                                     46,882                   54,214
      Unwinding of discount on impaired loans and advances(note)                                                          (186)                    (286)
      Recovery of loans and advances previously written off                                                              8,781                    9,170
      Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                               (43,734)                 (32,201)
      Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                     (176)                     200
      Balance at the end of the period                                                                                 234,664                  223,097

      Note:    Represents the amortised cost on impaired loans as a result of the increase in their present value due to the passage of time.


      The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB234.664
      billion, representing an increase of RMB11.567 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
      coverage ratio was 437.68%, representing an increase of 10.90 percentage points as compared with the end of the
      previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.67%, representing a decrease of 0.30 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
40   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio
           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 12.29%, 13.98% and
           16.54% respectively, representing an increase of 0.34, 1.29 and 1.00 percentage point respectively as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                                      the end of the current
                                                                                                                                           year as compared
                                                                                       31 December               31 December             with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                       2020                      2019               previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Advanced Measurement Approach (1)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                             610,092                 550,339                              10.86
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                  694,184                 584,436                              18.78
           Net capital                                                                         821,290                 715,925                              14.72
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements
             during the parallel run period)                                                4,298,888               3,863,760                               11.26
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                          3,731,603               3,347,515                               11.47
                         Market risk weighted assets                                           75,595                  66,514                               13.65
                         Operational risk weighted assets                                     491,690                 449,731                                9.33
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
             floor requirements during the parallel run period)                             4,964,542               4,606,786                            7.77
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 12.29%                  11.95%                Increased by 0.34
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                       13.98%                  12.69%               Increased by 1.29
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                              16.54%                  15.54%               Increased by 1.00
                                                                                                                                             percentage point
           Information on leverage ratio (2)
           Adjusted balance of on- and off-balance sheet assets                             9,395,026               8,604,521                            9.19
                                                                                                                                            Increased by 0.60
           Leverage ratio                                                                        7.39%                   6.79%               percentage point

           Notes:

           (1)      The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
                    (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement
                    Approach, the scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries.
                    The scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and
                    subbranches of China Merchants Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy ratio
                    included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and
                    CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited. During the parallel run period when the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital
                    measurement is implemented, a commercial bank shall use the capital floor adjustment coefficients to adjust the amount of its risk-weighted
                    assets multiplying the sum of its minimum capital required and reserve capital required, total amount of capital deductions and the allowances
                    for excessive loan loss which can be included into capital. The capital floor adjustment coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively
                    in the first year, the second year, and the third and subsequent years during the parallel run period. 2020 is the sixth year since the
                    implementation of the parallel run period.

           (2)      Since 2015, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks
                    (Revised)” promulgated by the former CBRC on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 7.26%, 6.52% and 6.88% respectively
                    as at the end of the third quarter of 2020, the end of the first half of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of 2020.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                           41
Annual Report 2020


      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 11.81%, 13.62% and
      16.29% respectively, representing an increase of 0.33, 1.39 and 1.02 percentage point respectively as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                                            Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                          the end of the current
                                                                                                                               year as compared
                                                                              31 December             31 December            with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   2020                    2019              previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Advanced Measurement Approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                        532,209                478,083                           11.32
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                             613,444                509,336                           20.44
      Net capital                                                                    734,022                635,977                           15.42
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
        consideration the floor requirements
        during the parallel run period)                                            3,848,927             3,426,517                            12.33
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                      3,336,234             2,960,115                            12.71
                    Market risk weighted assets                                       62,535                51,112                            22.35
                    Operational risk weighted assets                                 450,158               415,290                             8.40
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the
        floor requirements during the parallel run period)                         4,505,299             4,163,903                          8.20
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                             11.81%                11.48%              Increased by 0.33
                                                                                                                                percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                   13.62%                12.23%             Increased by 1.39
                                                                                                                               percentage points
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                          16.29%                15.27%             Increased by 1.02
                                                                                                                               percentage points

      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
      and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 10.68%, 12.16% and 13.79%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.04, 0.86 and 0.77 percentage point respectively as compared with the
      end of the previous year.
      The Group
                                                                                                                            Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                                          the end of the current
                                                                                                                               year as compared
                                                                              31 December             31 December            with the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                   2020                    2019              previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under
        the Weighted Approach(note)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                        610,092               550,339                         10.86
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                             694,184               584,436                         18.78
      Net capital                                                                    787,438               673,366                         16.94
      Risk-weighted assets                                                         5,710,544             5,170,500                         10.44
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                             10.68%                10.64%               Increased by 0.04
                                                                                                                                 percentage point
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                   12.16%                11.30%              Increased by 0.86
                                                                                                                                 percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                          13.79%                13.02%              Increased by 0.77
                                                                                                                                 percentage point

      Note:    The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Measurement Approach for market risk and
               the Basic Indicator Approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
               (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
42   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 10.12%, 11.67% and 13.31%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.03, 0.92 and 0.78 percentage point respectively as compared with the
           end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                                 Increase/decrease at
                                                                                                               the end of the current
                                                                                                                    year as compared
                                                                              31 December        31 December      with the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                              2020               2019        previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under
             the Weighted Approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                  532,209          478,083                    11.32
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                       613,444          509,336                    20.44
           Net capital                                                              700,171          593,418                    17.99
           Risk-weighted assets                                                   5,258,694        4,737,827                    10.99
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                       10.12%           10.09%          Increased by 0.03
                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                            11.67%           10.75%          Increased by 0.92
                                                                                                                      percentage point
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                   13.31%           12.53%          Increased by 0.78
                                                                                                                      percentage point



           Balance of credit risk exposures
           During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the internal ratings-based approach (IRB approach)
           was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail, shareholding and
           others. The balances of various risk exposures are as follows:
           (in millions of RMB)                    Type of risk exposure                              Legal person             Group
           Portion covered by                      Financial institution                                 1,386,214          1,386,214
             the IRB approach                      Corporate                                             1,981,681          1,981,681
                                                   Retail                                                3,429,118          3,429,118
                                                      Of which: Residential mortgage exposures           1,267,771          1,267,771
                                                                 Qualified revolving retail              1,642,719          1,642,719
                                                                 Other retail                              518,628            518,628
           Portion not covered                     On-balance sheet                                      2,727,420          3,147,635
             by the IRB approach                   Off-balance sheet                                       159,905            170,108
                                                   Counterparty                                             20,624             22,685



           Measurement of market risk capital
           The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital requirement. Specifically, it uses the Internal
           Model-based Approach to calculate the general market risk capital requirement of the Company (excluding
           overseas branches), and uses the Standardised Measurement Approach to calculate the general market risk capital
           requirement of overseas branches and affiliated companies of the Company as well as the specific market risk
           capital requirement of the Company and its affiliated companies. As at the end of the reporting period, the market
           risk-weighted assets of the Group were RMB75.595 billion, and market risk capital requirement was RMB6.048
           billion, of which the general market risk capital requirement calculated under the Internal Model-based Approach
           was RMB3.773 billion, and the market risk capital requirement calculated under the Standardised Measurement
           Approach was RMB2.275 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      43
Annual Report 2020


      The Group’s market risk capital requirement under the Internal Model-based Approach was calculated using the
      market risk value based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding
      period of 10 days. The following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the
      reporting period:


                                                                                            Distressed risk     General risk
                                                                                             value during      value during
      No.                                                                                   the reporting     the reporting
      (in millions of RMB)           Item                                                           period           period
      1                              Average value                                                     578              361
      2                              Maximum value                                                     785              585
      3                              Minimum value                                                     364              140
      4                              Value at the end of the period                                    474              515




3.6 Results of Operating Segments
      The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
      summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.


                                                                      2020                                2019
      Items                                                    Profit       Net operating            Profit   Net operating
      (in millions of RMB)                                 before tax             income         before tax         income
      Retail finance                                           63,834            156,288            66,417          144,716
      Wholesale finance                                        55,437            122,029            46,431          111,832
      Other businesses                                          3,169             11,962             4,284           13,240
      Total                                                   122,440            290,279           117,132          269,788

      During the reporting period, the profit before tax of retail finance of the Group amounted to RMB63.834 billion,
      down by 3.89% year-on-year, accounting for 52.13% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 4.57 percentage points; the net operating income amounted to RMB156.288 billion, up by
      8.00% year-on-year, accounting for 53.84% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 0.20 percentage point. The net operating income of retail finance grew while the profit before tax
      declined, mainly because more provision for expected credit losses in retail finance was made during this period.
      During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance was 34.65%, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 0.91 percentage point.
      For details of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial statements.



3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
      financial position and operating results and the related information
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent
      liabilities. Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, operating leasing commitments,
      capital expenditure commitments, securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments,
      pending litigations and disputes and other contingent liabilities. Among which, the credit commitment is the
      primary component. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was
      RMB2,046.374 billion. For details of the contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the
      financial statements.



3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.
44   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.8 Implementation of Business Development Strategies
           During the reporting period, the Company unswervingly promoted the strategic transformation of “Light-model
           Bank” and adhered to the strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”. Focusing on the main theme of
           “customers and technologies” and taking “openness and integration” as methodologies, the Company pulled in full
           gear to build the Company into a Digital Bank, deepened organisational and cultural reforms and actively explored
           the business model of commercial banks for development stage 3.0.



     1.    Enhance and improve the retail service systems for “all products, all channels
           and all customers” under the guidance of the “North Star Metric” MAU
           Retail finance was aimed to offer the best customer experience and guided by the “North Star Metric” MAU (monthly
           active users). The Company deeply practiced the “openness and integration” methodologies, accelerated the
           digital transformation of retail finance, and continuously enhanced and improved the retail service systems for “all
           products, all channels and all customers”, so as to provide customers with high-quality financial and pan-financial
           services.
           The first is to use CMB APP and CMB Life APP as the platforms to continuously explore and build the digital
           customer acquisition model and create new growth drivers in customer acquisition, while continuously improving the
           chainlike conversion efficiency of turning new customers into high-net-worth ones. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the aggregate number of CMB APP users increased by 27.19% to 145 million, with the percentage of debit
           card customers acquired through digital channel reaching 19.98%; and the aggregate number of CMB Life APP
           users increased by 20.16% to 110 million, with the percentage of credit card customers acquired through digital
           channel reaching 62.82%.
           The second is to continue to iteratively optimise the digital operation system and improve service level. By breaking
           away from traditional card-based business model, the Company launched a new “user growth system” from
           the perspective of APP, and introduced various financial and pan-financial rights that meet the actual needs of
           customers. The Company opened up the wealth management, credit extension and credit card systems as well as the
           online and offline channels to merge into a stronger force and jointly serve customers, so that customers can enjoy
           more comprehensive services provided by the Company in the “outlet + APP + scenario ecology”. The Company built
           core scenarios and multi-dimensional ecology to improve user stickiness. During the reporting period, CMB APP and
           CMB Life APP had an aggregate MAU of 107 million. In 23 scenarios, the MAU exceeds 10 million, among which the
           two major scenarios of “Meal Coupons” and “Movie Tickets” had a transaction volume of nearly RMB10 billion. The
           Company strengthened online interaction with customers and improved the efficiency of financial services. During
           the reporting period, there were 1,745 live broadcasts in the two major APPs, serving more than 11.70 million
           customers. As at the end of the reporting period, 44 branches launched the City Zones (城市專區). 1,595 outlets
           launched online stores. During the reporting period, the number of wealth management customers using CMB APP
           reached 10,330,400, up by 35.55% year-on-year, and accounted for 94.84% of the Bank’s total number of wealth
           management customers. The wealth management transactions via CMB APP amounted to RMB10.09 trillion, up by
           28.21% year-on-year, and accounted for 79.24% of the Bank’s wealth management transactions.
           The third is to actively explore hierarchical and classified customer operation, diligently create value for customers
           and continuously improve customer service experience. The Company strengthened its customer insights and
           launched the differentiated marketing system for subdivided customers at different stages of life to better meet
           the actual needs of customers. At the same time, from customers’ standpoint, the Company unwaveringly adhered
           to the AUM business philosophy, took a more open and proactive attitude to introduce high-quality products from
           the whole market, and strove to become its customers’ most preferable bank for payment, settlement and wealth
           management, so as to continuously increase the Company’s share in the financial services used by its customers.
           The “Wind Chime System”, being the retail customer experience monitoring system, has connected with 27 internal
           systems and monitored 1,367 customer experience indicators, thereby enabling the Company to proactively manage
           customer experience and promote continuous upgrading of customer service experience.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                            45
Annual Report 2020


2.    Put a close eye on account flow and capital flow to build a wholesale business
      ecosystem in respect of core customers
      By taking core customers as the logical starting point for business development of wholesale finance, the Company
      built a business model for mutual promotion and positive circulation between core customers and upstream and
      downstream supply chain customers.
      The first is to aggressively explore the “integrated investment banking and commercial banking” operation,
      and maintain customer loyalty through commercial banking services while fostering customer relationships with
      investment banking. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company completed 31 state-owned enterprise
      mixed ownership reform projects; the coverage ratio of the Cross-bank Solution for Corporate Treasury Management
      (CBS) reached 54.81% and 24.46% for strategic customers at the Head Office and branches, respectively, up by
      9.81 and 6.06 percentage points, respectively; and the number of the Head Office’s strategic customers using the
      Company’s core transaction banking products increased to 4.70.
      The second is to extend towards customer ecosystems along the capital chain based on deepened management and
      operation of core customers. By greatly improving the business processing experience, key financial services including
      payment agency, commercial paper guarantee and discounting and letters of guarantee spurred on the acquisition
      of a large number of customers in the upstream and downstream supply chains, and also led to a restorative growth
      in the number of small corporate loanholders. The quality of wholesale customers improved obviously. As of the end
      of the reporting period, the number of corporate customers with a daily average deposit of more than RMB500,000
      reached 199,400, representing an increase of 28,500 or 16.68% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      At the same time, the Company actively seized the opportunity of special debts. During the reporting period, the
      special debt projects for which we offered financial services amounted to RMB1.30 trillion and retained deposits
      of RMB638.873 billion via capital for bond issuance. The daily average balance of RMB deposits from institutional
      customers was RMB914.356 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company cooperated with 25
      domestic government agencies in respect of the smart AI customer services, serving an aggregate of 200,000
      persons.
      The third is to constantly improve the corporate customer experience, and promote the online business from the
      users’ perspective. As of the end of the reporting period, the corporate customer experience monitoring system
      docked with 28 internal systems in the Bank, monitoring 954 customer experience indicators. As of the end of the
      reporting period, the self-service rate of newly accessing online corporate banking service increased from 72.23%
      to 91.05%. The “Instant Issuance of Letter of Guarantee (保函閃電開)” was widely used by customers soon after its
      launch. The form-filling workload for business account opening was greatly reduced from 78 to 3 items, and only
      one visit to the Bank is required. The Company was ahead of its peers to obtain the qualification for blockchain
      invoicing. During the reporting period, the number of blockchain invoices issued by the Company was 1.33 million;
      our invoice cloud project was the first of its kind in the industry to realise online self-service invoicing for proprietary
      businesses, with a value-added tax e-invoicing ratio of 79.79%, and the number of invoices verified by the invoice
      cloud and that of reimbursement invoices were 3.90 million and 1.42 million, respectively.
46   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.    Unswervingly build the Company into a Digital Bank
           The bottom layer of digital business operation is the continuous enhancement of Fintech capabilities. The Company
           continued to increase the investments in scientific and technological resources. During the reporting period, the
           investment in information technology amounted to RMB11.912 billion, up by 27.25% year-on-year, and accounted
           for 4.45% of the Company’s net operating income, up by 0.73 percentage point year-on-year. Information
           technology investment focused mainly on system operation, electronic equipment and software procurement,
           information technology human resource allocation, information technology consulting and infrastructure
           construction. As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank confirmed 2,106 Fintech innovation projects, of which
           1,374 projects were launched online, covering retail, wholesale, risk and other fields.
           With the deepening of digital transformation, the Bank’s management capabilities and efficiency have improved
           gradually. The Company continued to optimise the customer relationship management system for retail finance,
           namely the W+ platform, offering instant professional advice, launching intelligent auxiliary sales functions, and
           supporting customer service online. Customer data analysis products such as Zhitu (智圖), Zhiwang (智網), Zhice
           (智策), Xianji (先機) and Shenbi (神筆) demonstrate that our branches have improved their accurate marketing
           capabilities and fully applied AI, voice recognition and other technologies to serve customers. The wholesale business
           line took the customer relationship management system (CRM 4.0) as the carrier, and used scenarios to connect the
           five major functions of customer information, information cases, business processing, marketing support and team
           building to empower branches. The online contract signing covered 77 wholesale businesses, greatly reducing the
           signing time. Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Optical Character Recognition (OCR), Natural Language Processing
           (NLP) and other financial technologies were applied to 49 middle- and back-office scenarios such as verification,
           entry and consulting, and the number of replaced businesses reached 27.23 million. The Company integrated
           multiple modules for risk management from the perspective of users and consolidated and made accessible the
           underlying system data, to realise one-click inquiry of customer basic information, risk information and relationship
           map information, and automatically generate risk reports and pre-credit reports. During the reporting period, the
           intelligent risk control platform named “Libra” lowered the percentage of non-cardholders’ counterfeited and
           embezzled amounts to three in ten millionths; the corporate intelligent early-warning system had an early-warning
           accuracy rate of 75.21% for potentially risky corporate customers. As it could issue an early-warning signal averagely
           20 months before a customer became financially risky, the coverage rate of newly risky customers reached 86.75%.
           Digital operation has started to bear fruits. During the reporting period, the average daily settlement time of outlets
           was 50 minutes earlier year-on-year. At the same time, the customer satisfaction with counter businesses continued
           to improve for three consecutive years. Online collaborative officing capabilities improved significantly, and online
           meetings and training have become normal with wider coverage and higher efficiency, thus saving a considerable
           amount of time and cost.
           The Company fully initiated the transformation of technology infrastructure from IT to DT, actively promoted host
           cloud and application cloud, and continuously improved the three major AI cloud services of customer service cloud,
           public opinion cloud and visual cloud. During the reporting period, the customer service cloud saved a workforce of
           over 4,000 persons, the early-warning timeliness of the public opinion cloud improved from 1 day to 1 hour, and the
           visual cloud was used 92 million times throughout the year. Significant breakthroughs were made in the connection
           of systems and data, and 90 improvement projects were completed to solve 18 fundamental and comprehensive
           problems, including demand response mechanism, data sharing mechanism and unified internal user authentication.
           The Company unified the corporate user system to allow users to log in with a username and password to
           access 18 types of systems covering 200 financial services, thereby better supporting the comprehensive services,
           comprehensive pricing and concentrated risk management of corporate customers. The management level of the
           data assets of the whole Bank was improved greatly by launching a business intelligence platform that can provide
           visual data products for the whole Bank, and an artificial intelligence platform that allows data access personnel to
           conduct self-service data analysis. At the same time, the Company further purified data assets and made the use of
           data more convenient and efficient.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      47
Annual Report 2020


4.    Continuously deepen the organisational and cultural transformation of
      openness and integration
      The awareness and capabilities of internal coordination continued to improve. The Company broke through
      inter-departmental barriers, brought together vital forces to act on the market, and gradually developed an
      enterprise-level service capability. During the reporting period, thanks to the synergy among the Company’s wealth
      management, asset management and investment banking, the Company achieved a record high in the amount of
      AUM increments and the highest growth rate over the past five years, and the amount of custody assets exceeded
      RMB16 trillion, with an increase of RMB2.82 trillion. The linkage between the Head Office and branches and among
      various business lines was realised by the Company to share resources and capabilities, jointly expand scenarios
      and create a platform ecology. As of the end of the reporting period, the provident fund service covered 78 cities,
      the social security inquiry service covered 66 cities, and the non-tax charge payment service covered 85 cities; the
      Bank issued 13.765 million electronic social security cards. The MAUs of public service scenarios reached 6,602,700,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 419.29%; the MAUs of utilities bills payment scenarios reached 4,214,600,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 72.37%.
      The organisational culture of openness and integration has been deeply rooted in the hearts of our employees.
      The middle- and back-office departments actively empowered front-line ones by reducing burdens on them,
      some common burdens that have long plagued grassroots employees were effectively rectified, and some process
      weakpoints that restricted front-line employees were effectively resolved. The cross-boundary integrated task team
      conducted comprehensive cooperation in the construction of host cloud, data center and other projects, which has
      proved to be an effective organisational way to solve complicated tasks. A multiple talent exchange system within
      and outside the Bank, between the Head Office and branches, and across branches has been gradually taking shape,
      improving the cadre exchange mechanism, and strengthening the trend that employees with grassroot experience
      are prioritised when selecting cadres. The Company normalised small-team innovation, formed an innovation
      factory incubation mechanism, and encouraged employees to shake off conventional work processes and operation
      methods, so as to achieve the adoption of innovative ideas and team development. First-line voices were widely
      valued, and the “Egg Shell (蛋殼)” platform of our internal forum has increasingly become an important basis for
      decision-making by managers at all levels. The “Simple Work Action (清風行動)” promoted the whole Bank to insist
      on doing the right thing, and the light-operation culture of “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness” has
      increasingly become a value concept recognised by the whole Bank.
48   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
     1.    Net interest margin
           In 2020, the net interest margin of the Company was 2.56%, representing a decrease of 9 basis points year-on-year,
           which was mainly due to the impact of cuts in the interest rates on the asset side: on the one hand, the Loan Prime
           Rate (LPR) was lowered many times, and at the same time the Company vigorously implemented the national policy
           of fee reduction and interest concession in favor of the real economy to enable the interest rate of newly issued
           loans to drop significantly; on the other hand, the market interest rates fell under the guidance of more flexible and
           moderate monetary policy, leading to obvious decline in the yields of bill financing, bond investment and financial
           institutions assets. Benefiting from the admirable growth in low-cost deposits and enhanced control over the
           amount and price of high-cost deposits such as structured deposits and large-denomination certificates of deposit,
           the deposit cost ratio decreased year-on-year; as market interest rates fell, the cost of active liabilities for treasuries
           such as financial institution deposits and interbank certificates of deposits decreased accordingly which, to a certain
           extent, made up for the gap caused by the decrease in the return on assets.
           Looking forward to 2021, it is expected that the Company’s net interest margin will remain under pressure. On
           the one hand, as the economic recovery is vulnerable to the sustaining pandemic, and some existing loans will be
           collectively re-priced in 2021 as a result of the LPR cuts in 2020, it will be difficult to improve asset pricing; on the
           other hand, as the monetary policy normalises, and the cost of marketised liabilities has stabilised and rebounded,
           coupled with the increasingly fierce competition for deposits, the cost of liabilities will generally face upward
           pressure.
           The Company will continue to enhance its research and judgment in the macro economy and policies, reinforce the
           forward-looking evaluation and flexible management of assets and liabilities, constantly optimise the asset-liability
           structure, and strive to maintain net interest margin at a relatively good level. On the asset side, the Company will
           continue to optimise the industrial structure, business structure, customer structure and regional structure, so as to
           further strengthen the management of risk asset pricing. On the liability side, on the one hand, the Company will
           continue to optimise deposit structure, strengthen deposit pricing management, and further consolidate deposit
           cost advantages; on the other hand, the Company will flexibly arrange marketised funding sources and promote the
           steady growth of low-cost financial institution demand deposits.



     2.    Net non-interest income
           During the reporting period, the Company realised net non-interest income of RMB87.979 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 4.50%, which accounted for 32.89% of the Company’s net operating income, down by
           0.60 percentage point year-on-year. Due to the huge impact of the pandemic on macro economy and household
           consumption, both bank card business and payment and settlement business have been directly affected, and bond
           valuation and foreign exchange trading gains were under pressure due to the drastic fluctuations in the financial
           market. The growth in the Company’s net non-interest income has slowed down. However, through making
           active responses and dynamically and flexibly adjusting relevant strategies, the Company still achieved growth in
           net non-interest income: first, thanks to the rapid growth of customers, the enhancement of digital operation
           capabilities and the loose funding environment, wealth management fee income from agency distribution of funds,
           agency sales of wealth management services, agency distribution of trust schemes has increased satisfactorily
           year-on-year; second, driven by the steady growth in custody scale and the continuous optimisation of product
           structure, the income from custody businesses have grown well; third, after deepening the operation and expansion
           of wholesale customers, income from transaction banking, customer transaction and other businesses have also
           grown well.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                            49
Annual Report 2020


      During the reporting period, the Company recorded net fee and commission income of RMB70.699 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 7.47%. For key projects, the Company’s fee and commission income from
      wealth management amounted to RMB28.524 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.68%2 on the
      same statistical calibre (of which: income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB9.434 billion, up
      by 99.45% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the better sales of non-monetary funds in the active
      capital market; income from agency sales of wealth management services amounted to RMB5.699 billion, up by
      57.89% year-on-year on the same statistical calibre, which was mainly attributable to the steady increase in the
      scale of agency sales of wealth management services and the achievements in business transformation; income from
      agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB7.626 billion, up by 12.58% year-on-year, which was mainly
      attributable to the good performance of floating-income products driven by the capital market; income from agency
      distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB5.541 billion, down by 4.30% year-on-year, which was mainly
      due to the impact of the pandemic, which made it more difficult for banks to reach customers offline in the agency
      distribution of insurance policies conducted by commercial banks; income from agency distribution of precious
      metals amounted to RMB224 million, up by 86.67% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the increase
      in gold trading activity); income from bank card fees amounted to RMB19.474 billion, up by 0.14% year-on-year,
      which was mainly attributable to the impact of the pandemic, which curbed the growth in the fee income from
      debit card and credit card transactions; income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB12.601 billion,
      up by 9.95% year-on-year, which was mainly driven by the increase in income from e-payment; custodian fee
      income amounted to RMB4.215 billion, up by 16.92% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the growth in
      the scale of custody businesses and the continuous optimisation of business structure.
      Looking forward to 2021, the increase in net non-interest income will face many challenges upon the background
      that the M2 growth tends to decline and the risks of consumer loans will remain high. The Company will further
      consolidate the foundation for the development of intermediary businesses, continuously promote the transformation
      of business models, accelerate the optimisation and adjustment of customer structure, business structure, industrial
      structure and regional structure, and actively tap the potential to increase revenue. Net non-interest income
      is expected to maintain steady growth: the first is, by focusing on the main task to forge a “extensive wealth
      management system”, the Company will continuously promote digital transformation, explore the transformation of
      profit models, shift from sales orientation to customer value orientation, provide customers with non-stop financial
      services, and drive the growth in assets under management (AUM) and the fee and commission income from wealth
      management; the second is, the Company will promote card binding and increase trading activity through various
      forms of transaction expansion, so as to drive the growth in the transaction volume of payment and settlement
      and fee income; the third is, the Company will deepen the integrated operation of wholesale customers and the
      transformation of “integrated investment banking and commercial banking” services, so as to become the principal
      bank and the first bank to approach core corporate customers, and at the same time, the Company will increase
      collaboration with its intra-group subsidiaries such as CMB Wealth Management, CMB International Capital and
      China Merchants Fund, to promote the increase in non-interest income from bond business, corporate wealth
      management business, custody business, transaction banking and other businesses; the fourth is to strengthen
      market analysis, improve trading capabilities, and achieve relatively stable and healthy increase in the income from
      financial market business and bill business during the fluctuating economic cycle and policy cycle.




2
      Fee and commission income from wealth management excluded RMB3.464 billion in the management fee income from the entrusted management
      of products of the Company recorded by CMB Wealth Management in 2020. The type of business was the Company’s entrusted wealth management
      business in the past and was included in the income from entrusted wealth management services. Starting from this period, it will be separately
      reflected in the income of CMB Wealth Management, and the comparable data for the corresponding period will be adjusted accordingly.
50   China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.    Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s deposits from customers was RMB5,407.927 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB777.239 billion or 16.78% as compared with the end of the previous year, reached
           a historical record high in the increase of deposits from customers and achieved a better deposit structure. The
           core deposits3 amounted to RMB4,710.519 billion, representing an increase of RMB1,027.508 billion, exceeding
           RMB1 trillion. The rapid growth in deposits from customers of the Company was due to, on the one hand, the rapid
           growth rate of M2, which has provided a favorable external environment for the growth of deposits from customers,
           and on the other hand, the Company constantly consolidated and strengthened its competitive advantages and
           made efforts to expand customer base while consistently striving to build itself as a Digital Bank and strengthening
           online marketing, which played an important role in acquiring new customers and absorbing additional funds from
           customers during the pandemic. The optimisation of the Company’s structure of deposits from customers was mainly
           due to the strengthening of its internal management, i.e. increasing the proportion of demand deposits by restricting
           the scale and price of large-denomination certificates of deposit, suppressing the scale of structured deposits, and
           deepening customer management. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s demand
           deposits was RMB3,600.652 billion, representing an increase of RMB816.123 billion as compared with the end
           of the previous year, and accounting for 66.58% of total deposits from customers, up by 6.45 percentage points
           as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of structured deposits was RMB267.025 billion,
           representing a decrease of RMB248.877 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for
           4.94% of total deposits from customers, down by 6.20 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
           year.
           Looking forward to 2021, against the backdrop of continued recovery of the domestic economy, China’s monetary
           and fiscal policies will continue to normalise, while the growth of M2 may not be as fast as in 2020. It is expected
           that the growth in deposits in the commercial banks may slow down. Meanwhile, as the competition for deposits
           among commercial banks will remain fierce, the Company will continue to face pressure from both growth in scale
           and cost control. To cope with the above challenges while maintaining high-quality growth in deposits, the Company
           intends to start from the following aspects: firstly, the Company will ensure the growth in volume and improvement
           in quality of deposits through reinforcing internal management measures, while continuing to optimise deposit
           structure and maintain our advantage of high demand deposit proportion; secondly, the Company will constantly
           expand the size of its customer base and broaden the sources of deposits; thirdly, the Company will continue to
           strengthen the volume and price control of high-cost deposits such as structured deposits and large-denomination
           certificates of deposit, and guide the cost of deposits from customers to go downward.



     4.    Investment of loans
           In 2020, the Company recorded an overall steady growth in its loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company’s total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB4,730.383 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB553.230 billion or 13.24% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which, retail loans increased
           by RMB315.998 billion or 13.57% as compared with the end of the previous year. Due to the pandemic, the
           growth of the scale of credit card loans fell below expectation, but the growth of personal housing mortgage loans,
           micro-finance loans and consumer loans contributed to the steady growth of the Company’s retail loans. Corporate
           loans maintained an overall steady growth. Credit resources directed to the strategic customers of the Head Office
           and branches increased by RMB134.637 billion or 8.29%; bill discounting increased by RMB102.595 billion or
           45.62% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the Company’s effective support to the credit
           demands of inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans and high-quality manufacturing enterprises by increasing bill
           assets in the second half of 2020.




     3
           The core deposits represent the internal management indicator in terms of the Company’s deposits, and its caliber is deposits from
           customers excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit, structured deposits and other high-cost deposits.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                           51
Annual Report 2020


      In 2020, in response to the decisions and arrangements of Central Committee of the CPC and the State Council
      on the overall prevention and control of the pandemic and the promotion of economic and social development,
      the Company earnestly carried out the policy for temporary deferment of repayment of the principal and interest,
      helped the customers who were actually affected by the pandemic mitigate repayment pressure of the principal
      and interest, and relieved the temporary operating difficulties of the enterprises brought about by the pandemic
      in a timely manner. During the reporting period, the loans granted to the customers who applied for deferment of
      repayment of the principal and interest in aggregate were RMB152.572 billion. Meanwhile, the Company continued
      to carry out risk screening, guided certain customers with their production and operation resumed and their normal
      debt repayment ability recovered to gradually pay the normal amount of the principal and interest; and for those
      customers whose operation deteriorated substantially during the period of deferment of repayment of the principal
      and interest and encountered non-temporary liquidity difficulties, the Company would form corresponding plans in
      a timely manner. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans granted to the customers who were
      still at deferment of repayment of the principal and interest was RMB21.909 billion. The Company will continue to
      strengthen its monitoring of customers who applied for the deferment of repayment of the principal and interest
      and keep such risks under effective control as the pandemic prevention and control efforts become normalised.
      In terms of inclusive finance, as at the end of the reporting period, the number of inclusive small- and micro-sized
      enterprise customers of the Company were 480,100, representing an increase of 20.80% as compared with the
      end of the previous year; and the balance of inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans4 was RMB530.650 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB77.321 billion or 17.06% as compared with the end of the previous year. During
      the reporting period, the Company newly granted inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans of RMB562.516 billion.
      The newly granted inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans had an average interest rate of 4.53%, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 48 basis points, which had strongly supported the development of real economy.
      Looking ahead to 2021, the Company will take into account both the macroeconomic situation and its internal
      development needs, adhere to its development strategy known as “One Body with Two Wings” and “Light-model
      Bank”. In terms of credit assets allocation, the Company will adhere to a prudent and sustainable approach.
      Specifically, retail loans are expected to continue to grow steadily as in 2020, with the growth of housing mortgage
      loans expected to slow down, mainly due to the Company’s needs of implementation of regulatory policies
      and optimisation of its own credit asset structure. While maintaining the risks under control, the Company will
      increase its granting of micro-finance loans and consumer loans, and credit card loans are expected to maintain a
      stable growth based on the effective risk prevention and optimisation of customer structure. Corporate loans are
      expected to increase slightly faster as compared with 2020, mainly due to the expected increase in loan demand
      of the Company’s corporate customers. Meanwhile, in terms of management strategy, the Company will continue
      to optimise the credit structure while constantly improving the comprehensive return on loans and increasing its
      support for the strategic customers of the Head Office and branches, the small-, medium- and micro-sized enterprise
      customers and inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans customers.




4
      Refers to the small- and micro-sized enterprise loans + private industrial and commercial business operating loans + small- and micro-sized
      enterprise operating loans with a single-account credit limit of RMB10 million, according to the calibre of the CBIRC, which is the full-scale
      RMB domestic calibre, including bill financing.
52   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     5.    Impact of the centralised management system for real estate loans on the
           Company
           In late 2020, the People’s Bank of China and the CBIRC jointly issued the Notice on Establishing a Centralised
           Management System for Real Estate Loans of Banking Financial Institutions (Yin Fa [2020] No. 322) (    《關於建立銀行
           業金融機構房地產貸款集中度管理制度的通知》(銀發[2020]322號)). According to the requirements of the document,
           the Company is categorised as a second-tier medium-sized domestic bank, and the maximum proportions of real
           estate loans and personal housing mortgage loans are 27.5% and 20%, respectively. The Company is committed to
           be the “Best Retail Bank in China”, and with the rapid growth of the retail finance over the years, the Company has
           gradually developed a business characteristic of having a higher proportion of existing real estate loans.
           Strengthening the centralised management and control of real estate loans is not only to implement the national
           macro requirements of prudent management, prevent potential systematic financial risks and maintain the safety of
           the financial system, but also an inherent need to promote the structural transformation of the Company’s business
           and achieve a balanced development of asset structure. The Company will firmly implement the requirements of the
           document, implement the centralised management of real estate loans and promote the smooth transition of related
           businesses in accordance with the policy requirements.
           The overall impact of this document on the Company is under control. While strictly implementing the requirements
           of the document, the Company will take this opportunity to actively lay out other high-quality assets, and strive to
           maintain stable asset returns by optimising the credit structure and flexibly adjusting the rhythm of asset allocation.
           On the one hand, in terms of the allocation of major categories of asset portfolio, the Company will increase the
           allocation of non-credit assets such as investment assets, bills assets and interbank assets to increase the proportion
           of non-credit assets. On the other hand, the Company will actively promote the development of businesses such as
           inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans, high-quality manufacturing industries, as well as consumer finance, new
           growth engine and new economy and supply chain finance under the premise of controllable risk, and continue to
           optimise the internal structure of credit assets.



     6.    The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
           During the reporting period, affected by surging credit card risks, both the formation amounts and formation
           ratios of the Company increased. Overall, in 2020, the Company recorded new non-performing loans formed
           of RMB56.143 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB11.928 billion, with a formation ratio of
           non-performing loans of 1.26%, up by 0.13 percentage point year-on-year. In terms of business category, the
           formation amount of non-performing corporate loans was RMB15.081 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.274
           billion year-on-year; the formation amount of non-performing retail loans (excluding credit cards) was RMB8.621
           billion, representing an increase of RMB1.369 billion year-on-year; due to the combined impact of the pandemic
           and “joint-debt” risk, the formation amount of new non-performing loans of credit cards was RMB32.441 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB13.833 billion year-on-year. From the regional perspective, the formation amounts
           and formation ratios of non-performing loans in the Head Office, Central China and overseas regions increased
           year-on-year, while those in other regions fell. From the industrial perspective, the formation amounts and formation
           ratios of non-performing loans in industries such as wholesale and retail, accommodation and catering, and
           production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water increased year-on-year. From the perspective
           of customer base, the formation amounts and formation ratios of non-performing loans to the large- and small-sized
           enterprises decreased year-on-year, while those to the medium-sized enterprises increased slightly as compared with
           the previous year.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       53
Annual Report 2020


      The Company has always adhered to prudent and stable customer selection and asset allocation, spurred by its
      sufficient risk compensation and strong capabilities of guarding against risks. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Company amounted to RMB228.216 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB11.273 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
      coverage ratio was 443.51%, representing an increase of 13.49 percentage points as compared with the end
      of the previous year; the loan allowance ratio was 4.82%, representing a decrease of 0.37 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year; the credit cost ratio for the reporting period was 1.03%, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 0.31 percentage point.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to step up its efforts in strengthening the disposal of
      non-performing loans, taking various approaches to reduce and dispose of risky assets. During the reporting period,
      the Company disposed of non-performing loans amounting to RMB54.929 billion, of which RMB30.438 billion was
      written off in a normal way; RMB12.123 billion was securitised as non-performing assets; RMB10.832 billion was
      recovered by collection; and RMB1.536 billion was disposed of by repossession, assignment, restructuring, upward
      migration, remission and other means.
      During the reporting period, the Company disposed of the eligible risky assets associated with its wealth
      management business by back-to-balance sheet arrangement including such assets under the investment financial
      assets in accordance with the regulatory policies such as the Optimising Transition Arrangement under New
      Regulation on Asset Management and Guiding the Smooth Transformation of Asset Management Business (       《優化資
      管新規過渡期安排 引導資管業務平穩轉型》                        ) issued by the People’s Bank of China. In 2020, the Company completed
      the disposal of wealth management assets by back-to-balance sheet arrangement with a total principal amount of
      RMB12.629 billion and made asset loss provision of RMB12.126 billion based on the expected credit loss model.
      In the future, the Company will work with CMB Wealth Management to optimise the post-investment inspection
      process, establish and improve the risk stratification tracking management, and enhance the multi-dimensional and
      full-coverage risk inspection mechanism to continuously strengthen the post-investment risk management of wealth
      management assets. For the new formation of non-performing wealth management assets during the transition
      period, subject to compliance with regulatory policies, the Company will consider the impact on its operation and
      make appropriate back-to-balance sheet arrangement, while strengthening the management after the completion of
      back-to-balance sheet arrangement, so as to promote the orderly commencement of the collection and disposal.
      Currently, the global economic environment is still complex. The pandemic and external situation still brings
      many uncertainties. The foundation of domestic economic recovery is not entirely solid. There are still various
      derivative risks as a result of the pandemic. The Company will still face challenges in managing the quality of its
      assets. In 2021, the Company will, on the one hand, continue to adhere to the management strategy of strict
      asset classification and full exposure of risks, and make efforts to reduce and eliminate various existing asset risks
      and prevent and control incremental asset risks; on the other hand, the Company will continue to optimise credit
      policies, enhance industry research and customer awareness, strengthen risk screening in key areas, efficiently
      dispose of non-performing assets, increase financial technology empowerment, reinforce the foundation of risk
      management, and strive to maintain asset quality at a relatively stable level.
54   China Merchants Bank                                 Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     7.    Asset quality in key areas
           The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
           indicated.
                                                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                                                                           Balance of     Percentage                  Percentage
                                                                   Balance of         Balance of Non-performing                special     of special    Balance of   of overdue
                                                                   Loans and     non-performing      loans ratio             mention        mention        overdue         loans
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             advances               loans            (%)                 loans      loans (%)          loans          (%)
           Corporate loans                                          1,758,951             29,767              1.69             11,389            0.65       25,096          1.43
           Discounted bills                                           327,479                  –                 –                459            0.14            –             –
           Retail loans                                             2,643,953             21,690              0.82             25,710            0.97       29,562          1.12
             Micro-finance loans                                      474,528              3,013              0.63              1,014            0.21        2,836          0.60
             Residential mortgage loans                             1,264,388              3,736              0.30              1,516            0.12        3,833          0.30
             Credit card loans                                        746,559             12,421              1.66             22,554            3.02       20,059          2.69
             Consumer loans                                           135,606              1,998              1.47                553            0.41        2,304          1.70
             Others(note)                                              22,872                522              2.28                 73            0.32          530          2.32
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                              4,730,383             51,457              1.09             37,558            0.79       54,658          1.16

                                                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                                                            Balance of     Percentage
                                                                    Balance of         Balance of   Non-performing              special     of special   Balance of   Percentage
                                                                    Loans and     non-performing        loans ratio           mention         mention      overdue    of overdue
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)              advances               loans              (%)               loans      loans (%)         loans    loans (%)
           Corporate loans                                          1,624,314             33,377              2.05             21,298            1.31       33,036          2.03
           Discounted bills                                           224,884                 19              0.01                544            0.24            –             –
           Retail loans                                             2,327,955             17,054              0.73             27,457            1.18       27,890          1.20
             Micro-finance loans                                      405,149              3,284              0.81              1,326            0.33        3,436          0.85
             Residential mortgage loans                             1,098,547              2,747              0.25              1,305            0.12        3,667          0.33
             Credit card loans                                        670,921              9,032              1.35             24,147            3.60       18,342          2.73
             Consumer loans                                           123,691              1,461              1.18                552            0.45        1,855          1.50
             Others (note)                                             29,647                530              1.79                127            0.43          590          1.99
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                                              4,177,153             50,450              1.21             49,299            1.18       60,926          1.46

           Note:         Consists primarily of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other personal loans secured
                         by monetary assets.


           In response to changes in external macro-economic situation, the Company proactively enhanced the risk
           management and control in key areas such as credit bonds investments, consumer credit business, real estate
           industry, local government financing platforms, the industries for which our loans should be reduced or withdrawn.
           Risk management and control for credit bond investments
           During the reporting period, defaults in the bond market continued to occur. In particular, the successive defaults
           of local state-owned enterprises with better market ratings caused greater market volatility. The Company has
           always maintained a high degree of risk sensitivity, strengthened the flexibility management of bond investments,
           and gradually established a risk management system of credit bond investments. Benefiting from the Company’s
           adoption of risk management measures such as limit control, strict access, process optimisation, and dynamic
           pre-warning, this wave of credit bond defaults has a relatively small impact on the Company, and the quality of our
           credit bond investment assets is relatively good. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s proprietary
           investment in credit bonds amounted to RMB267.645 billion, representing an increase of RMB59.653 billion
           as compared with the end of the previous year, and the non-performing ratio was 0.19%, which stayed flat as
           compared with the end of the previous year. In 2021, under the background that the social financing and external
           liquidity are expected to be in an overall tight-balance period due to the changing pandemic, some companies with
           downward operating, high leverage and concentrated debt maturity will face greater debt repayment pressure. It is
           expected that the default risk in the credit bond market will continue to be exposed. However, with the introduction
           of a series of national policies to regulate the development of the bond market and maintain the stability of the
           bond market, investors won’t count on the “guaranteed yields” and bond market risks will be disposed in an orderly
           manner. It is expected that the Company’s credit bond investment business risks will be generally controllable in
           2021.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                          55
Annual Report 2020


      Risk management and control for consumer credit business
      During the reporting period, the overall risk of the consumer finance industry continued to rise, and asset quality
      management faced greater challenges. Affected by the impact of the pandemic, the scale and proportion of the
      Company’s consumer credit business under collection procedure increased rapidly in the first half of 2020, with a
      periodical increase in overdue and non-performing loans. As the resumption of work and production continued to
      advance in the second half 2020, the domestic economy showed a trend of resuming growth, and the Company’s
      leading indicators of consumer credit business have gradually recovered. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s credit card loans recorded 1.66%, an increase of 0.31 percentage point
      from the end of the previous year, but a decrease of 0.19 percentage point from the end of the first half of 2020;
      the non-performing loan ratio of our personal consumer loan was 1.47%, an increase of 0.29 percentage point
      from the end of the previous year. Looking forward to 2021, given that there is still uncertainty about the changes
      in the pandemic, the employment, income and consumption of residents are still recovering, in addition to factors
      such as joint debts, it is expected that the risk management and control of consumer credit business will continue
      to face challenges. The Company will closely follow changes in the external environment, adhere to a prudent risk
      preference and a robust risk strategy, focus on value-based customer operations, continuously optimise customer
      base and asset structure, dynamically adjust and deploy risk management strategies, accelerate the disposal of
      non-performing assets, and strive to maintain a relative stability in asset quality of consumer credit business.
      Risk management and control for real estate credit business
      The Company attached great importance to the risk prevention in the real estate sector. The Company optimised
      its internal credit policy in a dynamic manner according to the policies on adjustments to the real estate industry,
      regulatory requirements and industrial developments in active response to the guidance of national policy in
      accordance with the overall strategy of “total volume control, prudent access, focus on regions, adjustment of
      structure, and strict management”. As of the end of the reporting period, the risk exposure of our businesses
      with domestic real estate enterprises (calculated on the broad statistical calibre) amounted to RMB597.410 billion
      (including businesses such as actual and contingent credit, bond investments, proprietary trading and investment
      of wealth management products in non-standardised assets), representing an increase of RMB89.079 billion as
      compared with the end of the previous year. Included therein was the balance of real estate loans to domestic
      enterprises which amounted to RMB311.430 billion, representing an increase of RMB27.167 billion as compared
      with the end of the previous year, accounting for 6.58% of the total loans and advances granted by the Company,
      down by 0.23 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year and were mainly granted to the
      quality strategic customers while putting a strict curb on the grant of any incremental loans to those customers
      not in the strategic customer list. As of the end of the reporting period, the assets in the domestic real estate
      enterprises were of good quality with a non-performing loan ratio of 0.22%, down by 0.14 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the previous year. In 2021, under the influence of new regulatory policies such as new
      financing regulations set out the “limits for three financial ratios (三道紅線)” and the management of commercial
      banks’ real estate loan concentration, it is expected that some real estate companies with high leverage ratios,
      heavy interest-bearing liabilities, and a high proportion of projects in third and fourth tier cities might experience
      deterioration in corporate financing capacity and repayment situation, resulting in an increase in financial pressure.
      The Company will continue to adjust the structure of real estate customers and regional assets, focusing on central
      cities and strategic customers. It is expected that asset quality in the real estate sector will remain relatively stable
      under the condition that there are no major changes in the macro environment and industrial policies.
56   China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Risk management and control for local government financing platform business
           The Company strictly implemented the State’s requirements to continue strengthening local governments’ debts
           management, while preventing and defusing the risks on local governments’ implicit liabilities and further regulating
           the financing platforms as well as the investments and financing activities conducted by local state-owned
           enterprises. The Company strictly performed legal procedures, and insisted on operating in compliance with
           laws and regulations. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of risk exposure of our businesses with
           local government financing platforms of the Company (calculated on the broad statistical calibre) amounted to
           RMB248.297 billion (including businesses such as actual and contingent credit, bond investments, proprietary
           investments and fund investments of wealth management products), representing a decrease of RMB7.911 billion as
           compared with the end of the previous year. Among which, the balance of loans to domestic companies amounted
           to RMB114.902 billion, representing an increase of RMB8.727 billion as compared with the end of the previous
           year, and accounted for 2.43% of the total loans and advances granted by the Company, down by 0.11 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, due to the macroeconomic
           downturn and other factors, individual enterprises were exposed to risks. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           non-performing loan ratio of the local government financing platform business was 0.55%. In 2021, the Company
           will adhere to commercial principles, resolutely get rid of the mindset that the government will guarantee the
           fallback, carefully selected its business based on the degree of the coverage of its debts by the operating cash flow
           of projects and customers in accordance with the overall principle of “supporting preferential clients in selective
           areas in compliance with regulatory requirements and through quota management, emphasising self-compensation
           and through city-specific policies”. Besides, for the general bond financing of local government, the Company will
           select the regional issuers with more developed economy and stronger debt bearing capacity; for the special bonds
           of local government, the Company will choose the projects listed in the national key planning and construction
           to carry out the bond investment business on the premise of full risk assessment. Against the backdrop that the
           national fiscal and financial policies remain stable, it is expected that the quality of the Company’s assets granted to
           local government financing platforms will remain stable.
           Risk management and control for industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from
           For the 16 industries5 that we have reduced or withdrawn from, the Company continued to implement the strategy
           of customer classification management, raise its entry threshold for customers, continued to promote asset and
           customer restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period, the business financing exposure to the industries that
           we have reduced or withdrawn from (calculated on the full statistical calibre) amounted to RMB123.822 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB1.562 billion as compared with the beginning of the year, and was mainly granted
           to the quality strategic customers and customers on the whitelist at Head Office and branches. The non-performing
           loan ratio of industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from was 4.21%, down by 1.79 percentage points as
           compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by a continued decline in the risk exposure to and the scale
           of individual major customers, the non-performing loan ratio of 3 industries including nonferrous metal smelting
           and calendaring, fertilizer manufacturing and water transport was higher than that at the beginning of the year,
           while the non-performing loan ratio of the other 13 industries was lower than that at the beginning of the year. In
           2021, for industries that we have reduced or withdrawn from, the Company will continue to focus on supporting
           leading enterprises in industries and regional quality enterprises closely related to people’s livelihood, prioritised
           loans satisfying green credit financing needs related to energy conservation and environmental protection and
           technological upgrading, devoted efforts to reduce and withdraw from customers associated with significant risks,
           low-end technology customers or those with overcapacity issues, enterprises with high leverage and “zombie
           enterprise”. It is expected that the overall risk in these industries is controllable in 2021.




     5
           The 16 industries refer to coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical, commonly used metal ore mining,
           nonferrous metal smelting and calendaring, shipbuilding, glass, water transport, textile and chemical fiber, photovoltaic, fertiliser, machine
           tool and synthetic material manufacturing.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       57
Annual Report 2020


8.    Capital management
      The Company continued to optimise its business structure and enhance capital management. During the reporting
      period, the Company satisfied the minimum capital requirements, reserve capital requirements and counter-cyclical
      capital requirements imposed by the CBIRC, with relatively adequate capital buffer.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of the Company’s risk-weighted assets under the Weighted
      Approach to total assets was 66.85%; the percentage of risk-weighted assets under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach to total assets was 57.27%, lowered by 9.58 percentage points as compared to that under the Weighted
      Approach, indicating an effective saving in capital. The risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC, before tax) under the
      Advanced Measurement Approach was 24.33%, significantly higher than the cost of capital.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the
      floor requirements during the parallel run period) under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company was
      8.20%, lower than the growth rate of risk-weighted assets under the Weighted Approach of 10.99%. As at the end
      of the reporting period, the Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach and the Weighted Approach increased as compared with the end of the previous year, thus achieving the
      endogenous growth of capital.
      The Company adhered to the development strategies of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, and
      constantly promoted the innovation and development of assets securitisation business to provide room for capital
      saving. During the reporting period, the Company issued a total of 19 asset securitisation projects through the
      inter-bank market with a total issue size of RMB78.183 billion. The underlying assets included credit card loans, auto
      installment loans, personal housing mortgage loans and non-performing loans.
      With the approval of the CBIRC and the People’s Bank of China, the Company issued Undated Additional Tier
      1 Capital Bonds in China’s national inter-bank bond market with an issue size of RMB50 billion on 9 July 2020.
      The funds raised, after deducting the necessary issuance fees, have been used to supplement the Company’s
      additional Tier 1 capital based on applicable laws and regulatory approvals. For details, please refer to the relevant
      announcements published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
      Company. The Company will continuously improve the level of shareholder returns through various methods such as
      improving the efficiency of capital utilisation and optimising the structure of assets and liabilities.
      In recent years, the regulatory documents in specific areas such as the “Assessment Methods for Systemically
      Important Banks (《系統重要性銀行評估辦法》                )” and “Notice on the Establishment of Counter-cyclical Capital Buffer
      Mechanism ( 《關於建立逆週期資本緩衝機制的通知》                      )” have been issued in succession. The international regulatory
      reform has continued to advance, and the final reform plan of Basel III will be fully implemented in the next few
      years. The Company will continue to uphold the principles of fund generation and accumulation mainly from
      internal resources and capital replenishment through external resources as additional assistance and focus on the
      construction of extensive wealth management value system, while constantly enhancing refined capital management,
      optimising capital sources allocation, increasing the application of the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC), the
      economic value added (EVA) and other valuation indicators, tracing the progress of international capital regulatory
      reform, continuing to implement the internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (ICAAP), keeping a dynamic
      balance of supply and demand of capital, comprehensively planning the use of various capital instruments and
      achieving fund-raising through various channels and ways. Through the above efforts, the capital adequacy ratio of
      the Company is expected to achieve its goals, i.e. the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy
      ratio and the capital adequacy ratio will reach and maintain above 10.0%, 11.0% and 13.0%, respectively, in 2021
      to 2023. The above capital planning scheme is subject to consideration and approval at the 2020 Annual General
      Meeting of the Company.
58   China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     9.    Transformation of corporate customer services
           The Company adhered to the “Light-model Bank” strategy, leveraging on traditional credit support, managed to
           meet the all-round and multi-level financial needs of corporate customers through various ways such as direct
           investment in equity interest, wealth management funds, proprietary investment, bill financing, bond underwriting
           and others. The Company facilitated the development of the real economy with the service concept of “integrating
           investment banking and commercial banking” and made several achievements.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of aggregate financing products to customers (FPA)
           was RMB4,259.175 billion, representing an increase of RMB570.256 billion over the beginning of the year, among
           which, the balance of traditional financing6 was RMB2,245.767 billion, representing an increase of RMB211.359
           billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of non-traditional financing 7 was RMB2,013.408 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB358.897 billion over the beginning of the year. The balance of non-traditional
           financing accounted for 47.27% of the balance of aggregate financing to customers, representing an increase of
           2.42 percentage points over the beginning of the year.
           During the reporting period, the Company built and gradually improved the asset sales platform serving the concept
           of “integrating investment banking and commercial banking”, and used Fintech methods to open up internal
           resource channels so as to strengthen the close cooperation with CMB Wealth Management, CIGNA & CMB Life
           Insurance and CM Securities, and expand the ecosphere which was formed through cooperation with various
           funders and managers, such as trust companies, mutual funds, securities companies and insurance companies. The
           Company provided unified financial services featuring “integrating investment banking and commercial banking”
           by virtue of light operations such as bond sales, corporate wealth management, market transactions (matching),
           syndicated distribution, from the customers’ perspective instead of the perspective of single assets, making efforts
           to become a transactional resource integrator, and accomplishing differentiated competition. Focusing on corporate
           direct financing, the Company helped enterprises obtain bond financing support at a lower cost. During the
           reporting period, Company ranked the third as the lead underwriter in terms of the amount of corporate credit
           bonds underwritten. Through M&A financing services, the Company has established comprehensive and in-depth
           cooperative relationship with some leading enterprises in industry.




     6
           Traditional financing comprises of general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills), acceptance,
           letters of credit, financial guarantees and non-financial guarantees.
     7
           The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing wealth
           management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing, cross-border coordination
           financing and leading syndicated loans.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       59
Annual Report 2020


      At the same time, the Company has actively explored business model innovation and accumulated extensive
      experiences in successfully supporting advanced manufacturing. Firstly, the Company pioneered the cross-branch
      supply chain business model featuring “provision of services by all branches in a collaborative manner to one
      enterprise and its industrial chain (全國做一家)”, which aims to build a bank-wide service network for core
      enterprises and their upstream and downstream segments along industrial chains, and relief the difficulties faced
      by small- and medium-sized companies for failure of obtaining financing with credit or asset pledge, and inspire
      the rapid growth of industrial chains while also reducing the remote operation costs and risk control costs of the
      Company’s credit business. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company served 80 core enterprises through
      such business mode, covering 5,120 suppliers, among which 4,000 suppliers were granted the financing support.
      Secondly, the Company continued to focus on innovative growth-oriented high-tech small- and medium- sized
      enterprises by promoting its Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼) plan and provided comprehensive financial services
      covering the full growth cycle and the entire value chain. During the reporting period, the number of IPO listed
      companies opening special fund-raising accounts with the Company was 167, accounting for 42.93% of the
      number of domestic listed companies for the year, with an increase of 12.88 percentage points as compared with
      the previous year, and won IPO fund-raising deposits of RMB152.118 billion with a market share of 36.38%,
      representing an increase of 26.79 percentage points as compared with the previous year. Thirdly, the Company,
      capitalising on the advantages of the integrated management of bill business, provided various enterprises with
      integrated services covering the full life cycle of bills, served as the principal bank for corporate bill settlement,
      established a comprehensive bill service platform named as the “Bill Manager (票據大管家)” at home, expanded
      bill settlement scenarios abroad by operating cash flow for forward settlement, seized the opportunity brought
      by “forward settlement by bill, short-term financing by bill, and bill asset standardisation”, and continuously
      strengthened product innovation around the bill management and customised financing needs of core customers in
      order to improve customer experience.
      In the future, against the background where the interest rates will further move downwards and the financial
      disintermediation will be accelerated, from the FPA perspective, with adherence to focusing on the customers’
      needs as the starting point, depending on the Bank’s on- and off-balance sheet financing base, and centering on
      the direct and indirect financing markets, fund sources consisting of existing funds of the Company and incremental
      funds on market, the Company will actively promote multi-dimensional development such as bond underwriting,
      matchmaking transactions, and financial leasing. According to market changes and the characteristics of different
      financing channels, the Company will provide customers with diversified services that meet their needs and back the
      development of real economy.



10.   Fintech
      The Company continued to increase investment in Fintech resources, and further promoted the digital transformation
      and development of the Bank and the upgrade of the 3.0 business model during strategic evolution on the
      “network, digital, and smart” basis.

      Constant transformation and upgrade of business model. The first was is to significantly enhance digital
      operations. The Company continued to take monthly active users (MAU) as the “North Star Metric” to carry out
      the construction of a digital operation system. The two major APPs, i.e. the“CMB APP”and “CMB Life APP” have
      become the main operating channels for retail customers. CMB Corporate APP and “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)”as
      the interbank online service platform have been constantly optimised. The Company continuously enriched the ways
      of interacting with customers through live streaming as a method and built an online and offline three-dimensional
      management system being themed by “headquarter – branches – sub-branches – relationship managers” by
      launching headquarter network operating service center, branch outlet online stores and wealth management
      relationship manager communication. The second was to yield remarkable results by digital operations. The Company
      built a digital customer acquisition model and continued to explore new growth drivers for customer acquisition.
      Number of wealth management customers using CMB APP, amount for wealth management transactions via CMB
      APP, and loan balances granted via CMB APP have continued to increase. The third was to make significant progress
      on ecological construction. The Company established a retail customer service ecosystem with rich scenarios featuring
      convenience, travel, meal coupons, and movie tickets and has achieved initial results. The Company supported the
      digital transformation of corporate customers by initiating various corporate service products such as Xinfutong (薪
      福通), Cash Management (CBS), Invoice Cloud (發票雲), AI customer service and others and established a digital
      connection with corporate customers.
60   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Constant improvement of digital management. The first was to comprehensively improve operation and
           management efficiency of the Bank. The Company set up an intelligent monitoring system for customer experience
           to promote the accelerated transformation of customer experience management from “Reactive” to “Proactive”.
           Relying on AI, voice recognition and other technologies to continuously improve intelligent customer service, the
           Company built an intra-bank collaborative office platform to improve work efficiency across the Bank. The second
           was to promote the online migration of the top ten high-frequency businesses based on customer-orientation and
           simplify the operations between customers and relationship managers, thereby effectively shortening business
           processing time, and optimising customer experience. The third was is to advance a comprehensive upgrade of
           risk management. In terms of transaction risk, an intelligent risk control platform known as “Libra System” was
           established to effectively intercept telecom fraudulent transaction; in terms of credit risk, an intelligent pre-warning
           system for corporate customers was established to achieve timely anticipated judgment and early warning of
           potential risks; in terms of market risk, a quantitative credit analysis model covering more than 90% of credit bond
           issuers on the market in China was set up to realise pre-warning of default risk associated with credit bond; in terms
           of compliance risk, AI pre-warning technology has been actively promoted in the field of anti-money laundering to
           improve the ability of automated risk monitoring.
           Preliminary construction of future-oriented technology base and capabilities. Firstly, with respect to cloud
           computing, an open IT architecture was created to boost the implementation of cloud migration across the Bank.
           Secondly, with respect to technology middle-office, Application Programming Interface (API) was used as a main
           co-share to promote the open choice and reuse of business and technical components. Thirdly, with respect to data
           middle-office, a unified data portal known as “Zhao Shu (招數)” was established to improve the Bank’s data analysis
           and data utilisation. Fourthly, with respect to AI, three major AI cloud services, i.e. customer service cloud, public
           opinion cloud and visual cloud have been improved increasingly.
           Constant improvement of system and mechanism with technical innovation. The Company constructed a
           normalised small team innovation model based on the “Dream-Sparking Program”, carried out innovative exploration
           through integrated project-based teams, and stimulated innovation vitality of the whole Bank.
           Looking forward to the future, the Company will focus on the main business concept of building an extensive
           wealth management system, further innovate and expand the content and scope of “network, digital, and
           intelligent” development, and use Fintech to comprehensively promote the digital transformation and upgrade
           of China Merchants Bank. The first is to further give impetus to business transformation and build new digital
           operation models and new capabilities. In respect of retail finance business, focusing on MAU and AUM, the
           Company will comprehensively promote ecological construction, take the lead in completing digital transformation
           and promote wealth management towards smart operation. In respect of corporate finance business, the Company
           will enhance customer management and asset organisation based on the concept of “integrating investment
           banking and commercial banking“, fully materialise online underlying business, focus on corporate digital services,
           and give priority to supply chains to continuously deepen industrial internet ecological operation. The second
           is to consolidate the core capabilities of comprehensive asset management, comprehensive risk control, and
           comprehensive operations to fully support business development. The Company will comprehensively form the core
           capabilities in investment research, trading, risk control and operation associated with asset management, establish
           a risk management system adapting to the extensive wealth management, continue to innovate risk control tools
           and improve the efficiency of business delivery to reduce operating costs with technology empowerment. The third
           is to continue to build future-oriented infrastructure with openness and intelligence as the core. The Company will
           promote the transformation of cloud architecture in an all-round way, build a technology middle-office on which
           empowerment is to be shared across the Bank and create a smart engine that supports business intelligence to fully
           support rapid business innovation. The fourth is to continue to optimise the Bank’s innovation mechanism, improve
           the small team innovation incubation mechanism, foster an innovation culture, and stimulate the Bank’s innovation
           vitality.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       61
Annual Report 2020



3.10 Business Operation
3.10.1 Retail finance business
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted to
      RMB63.560 billion, representing a decrease of 2.45% as compared with the previous year, mainly due to increased
      provision for credit impairment loss for the period. Net operating income from the retail finance business amounted
      to RMB155.082 billion, representing an increase of 8.79% as compared with the previous year and accounting
      for 57.98% of the net operating income of the Company. Among the income from retail finance, the net interest
      income amounted to RMB102.873 billion, representing an increase of 8.08% as compared with the previous year
      and accounting for 66.33% of the net operating income from retail finance; the net non-interest income amounted
      to RMB52.209 billion, representing an increase of 10.21% as compared with the previous year while accounting
      for 33.67% of the net operating income from retail finance and 59.34% of the net non-interest income of the
      Company. During the reporting period, the fee and commission income from retail wealth management of the
      Company was RMB25.840 billion, representing an increase of 32.83% as compared with the previous year and
      accounting for 50.77% of the net fee and commission income from retail finance; the Company recorded a fee
      income of RMB19.393 billion from retail bank cards, representing an increase of 0.29% as compared with the
      previous year.
      Retail customers and total assets under management from retail customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 158 million retail customers (including debit and credit
      card customers), representing an increase of 9.72% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which,
      the number of Sunflower-level and above customers (those with minimum daily average total assets of RMB500,000
      for each month) reached 3,101,800, representing an increase of 17.15% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. The balance of total assets under management from our retail customers amounted to RMB8,941.757 billion,
      representing an increase of 19.32% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among which, the balance
      of total assets under management from the Sunflower-level and above customers amounted to RMB7,345.587
      billion, representing an increase of 20.71% as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for
      82.15% of the balance of total assets under management from retail customers of the Bank. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company amounted to RMB1,899.370 billion,
      representing an increase of 13.45% as compared with the end of the previous year and ranking first among national
      small- and medium-sized banks according to data released by the PBOC. During the reporting period, the demand
      deposits accounted for 67.38% of the daily average balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company. As
      at the end of the reporting period, a total of 158,000,000 All-in-one Cards had been issued by the Company for
      retail customers, up by 6.76% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      The sudden outbreak of the pandemic in the first quarter of 2020 had certain negative impact on the Company’s
      retail customer acquisition, but with the effective prevention and control of the pandemic and the acceleration of
      the resumption of work and production, particularly benefited from the strong support of Fintech for online services,
      the multi-dimensional demands of retail customers has been efficiently responded and guaranteed. Retail customer
      acquisition has been improved significantly in the second quarter and the third quarter, the total assets under
      management from retail customers have grown rapidly, and the growth rate of assets under management from the
      Sunflower-level and above customers increased significantly as compared with the previous year. Facing the possible
      reoccurrence of the pandemic, as well as challenges due to intensified competition from peer companies in the
      same and other industries, the Company will adhere to the goal of creating the “bank offering the best customer
      experience”, vigorously practice the methodology of “openness and integration”, further strengthen customer base
      expansion and operation, constantly improve product creation and refined management capabilities, and strive
      to create value for customers, while adhering to the guidance of MAU as the “North Star Metric”, deepening the
      digital transformation of retail finance 3.0, strengthening the application of Fintech to support the development
      of online services, so as to broaden the service boundaries, create the ultimate best experience and expand
      differentiated leading edge in the era of mobile Internet.
62   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Wealth management
           In 2020, the Company recorded RMB2,217.172 billion in the balance of retail wealth management products as at
           the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 17.72% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Through seizing opportunities in the capital market recovery and blowout in customers’ need for fund allocation,
           the Company achieved the sales of non-monetary mutual funds of RMB610.704 billion, representing an increase of
           177.88% as compared with the previous year. The Company recorded RMB469.120 billion in agency distribution of
           trust schemes, representing an increase of 38.19% as compared with the previous year; and RMB84.015 billion in
           premiums from agency distribution of insurance policies, representing a decrease of 10.92% as compared with the
           previous year, which was mainly due to the pandemic, resulting in more difficulties in contacting customers through
           offline channels for agency distribution of insurance policies. In 2020, the Company recorded a fee and commission
           income from retail wealth management business of RMB25.840 billion, among which, income from agency
           distribution of funds amounted to RMB9.400 billion, income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to
           RMB7.059 billion, income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB5.540 billion, income from
           agency sales of wealth management services amounted to RMB3.618 billion and income from agency distribution of
           precious metals amounted to RMB223 million. For details of the reasons of changes in fee and commission income
           from wealth management, please refer to 3.9 “Net non-interest income” in this chapter.
           During the reporting period, facing intensifying market competition, the Company gave full play to its advantages
           in brand recognition, online and offline integration, and expertise in asset allocation and financial planning, focused
           on customer needs and developed refined classification and management based on customer portraits, and through
           “people + digital” approach, the Company further enhanced the professional capabilities of its front-line team,
           continued to promote the integrated online and offline digital transformation, innovatively created a comprehensive
           financial service system, and strived to provide customers with high-quality wealth management services. During
           the reporting period, the Company’s relationship managers established online business relationships with Golden
           Card Holder customers and Sunflower customers through the accessing functions of the APPs, serving 9,327,200
           customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.77%. The number of transactions completed was 2,246,100,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 296.76%. The transaction amounts were RMB472.549 billion, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 319.57%. At the same time, leveraging on technology and data, the Company constantly
           improved the compatibility of services to customer needs. Firstly, the Company improved the analysis and processing
           capabilities on customer behavior data to gain insights into customers’ in-depth needs. Secondly, the Company
           accurately identified customer wealth management needs and risk preferences, fully integrated business scenarios,
           built a complete marketing model system, assisted customers in achieving asset preservation and appreciation, and
           strived to win customers’ trust, so as to become the principal bank for customers’ wealth management.
           Private banking
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 99,977 private banking customers (retail customers of
           the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
           22.41% as compared with the end of the previous year; total assets under management from private banking
           customers amounted to RMB2,774.629 billion, representing an increase of 24.36% as compared with the end of the
           previous year; total assets per account amounted to RMB27.7527 million, representing an increase of RMB436,100
           as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 91 private
           banking centers and 64 wealth management centers in 76 domestic cities and 6 overseas cities, and has established
           a three-dimensional service network for high-end customers consisting of private banking centers, wealth
           management centers, “Special Features for Private Banking (私人銀行專區)” in CMB APP and the remote personal
           assistant team of the Network Operation Service Center.
           The private banking business of the Company is based on the operating philosophy of “It’s our job to build your
           everlasting family fortune”. The Company strived to provide professional, comprehensive, private and confidential
           private banking financial and non-financial services in areas of investment, taxation, legal affairs, mergers and
           acquisitions, financing and settlement for high-worth customers at the three levels of individuals, families and
           enterprises. Leveraging on its large and high-quality retail customer base, and through continuous improvement
           of professional capabilities, the Company gradually forged its competitive advantage focusing on the professional
           investment consulting service model. During the reporting period, the Company kept strengthening the integration
           of wholesale and retail services, online and offline services, financial and non-financial services and domestic and
           overseas services, strengthened customer expansion, and deepened its comprehensive operation and service to
           customers, so as to realise mutual benefit and win-win situation for customers and the Company. Meanwhile, the
           Company deepened the use of Fintech, accelerated its digital progress of private banking in improving accurate
           identification of customer needs, enhancing professional skills of relationship managers, offering professional
           financial solutions, and optimising internal operational procedures to promote efficient operation of business and
           better customer service experience.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         63
Annual Report 2020


      Credit cards
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 99.5316 million active credit cards,
      representing an increase of 4.44% as compared with the end of the previous year, and there were 66.7093 million
      active credit card users, representing an increase of 3.42% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      balance of credit card loans was RMB746.606 billion, representing an increase of 11.27% as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The percentage of revolving balances of credit cards was 20.78%. In 2020, the credit card
      transactions of the Company amounted to RMB4,341.071 billion, representing a decrease of 0.17% as compared
      with the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB56.338 billion, representing an increase
      of 4.33% as compared with the previous year. Non-interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB26.175
      billion, representing an increase of 0.72% as compared with the previous year.
      Affected by the global pandemic, and combined with the effect of multiple factors such as the domestic macro
      economy operating at a relative low level and in-depth structural adjustments, the asset quality of credit card of
      the Company showed certain fluctuations in the first half of 2020, relevant indicators such as balance of overdue
      credit card loans and non-performing loans faced the pressure of short-term and temporary increases. With the
      effectiveness of pandemic prevention and control domestically, and the support of relevant national corporate relief
      and work and production resumption policies, the Company took a multi-pronged approach and actively responded,
      thus various risk indicators for credit cards have been gradually stabilised since the second half of 2020. As at the
      end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s credit card loans was 1.66%, up
      by 0.31 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, and down by 0.19 percentage point as
      compared with the end of the first half of 2020. The Company will continue to pay attention to the development
      of the pandemic, closely monitor changes in the macro environment, continue to optimise the customer base and
      asset structure, and dynamically adjust and deploy risk management strategies. Since 2021, the Company will adopt
      a stable and low-volatility business model for its credit card business to effectively respond to the current risk cycle
      and achieve the balanced development of credit card business with “quality, efficiency and scale”.
      During the reporting period, facing the complicated and severe external environment, the Company focused on
      improving quality and efficiency, and adhering to an innovation-driven and technology-driven approach to ensure
      the healthy development of credit card business. Details include: under the background of the credit card business
      shifting from the incremental market to the existing market, active and constant optimisation of the customer
      base structure, continuous iteration and upgrade in the business capabilities of the teams, and improvement in
      customer acquisition efficiency; boosting consumption after the pandemic through multiple measures, expanding
      the business scenarios of “meal coupons (飯票)” and “movie ticket (影票)”, and promoting customer engagement
      and loyalty through marketing activities such as “Daily Red Pocket (天天紅包)”, “Monthly Little Koi (月月小錦鯉)”,
      “10 yuan Storm (10元風暴)”, “Free Chicken Leg for Mobile Payment (手機支付加雞腿)”; strengthening the product
      competitiveness of credit cards, conducting themed marketing for “Constellation Guardian Credit Card (星座守護
      信用卡)”, launching “Bilibili Co-branded Credit Card (bilibili聯名信用卡)”, and building a close connection between
      our brand and products with young people; adhering to asset structure optimisation and enhancing risk resistance
      capabilities of assets; promoting the digital transformation of consumer financial products and strengthening the
      ability to accurately match customer needs; consolidating smart service interaction capabilities, improving the
      efficiency and quality of interactive channels, optimising the construction of AI scenarios, and improving customer
      experience. In addition, the Company further deepened the operation of the CMB Life APP platform. For details of
      the CMB Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3 “Distribution Channels”.
64   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Retail loans
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB2,643.953 billion,
           representing an increase of 13.57% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 55.89% of
           the total loans and advances to customers, up by 0.16 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
           year. In particular, total amount of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans) reached RMB1,897.394
           billion, representing an increase of 14.51% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 40.11%
           of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing an increase of 0.44 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
           As to business development, during the reporting period, the Company has strived to ensure the financial services
           since the outbreak of the pandemic. For micro-finance loan business, the Company strengthened its efforts in
           supporting micro-finance loans, actively helped small- and micro-sized enterprises alleviate financing difficulties
           to support the resumption of work and production, and continued to improve the level and efficiency of financial
           services for small- and micro-sized enterprises based on Fintech. For residential mortgage loan business, the
           Company strictly implemented local real estate control policies in support of residents’ reasonable needs for their
           own homes, so as to realise the sound development of residential mortgage loan business. For consumer loan
           business, the Company strictly controlled the usage of consumer loans and carefully selected quality customers to
           reasonably satisfy the consumer loan needs. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance
           of residential mortgage loans of RMB1,264.388 billion, representing an increase of 15.10% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. The balance of micro-finance loans amounted to RMB474.528 billion, representing an
           increase of 17.12% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of consumer loans amounted to
           RMB135.606 billion, up by 9.63% as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the Company had 8,079,300 retail loan (excluding credit card loans) customers, representing an increase
           of 25.80% as compared with the end of the previous year. The rapid expansion of customer base was mainly
           attributable to the light customer acquisition model through online resources.
           As to the quality of assets, the Company managed to maintain a stable asset quality for retail loans by constantly
           optimising its strategies for risk management. However, due to the impact of the possible reoccurrence of the
           pandemic, the Company still faces significant uncertainties in the future. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of the special mention retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB25.710 billion, and its special mention
           retail loan ratio was 0.97%, down by 0.21 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           balance of non-performing retail loans amounted to RMB21.690 billion, and the non-performing loan ratio was
           0.82%, up by 0.09 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among non-performing retail
           loan portfolio, the non-performing ratio of micro-finance loans was 0.63%, down by 0.18 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year; the non-performing ratio of consumer loans was 1.47%, up by 0.29
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Excluding credit cards, the mortgage and pledged
           loans accounted for 81.34% of the new non-performing retail loans formed of the Company during the reporting
           period, the mortgage and pledge rate of above mortgage and pledged loans as at the end of the reporting period
           was 30.53%. Given that the vast majority of such new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by collaterals,
           the risks were under control.
           As to risk management, the Company continued to strengthen the construction of risk control system, while
           taking into account of changes in the external economic situation and the differences in different regions, so as to
           effectively improve risk management capability. Firstly, in terms of customer group selection, the Company insisted
           on selecting high-quality customers with a job and income in a stable industry as the major source of customer
           acquisition. Secondly, in terms of construction of quantitative risk control capability, the Company integrated
           the tags of internal and external customer to enrich risk identification dimensions, continuously improved the
           effect of quantitative models, and meanwhile introduced machine learning and relationship map algorithms and
           models to promote the coverage of the risk models to all processes and all products. Thirdly, in terms of post-loan
           management capabilities, the Company constantly improved digital post-loan management, and implemented
           full-life cycle quantitative risk monitoring and classified management, so as to ensure stable asset quality.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                                                  65
Annual Report 2020


3.10.2 Wholesale finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB50.767 billion,
      representing an increase of 12.70% as compared with the previous year. The net operating income from wholesale
      finance of the Company was RMB116.723 billion, representing an increase of 6.28% as compared with the previous
      year, and accounting for 43.64% of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income
      of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB81.075 billion, representing an increase of 9.23% as compared
      with the previous year, and accounting for 69.46% of the net operating income of wholesale finance; the net
      non-interest income of wholesale finance amounted to RMB35.648 billion, representing an increase of 0.15% as
      compared with the previous year, and accounting for 30.54% of the net operating income of wholesale finance
      business, and 40.52% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
      Wholesale customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers of the Company was 2,233,200,
      up by 6.42% as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate depositors
      during the reporting period was 397,000, contributing daily average deposits of RMB224.884 billion, among
      them, 19,700 newly acquired corporate depositors contributed daily average deposit of more than RMB500,000,
      and the proportion of the number of newly acquired corporate depositors that contributing daily average deposits
      of RMB500,000 and above increased by 1.10 percentage points as compared with the previous year. During the
      reporting period, the proportion of online customer acquisition increased to 21.82%, and the online centralised
      operation coverage rate for corporate customers reached 34.54%. During the reporting period, the withholding tax
      and social security transactions of the Bank amounted to 12,629,700, with a transaction amount of RMB852.165
      billion, representing an increase of 16.09% as compared with the previous year. The Company has established
      the corporate customer service system featuring segmentation and classification-based management, as well as
      professional and dedicated management in respect of strategic customers, institutional customers, small-sized
      enterprise customers, financial institution customers and offshore customers.
      With regards to its strategic customers, the Company adopted intensive management approach, focused on
      improving the professional service capabilities in the industry, and provided strategic customers with ecological
      services and a comprehensive service plan of “integrating investment banking and commercial banking”. As at
      the end of the reporting period, the number of the strategic customers under the Head Office of the Company
      was 2888, increasing by 6 as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of daily average proprietary
      deposits amounted to RMB734.844 billion, increasing by 20.90% as compared with the beginning of the year; the
      balance of general loans amounted to RMB621.331 billion, increasing by 23.17% as compared with the beginning
      of the year. The Company had 6,1429 branch-level strategic customers. The daily average balance of the proprietary
      deposits amounted to RMB545.406 billion. The balance of general loans amounted to RMB242.585 billion.
      With regards to its institutional customers, the Company, by deepening the “Head Office-to-Head Office” strategic
      cooperation with the national ministries and commissions in all-round, fully exploited the low cost “liquid funds”
      and “incremental funds” on fiscal, social security, public resource transactions, government-based companies,
      provident fund and other customer groups, supported the construction of convenient service scenarios, attracted
      large amount of funds into retail business, and at the same time continued to innovate cooperation models, seized
      the opportunity of special debts, so as to maintain the rapid growth of institutional customers. During the reporting
      period, the Company had 41,500 institutional customers, up by 17.23% as compared with the previous year, with
      an average daily deposit balance of RMB914.356 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.81%. The market
      coverage rate of whole process services for local governments’ special debts issuers at provincial level increased
      from 77.78% to 97.22%. Among the special debts issued nationwide, projects served by the Company amounted to
      RMB1.30 trillion, with a coverage rate of 36.65%, and retained deposits of RMB638.873 billion via capital for bond
      issuance, representing a year-on-year increase of 143.10%. The Company secured the qualification for offering the
      occupational annuity services in Guangdong and Zhejiang, with entrusted pension funds (including occupational
      annuity and enterprise annuity) amounted to RMB100.459 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 133.87%.




8
      The number of strategic customers at the Head Office level is that of the group customers as the strategic customers at the Head Office level operated
      by the Company in 2020.
9
      The number of strategic customers at the branch level is that of the corporate customers as the strategic customers at the branch level operated by the
      Company in 2020.
66   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           With regards to its small-sized enterprise customers, the Company continued to focus on the three major customer
           groups of “supply chain, new growth engine of Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼) and basic customer group”, and
           through the establishment of light customer acquisition through online channels, optimisation of account opening
           process, establishment of the lobby service system in outlets, online centralised operation of corporate customers,
           “AI + manual” smart business model, and enrichment of online and offline non-stop convenient government
           services for corporates and other measures, the Company established a new business model of “acquisition of
           customers in batches, centralised operation, online and offline integration” for small-sized enterprises. As at the end
           of the reporting period, the number of small-sized enterprise customers reached 2,122,100 (calculated on the Bank’s
           calibre), representing an increase of 133,400 as compared with the beginning of the year. The average daily deposit
           balance of small-sized enterprises amounted to RMB651.718 billion, representing an increase of RMB243.366 billion
           as compared with the beginning of the year. The increase accounted for 51.38% of the increase in the average daily
           deposit balance of corporate customers. Among which, demand deposits was RMB537.572 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB181.305 billion as compared with the beginning of the year, and demand deposits accounted for
           82.49%, which was 25.09 percentage points higher than the proportion of demand deposits in the average daily
           deposits balance of corporate customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 31,400
           registered customers under “Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼)”.
           With regards to its financial institution customers, the Company selectively expanded high-quality financial institution
           customers, carried out in-depth service of strategic financial institution customers under comprehensive service plans
           and used Fintech approach to quickly access to basic financial institution customers, so as to efficiently explore the
           financial value and platform value of its financial institution customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           numbers of strategic financial institution customers at the Head Office-level and branch-level reached 67 and 196,
           respectively.
           With regards to its offshore customers, the Company made full use of offshore platforms to serve non-resident
           customers, deepened the service for strategic customers and new growth engine customers, carried out
           segmentation and classified operations, implemented detailed name list management, and carried out “different
           policy for each bank” and “different policy for each account”, and promoted the professional operation of the
           industry, so as to play an important role in the cross-border service system. During the reporting period, the balance
           of deposits of the three types of non-resident customers at a point of time exceeded USD26.0 billion, representing
           an increase of over 80%; the international settlement volume was USD322.313 billion, representing an increase of
           over 20%.
           Corporate loans
           As at the end of the reporting period, total corporate loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,758.951 billion,
           representing an increase of 8.29% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 37.18% of
           total loans and advances to customers of the Company, and representing a decrease of 1.71 percentage points as
           compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of the medium- and long-term loans to
           domestic enterprises amounted to RMB1,012.826 billion, representing an increase of 24.89% as compared with the
           end of the previous year and accounting for 62.09% of the total loans to domestic enterprises, and representing an
           increase of 7.50 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio
           of our corporate loans was 1.69%, representing a decrease of 0.36 percentage point as compared with the end
           of the previous year; the weighted average default probability of the risk exposure of the domestic non-defaulting
           corporate customers was 0.74%, down by 0.25 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           The quality of corporate loan assets was stable.
           Since the underlying data is subject to adjustment or elimination as a result of change in classification of certain
           enterprises after they have grown larger in scale at the beginning of the year, the calibre of our large-, medium-
           and small-sized enterprises business at the beginning of the year was adjusted as compared to the end of the
           previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s loans granted to domestic
           large-sized enterprises amounted to RMB1,403.612 billion, representing an increase of 9.15% as compared with
           the beginning of the year, accounting for 86.05% of our total loans granted to domestic enterprises, down by
           0.52 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.66%,
           down by 0.24 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of the Company’s loans
           granted to domestic medium-sized enterprises amounted to RMB114.257 billion, representing a decrease of 14.21%
           as compared with the beginning of the year, and accounting for 7.00% of our total loans granted to domestic
           enterprises, down by 1.97 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan
           ratio was 4.09%, down by 0.60 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. The balance of the
           loans granted to domestic small-sized enterprises amounted to RMB113.412 billion, representing an increase of
           71.03% as compared with the beginning of the year, accounting for 6.95% of our total loans granted to domestic
           enterprises, up by 2.49 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year; the non-performing loan
           ratio was 1.33%, down by 2.30 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                           67
Annual Report 2020


      During the reporting period, the Company focus on the “Light-model Bank” strategy, continued to optimise loan
      structure, and closely followed national strategies, especially for the loans in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater
      Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Yangtze River Economic Belt, Chengdu and Chongqing City
      Cluster and other key areas. Meanwhile, guided by the national policies, the Company strengthened product
      innovation and loans in key areas such as pandemic prevention and control, manufacturing, private enterprises,
      green finance and inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans, and fully supported the real economy development.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of green loans of the Company was RMB207.133 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB30.360 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for
      11.78% of the total corporate loans of the Company; the balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was
      RMB171.415 billion, representing an increase of RMB25.668 billion as compared with the end of the previous year
      and accounting for 9.75% of the total corporate loans of the Company. For further details of loans extended to the
      sectors which are subject to the strict regulation of the nation, such as the real estate industry, the local government
      financing platforms and inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans, please refer to section 3.9 “Asset quality in key
      areas” and “Investment of loans”.
      During the reporting period, the Company developed online financing products for small-sized enterprise customers
      based on institutional scenarios and established a “3+1” product system featuring “channel, scenario and data”
      + “product”. Based on government procurement scenario, the Company launched Zhengcaidai (政採貸) version
      2.0; based on public resource trading scenario, the Company launched Toubiaodai (投標貸); based on export tax
      rebate scenario, the Company launched Tuishui Kuaidai (退稅快貸) version 2.0; and based on financial settlement
      scenario for small-sized enterprise customers and data from Interactions between Banks and Taxes (銀稅互動), the
      Company launched Jiesuan Liuliang Dai (結算流量貸). The Company also developed a mobile operating platform
      for small-sized enterprise customers, promoted the online process in conducting credit business for small-sized
      enterprise customers, enhanced its centalised approval efficiency and optimised customer experience.
      The main purpose of the Company’s syndicated loan business is to enhance interbank cooperation and information
      sharing, and to spread the risks associated with large-amount loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of syndicated loans amounted to RMB209.364 billion, down by 8.78% as compared with the end of the
      previous year.
      Bill business
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to consolidate the customer base of bill business, accelerated
      innovations in bill products, optimised business process and accelerated online migration, and laid a solid foundation
      for the development of bill discounting business. The Company had 116,621 customers of bill business, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 38.42%, and its bills direct discounting business amounted to RMB1,178.480 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.67%, but kept ranking second in the market in terms of business
      volume (data from China Banking Association). Among them, the bills online discounting business amounted to
      RMB325.940 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.42%, and the Company had 15,122 customers of
      bills online discounting business, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.94%. At the same time, the Company
      closely integrated the development of bill business with supply chain operations, and the volume of commercial
      acceptance bill discounting business has increased significantly. During the reporting period, the commercial
      acceptance bill discount business of the Company amounted to RMB105.687 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 109.10%, with a market share of 10.23% (data from Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation
      Ltd.), representing a year-on-year increase of 4.86 percentage points. As at the end of the reporting period, the bill
      discounting balance of the Company amounted to RMB327.479 billion, representing an increase of 45.62% from
      the end of the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively adhered to the bill rediscounting monetary policy of the central
      bank. Affected by the policy that the proportion of bill rediscounting conducted by the PBOC for local legal person
      financial institutions shall not be less than 50%, the business volume of bill rediscounting of the Company showed a
      downward trend. During the reporting period, the business volume of bill rediscounting amounted to RMB192.956
      billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.48%. As at the end of the reporting period, the bill rediscounting
      balance of the Company amounted to RMB71.696 billion, representing a decrease of 15.97% from the end of the
      previous year, but the market share of the Company kept ranking first in the industry (data from China Banking
      Association).
      During the reporting period, benefiting from the growth of bill business market, and the increase of transactions
      regarding discounted bills transferred to other financial institutions, the discounted bills transferred to other financial
      institutions amounted to RMB975.125 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 68.35%, ranking second in the
      market in terms of business volume (data from China Banking Association).
68   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Corporate customer deposits
           During the reporting period, the Company deepened system reform, achieved increase in both balance and quality
           of corporate customer deposits through segmented operation of customers, seized market opportunities and
           focused on key business scenarios to realised a stable growth in corporate deposits. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the balance of corporate customer deposits amounted to RMB3,508.557 billion, representing an increase
           of 18.67% as compared with the end of the previous year; the daily average balance amounted to RMB3,361.742
           billion, representing an increase of 16.14% as compared with the previous year; the demand deposits accounted for
           57.40% of the balance of the daily average deposits from our corporate customers, up by 2.74 percentage points
           as compared with the previous year. During the reporting period, the average cost ratio of deposits from corporate
           customers was 1.75%, down by 0.02 percentage point as compared with the previous year.
           Transaction banking business
           With respect to the settlement and cash management of fund from corporate customers, the Company accelerated
           the diversification and improvement of payment and settlement service system. Firstly, the Company integrated the
           collection points of various online and offline channels, integrated the Company’s All-in-one Net Payment (一網通
           支付), UnionPay Cloud QuickPass (銀聯雲閃付), WeChat Face Recognition Payment (微信人臉識別支付), third-party
           POS payment and other payment channels into aggregated collection, and expanded compound collection demands
           on the B+C side for new economy, consumption, medical and health care, insurance and other industries with
           the cooperation between corporate and personal businesses. During the reporting period, the business volume
           of aggregated collection was RMB203.673 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.89%. Secondly, the
           Company focused on three types of customer groups, namely the B2B e-commerce platforms in vertical fields, new
           economy platforms in retail section, and self-built sales platforms of core enterprises, providing corporate collection
           services that integrate online and offline, funds splitting and reconciliation, and interbank payment and settlement.
           During the reporting period, the business volume of B2B collection was RMB627.018 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 118.27%. Thirdly, the Company upgraded and built the “CBS+” treasury management
           open platform, to meet the needs of companies at different stages and develop multiple versions of the equity
           incentive system. The Company also acquired deeper understanding on the daily business activities of companies,
           and cooperated with high-quality third-party service providers to establish “CBS+ dealer collaboration” and “CBS+
           expense control and reimbursement” service plans. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company provided
           treasury management services to 3,146 group customers. The number of companies under the treasury management
           reached 102,200, and the number of transactions exceeded 26.5424 million. The coverage rate of the CBS corporate
           treasury management cloud platform for the Company’s strategic customers reached 29.17%, representing an
           increase of 6.17 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Fourthly, the Company actively
           explored the improvement on corporate services based on Fintech, the Invoice Cloud (發票雲) platform of the
           Company took the lead to realise online self-service invoicing for proprietary businesses, and the electronic rate of
           VAT general invoices was 79.79%. The service efficiency of invoice verification business improved by more than
           80%, the time taken for verification on a single transaction was shortened to seconds, and the number of customers
           served reached 11,258.
           With respect to domestic trade financing, the Company focused on providing online supply chain financing services
           for small- and medium-sized enterprises, so as to help optimise the business environment. Firstly, the Company
           built a supply chain financial service platform to achieve unified management of multiple upstream and downstream
           financing products; secondly, the Company promoted online contract signing in the payment agency business,
           the proportion of customers using online contract signing accounted for 72%, representing an increase of 64
           percentage points as compared with the previous year; thirdly, the Company carried out the pilot promotion of
           account receivable circulation platform to solve the difficulty of core enterprise’s credit penetration to upstream
           and downstream suppliers in the industry chain; fourthly, the Company innovatively launched the full-margin
           electronic letter of guarantee, realised the online migration of the whole process, and provided online solutions
           for the small-value, high-frequency guarantee business of the basic customer group. During the reporting period,
           the business volume of the Company’s domestic trade financing amounted to RMB600.825 billion, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 32.93%, and the business volume of domestic letter of guarantee amounted to RMB93.919
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.69%.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       69
Annual Report 2020


      With respect to its cross-border finance, the Company actively promoted the online migration of business process
      and differentiated services. Firstly, the Company opened a green channel for cross-border remittances for pandemic
      prevention and control, immediately responded to domestic enterprises’ cross-border purchase of pandemic
      prevention materials, and provided exclusive financial services. Secondly, the Company promoted the trading of
      goods using electronic bills. Thirdly, the Company realised the online operation of the whole process of import letter
      of credit, created two online processing channels of online corporate banking and CMB All-in-one Net (招銀一網
      通) for customers, and improved customer experience through functions such as intelligent verification, automatic
      filling by using history records and progress tracking. Fourthly, the Company seized the opportunity of new forms
      of foreign trade to launch the brand-new cross-border e-commerce collection platform. During the reporting period,
      the Company’s corporate international settlement amounted to USD255.521 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 64.85%. It provided cross-border RMB settlement services to 30,500 corporate customers, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 30.90%, and the RMB settlements amounted to RMB610.050 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 154.15%. The business volume of foreign exchange settlement and sales amounted to
      USD118.582 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.49%, and the business volume of international trade
      financing amounted to USD22.225 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.67%.
      Offshore banking business
      During the reporting period, the Company firstly enhanced lines of defense in risk management and anti-money
      laundering management, improved the acceptance standards for non-resident customers, established a normalised
      evaluation mechanism for anti-money laundering, and applied the relevant requirements regarding anti-money
      laundering and sanction compliance into various systems. Secondly, the Company continued to strengthen the
      advantages of non-resident account licenses, put more efforts in the integration and innovation of non-resident
      products, and at the same time responded to the national strategies to comprehensively promote the development
      of free trade business, and took the lead in completing the acceptance and launch of FTU system in the tier-2
      branch of Sanya. Thirdly, the Company fully utilised technology to promote the digital transformation of offshore
      banking business, realising the systematisation of data reporting, the electronisation of business processes, the
      mobilisation of corporate remittances and the online operation of trade financing.
      Investment banking business
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to improve its service capabilities of “integrating investment
      banking and commercial banking”. By focusing on the operations of the strategic customers of the Head Office and
      branches, the Company established relationships with customers through investment banking business and further
      deepened cooperation to drive the linkage between corporate and personal businesses, achieving a satisfactory
      development in investment banking business while enhancing the influence of the Company in the market.
      With respect to its bonds underwriting business, despite a complex and volatile environment for issuance, the
      bonds with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to RMB791.161 billion during the reporting period,
      representing a year-on-year growth of 21.11%, which was attributable to a series of measures taken by the
      Company, such as strengthening the establishment of sales system, integrating internal resources, optimising
      business processes and enhancing product innovation capabilities. The Company actively participated in the issuance
      of innovative bonds and the underwriting of debt instruments for equity purpose. During the reporting period,
      the Company led the underwriting of the first commercial mortgage-backed note (CMBN) with a special purpose
      vehicle (SPV) structure in the market, the first LPR-based floating-rate debt financing instrument of the state-owned
      enterprise, the first debt financing instruments for pandemic prevention and control, the 10-year debt instrument
      with the lowest coupon rate among similar bonds of the year and the first batch of standardised bills, etc.
      With respect to its M&A financing business, under the unfavourable domestic and overseas situations, the company
      focused on key business areas such as mixed ownership reform of state-owned enterprises, private placements and
      mutual fund of real estate investment trusts (REITs), and continued to integrate internal and external resources.
      While meeting the financing needs of customers, the Company achieved rapid development in the M&A financing
      business, and established comprehensive and in-depth cooperative relationships with a group of leading enterprises
      in the industry through M&A financing services. During the reporting period, the Company achieved M&A financing
      of RMB158.439 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 55.43%.
      With respect to its structural financing business, the Company strived to promote the development of two major
      business segments, namely corporate agency sales products and proprietary non-standardised business, and
      organised and created high-quality assets based on the needs of high-quality customers and listed companies for
      various time-based financial management business, supporting services of direct equity financing, credit financing
      and equity-like financing. During the reporting period, the Company realised structural financing of RMB105.634
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 270.59%.
70   China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company continued to strengthen the establishment
           of sales system, actively promoted the segmentation-based operation of customers, utilised the advantages of the
           linkage between the asset organising and sales, and facilitated the transformation and innovation of corporate
           wealth management products to achieve efficient matching of different types of high-quality assets and funds with
           different risk appetites. During the reporting period, the Company achieved sales of corporate wealth management
           products of RMB2,620.681 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.77%.
           With respect to its market transaction business, the Company continued to promote the update and iteration of the
           “Zhao Tou Xing (招投星)” system and the “Zhao Tou Xing (招投星)” WeChat applet, and leveraged on Fintech to
           build it into an “external sales platform for all types of assets of investment banks”, which realised the release and
           intelligent matching of investment and financing needs, thus promoting the rapid development of business. During
           the reporting period, the financing scale of market transactions (matching services) of the Company amounted to
           RMB218.725 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 89.21%.
           Financial institution business
           With respect to its financial institutions asset and liability business, the Company focused on the needs of financial
           institutions clients, the orientation of market price and the requirements of the Bank’s liquidity management to
           conduct business. During the reporting period, the daily average balance of financial institution deposits of the
           Company amounted to RMB601.622 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.33%. Among them, the
           daily average balance of financial institution demand deposits from fund clearing, settlement and depository service
           amounted to RMB500.259 billion, accounting for 83.15% of the total balance, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 5.77 percentage points.
           With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository service was in stable
           operation, with third-party depository services extending to 103 securities companies and 12,283,900 customers
           secured at the end of the reporting period. In addition, the Company entered into cooperation with 87 securities
           companies on margin trading and short selling business, securing 460,100 customers at the end of the reporting
           period. Also, the Company entered into cooperation with 58 securities companies on stock options business,
           securing 36,600 customers at the end of the reporting period, and entered into cooperation with 132 future
           companies on fund transfer, securing 227,800 customers at the end of the reporting period.
           With respect to interbank clearing, as at the end of the reporting period, the number of the cross-border RMB
           accounts opened by banks and other financial institutions with the Company accumulated to 275, ranking first
           among all small- and medium-sized banks in China (according to the data released by the PBOC). There were 241
           customers which participated indirectly through the Company in the RMB Cross-border Interbank Payment System
           (CIPS), ranking first among all small- and medium-sized banks in China and second in the industry (according to the
           data released by the CIPS), both representing a rise of one place as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With respect to the businesses on interbank online service platform, as at the end of the reporting period,
           the number of financial institutions registered on the “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” platform of the Company
           reached 2,778, and during the reporting period, the online business volume amounted to RMB1,107.502 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 16.60%, among which, the agency sales of third-party products amounted
           to RMB418.754 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 98.33%.
           Asset management business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of wealth management products under management (excluding
           structured deposits) 10 by CMB Wealth Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company amounted to
           RMB2.45 trillion, representing an increase of 11.87% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
           them, off-balance sheet wealth management products accounted for 99.97%; the balance of the funds raised from
           off-balance sheet wealth management products ranked second in the market.
           During the reporting period, the Company made great efforts to support all the work of CMB Wealth Management
           Company Limited, scoring a number of achievements in business transformation, enhancement of risk management
           and control and other aspects.




     10
           The balance of wealth management products (excluding structured deposits) is the sum of customers’ principal in the on- and off-balance sheet wealth
           management products and the changes in net value of net-value products as at the end of the reporting period.
China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                              71
Annual Report 2020


      Firstly, the Company continued to promote business transformation and development. After making adjustments
      to the overall arrangements for the transition period of New Regulation on Asset Management, CMB Wealth
      Management focused on the optimised rectification plan to promote business transformation in a smooth and
      orderly manner. On the one hand, the Company continued to upgrade, reduce and withdraw old products. On
      the other hand, the Company expanded the types of new products and accelerated the launch and sales of new
      products. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of new products11 amounted to RMB1.66 trillion,
      representing an increase of 141.78% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 67.76% of
      the balance of wealth management products (excluding structured deposits), up by 36.54 percentage points as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
      Secondly, the Company established a stable and comprehensive system for risk management and control.
      Based on the common practice and net value-based transformation of the asset management industry, the
      Company comprehensively sorted out and improved the risk management system, formulated the risk appetite
      of the Company, and regularly evaluated major risk indicators. The Company established a customer credit limit
      management system and formulated exposure measurement plans for counterparty credit risk. Meanwhile, the
      Company continued to improve the rating coverage rate of bond-issuers and project entities, and formulated and
      implemented asset risk grading and pricing plans.
      Asset custody business
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB16.05 trillion,
      representing an increase of 21.32% compared to the end of the previous year, and maintained second in the
      domestic custody industry in terms of scale of custody and ranked first in terms of increment according to the data
      released by China Banking Association. During the reporting period, the Company realised a custodian fee income of
      RMB4.215 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.92%. The Company ranked fourth in terms of revenue
      in the domestic custody industry according to the data released by China Banking Association.
      During the reporting period, the Company focused on customers and leveraged on its expertise to upgrade service
      content, achieving the steady development of its custody business. Firstly, the Company activated the systematic
      emergency response mechanism during the pandemic, optimised business processes and comprehensively improved
      its risk management capabilities in custody business to ensure the performance of its duties as the trustee. Secondly,
      during the reporting period, the scale of custody of mutual fund, insurance and wealth management products of
      other banks exceeded RMB1 trillion for the first time, among which the number of newly issued mutual fund was
      184, representing a year-on-year increase of 49.59%, and the scale of custody amounted to RMB418.2 billion in
      total, representing a year-on-year increase of 140.48%. The Company ranked first in terms of the custody number
      and scale of newly issued mutual fund in the industry (WIND public data), while constantly optimising the structure
      of custody business. Thirdly, in light of the pain points of asset management institutions in investment transactions,
      middle- and back-office operations and other aspects, we upgraded the service content and launched a personalised
      “custody plus (託管+)” value-added service system throughout the entire life cycle of asset management products,
      which consolidated the market position of the Company in the domestic custody industry.
      Financial markets business
      During the reporting period, the situations of the domestic and foreign economies and financial market were
      complex and volatile, and the interest rate of the bond market fluctuated drastically. Affected by the domestic
      pandemic outbreak at the beginning of the year and the subsequent economic recovery, the RMB exchange rate first
      depreciated and then rose, and the price elasticity further increased. The price of precious metals rose sharply due to
      the weakening of the US Dollar and its lower real yield.
      With respect to RMB bond investment, through in-depth research and analysis of domestic and foreign macro
      economic situations as well as the monetary and financial policies, the Company anticipated market trends,
      captured market opportunities, managed and controlled market risks and credit risks. During the reporting period,
      the Company continued to optimise the asset allocation structure and flexibly adjusted the positions and portfolio
      duration of RMB bonds investment. In the beginning of 2020 when bond prices were relatively low, the Company
      concentrated on buying long-duration products, and took the profit and sold the bonds in the first quarter when
      bond prices were relatively high. Subsequently, the Company conducted range trading operations in the second
      and third quarter and continued to buy long-duration products in the fourth quarter. While receiving stable yields
      of the core holding, the Company improved the overall yields the portfolio by receiving yields from the spread of
      range trading operations. In 2020, the default amount of credit bonds hit a record high. After taking measures
      such as strengthening access review and post-investment management, the Company successfully avoided many
      major bond credit risks, and the non-performing rate of proprietary-invested credit bonds was much lower than the
      average default rate in the bond market. With respect to foreign currency bonds investment, the Company decisively
      increased its investment in USD bonds of domestic enterprises listing overseas in the first quarter of 2020 based on
      the judgement of the international economic situation and market trends. Meanwhile, the Company appropriately
      adjusted the portfolio duration of foreign currency bonds investment to grasp the opportunities arising from
      fluctuation in the spread of credit bonds, and increased range trading operation to effectively improve portfolio
      yields.


11
      New products are wealth management products in compliance with the relevant provisions of the New Regulation on Asset Management.
72   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           With respect to foreign exchange transactions, the Company proactively studied the impact of the pandemic on
           global macro-economy and focused on the differences between domestic and foreign economic fundamentals and
           monetary policies to fully grasp the operating characteristics of the global foreign exchange market and the rhythm
           of the two-way fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate under the pandemic. With various trading instruments as well
           as flexible trading exposure management and active market-making strategies, the Company achieved satisfactory
           results in promoting related businesses.
           With respect to precious metals trading, the Company predicted the rise of precious metals under the situation of
           weakened US Dollar and its lower actual yields through in-depth research, comprehensively used multiple trading
           instruments and trading strategies such as spots and options to grasp the fluctuation of precious metal prices in the
           market, and actively participated in the relevant market-making transactions in the market to achieve good returns
           on investment transactions.
           With respect to customer transaction business, the Company seized market opportunities in exchange rates, interest
           rates and precious metal market, actively optimised service of online customer transaction to improve the efficiency
           and experience of customer transaction, comprehensively used various financial instruments to customise transaction
           plans for the customers to reduce risks and financing costs, and continued to improve the “CMB Hedging (招銀避
           險)” service system for wholesale customers. The effect of risk management on customer transaction business was
           significant, and there were no substantial risks on customer transaction business during the year.
           In 2020, the trading volume of RMB exchange rate swaps amounted to USD772.359 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 7.19%, which was mainly due to the impact of the pandemic and other factors. In the first
           half of the year, the Company modestly controlled the transaction scale based on the liquidity of the market. The
           trading volume of transaction services to the customers amounted to USD529.994 billion, representing a year-on-
           year increase of 52.92%, of which the trading volume of derivative transaction services to the customers reached
           USD380.937 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 80.47%.



     3.10.3 Distribution channels
           The Company provides products and services via multiple distribution channels. The distribution channels of the
           Company mainly consist of physical distribution channels and e-banking channels.
           Physical distribution channels
           The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The Company’s distribution network primarily covers major
           cities in Mainland China, as well as Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg, Sydney and other
           international financial centers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 142 branches, 1,724
           sub-branches, one dedicated branch-level operation center (credit card center), one representative office and 16,559
           visual counters in more than 130 cities of Mainland China. The Company also has a branch in Hong Kong; a branch
           and a representative office in New York, the United States; a branch in London, the UK; a branch in Singapore; a
           branch in Luxembourg; a representative office in Taipei and a branch in Sydney, Australia.
           E-banking channels
           Major retail e-banking channels
           During the reporting period, the Company constantly improved the retail e-banking channels and further increased
           operational efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s replacement rate of comprehensive
           service counters through the retail electronic channels was 97.91%; and the rate of rerouting customers from the
           service counters to visual counters was 94.29%.
China Merchants Bank               Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                 73
Annual Report 2020


      CMB APP
      During the reporting period, the Company released CMB APP 9.0, innovatively launched the whole-journey
      companion service for wealth management, released the M+ membership programme and introduced a pan-financial
      asset perspective to create personal wealth master accounts for hundreds of millions of users. During the fight
      against the pandemic, CMB APP released ten heart-warming services to quickly respond to the needs of customers
      for social security, utility payment, livelihood and customer service under physical quarantine. Meanwhile, the
      Company continued to improve the capabilities of digital middle-office system to facilitate the operation of the Bank
      in a platform-based, intelligent and intensive manner.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the aggregate number of users of CMB APP amounted to 145,000,000.
      During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB APP reached 16,294,600 and the
      number of logins to the CMB APP was 6.860 billion in the year, with a monthly average individual logins of 11.98.
      The number of monthly active users was 61,263,800 as at the end of the period. During the reporting period, CMB
      APP had 1.803 billion transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB40.91 trillion, up by 6.88% and 23.22%
      respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
      CMB Life APP for credit card
      During the reporting period, based on CMB Life APP, the Company steadily promoted the construction of credit card
      service, financial products, content ecosystem, life with automobile and other scenarios, and continued to strengthen
      the connection of CMB Life APP with the main business of credit cards as well as with the users and merchants.
      During the fight against the pandemic, the Company used Fintech to launch the “CMB Anti-pandemic Life Circle
      (小招喵的抗疫生活圈)” on CMB Life APP to provide customers with intelligent customer service, online repayment,
      online education and other financial and life services at home. The Company initiated the “Forerunners’ Alliance (逾
      越者聯盟)” through CMB Life APP for the merchants to facilitate the recovery of various consumer sectors such as
      catering, automobiles and e-commerce, taking concrete actions to overcome difficulties with cooperative merchants.
      During the routine pandemic prevention and control period, the Company continued to optimise the customer
      base management system of CMB Life APP to improve the operating capabilities of CMB Life APP through various
      marketing activities.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the aggregate number of users of CMB Life APP amounted to 110,000,000.
      During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB Life APP reached 8,135,500 and
      the number of monthly active users was 46,031,700 as at the end of the period. In terms of the number of online
      activity of users, CMB Life APP continued to outperform other credit card APPs in the banking industry.
      Network operation service
      The Company’s Network Operation Service Center provides instant, comprehensive, prompt and professional services
      to its customers through caring methods such as telephone, network and video.
      In 2020, the Company constantly improved its service capability and customer experience. The manual telephone
      access ratio reached 98.40%, the percentage of manual telephone responses within 20 seconds reached 95.42%
      and the satisfaction ratio of its telephone customer service reached 99.73%.
      The Company actively improved its online contactless service capabilities to comply with the trend of its customers
      increasingly moving to the internet after the outbreak of the pandemic. During the reporting period, our online
      interactive services accounted for 90.23%12, demonstrating that online text interaction has become the main
      force in remote consulting services. At the same time, the Company continued to accelerate the development of
      intelligent services, strengthen the construction of online service scenarios, further deepen the training and learning
      of intelligent robots and enhance algorithm optimisation with Fintech. During the reporting period, our intelligent
      self-services accounted for 77.23%13. During the reporting period, our visual counters received an average of
      1,954,100 incoming calls per month, with the highest number of single day incoming calls reaching 117,600,
      showing high replacement effect of in-branch non-cash transactions.




12
      Referring to the proportion of online text services in various types of remote consulting services.
13
      Referring to the proportion of services undertaken by intelligent robots in various remote consulting services.
74   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Smart service system
           The Company continued to optimise its smart service network with the two major Apps, being “CMB APP” and
           “CMB Life APP” as the core, covering Network Operation Service Center and visual counters at our outlets. During
           the reporting period, the Company further enhanced the AI service and closed-loop service capabilities of “Financial
           Advisor Xiao Zhao (小招理財顧問)”, the smart customer service assistant of CMB APP and “Assistant Xiao Zhao (小
           招助理)”, the smart customer service assistant of CMB Life APP, accelerated the “scenario-based transformation”
           of the service ecosystem and continued to develop smart service products for our customers. Meanwhile, with
           third-party channels such as WeChat official account, Alipay service window and official QQ account as the
           important channels for brand promotion and business promotion, the Company enhanced its capabilities of online
           service with minimal service requirements such as smart customer service and message reminders to form an organic
           service ecosystem with strong connections with its own smart service network. Thus, the smart service system has
           been improved. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company gained a total of 25.9426 million fans through
           the “China Merchants Bank” WeChat Official Account and a total of 163 million fans through third-party credit card
           channels (mainly from WeChat, Alipay service window and official QQ account).
           Major wholesale e-banking channels
           Online corporate banking
           Affected by the pandemic, the demand for online service from corporate customers has increased. The Company
           actively built online service capabilities with online corporate banking and accelerated the online migration of
           high-frequency business based on user journeys. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company completed
           the online migration of the whole process of 41 corporate products, applied the self-service application function
           via electronic channels to 91.05% of corporate products, and promoted the online migration of 10 high-frequency
           counter businesses. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of online corporate banking customers of the
           Company reached 2,125,900, representing an increase of 8.78% as compared with the end of the previous year, of
           which the number of monthly active customers was 1,169,900, representing an increase of 16.55% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. The total number of online corporate banking transactions of the Company
           reached 248,521,300 and total value of transactions amounted to RMB126.00 trillion during the reporting period.
           CMB Corporate APP
           The Company explored ways to create personalised scenario model via digital channels, and launched the
           new “Corporate Legal Person” version of CMB Corporate APP. The Company continued to expand the online
           high-frequency transaction scenarios for corporate customers, and set up special features of Head Office, such as
           commerce, bills and wealth management on CMB Corporate APP, which effectively improved customer experience
           and activeness. The Company actively fulfilled its social responsibilities by setting up a special feature for pandemic
           prevention and work resumption on CMB Corporate APP, and providing the corporate customers of the Company
           with online toolkits for pandemic prevention and control service and a special channel for “charitable donations”
           from corporate customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of customers of CMB Corporate APP
           reached 1,295,100, representing an increase of 29.41% as compared with the end of the previous year, of which
           monthly active customers reached 540,300, representing an increase of 26.68% as compared with the end of the
           previous year. During the reporting period, the number of transactions made by customers through CMB Corporate
           APP amounted to 16,171,800, with a transaction value of RMB340.645 billion.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                      75
Annual Report 2020


3.10.4 IT and R&D
      During the reporting period, the Company promoted the development of capabilities of Fintech infrastructure,
      accelerated the transformation of the “cloud + middle-office” architecture, promoted the cloud migration of
      applications and systems for the whole Bank and subsidiaries, and constructed enterprise-level data middle-office
      and technology middle-office to support internal and external partners. The Company developed R&D capabilities
      for core AI technology to support the business scenarios in the Bank and offer Fintech service to customers, and
      jointly built joint AI laboratories with leading universities to promote the incubation of technology industries and
      the transformation of scientific and technological achievements. The Company continued to develop the field of
      blockchain, built a blockchain platform, actively facilitated business, and maintained the leading position in the
      industry.
      With respect to the development of application systems, the total number of application systems developed
      continued to increase and the delivery duration was shortened, which significantly promoted the rapid development,
      innovation and transformation of business. With respect to retail banking, the Company released CMB APP 9.0,
      introduced new features such as live streaming and video news on the App to create basic audio and video
      capabilities, enriched the pan-financial ecosphere, and focused on meal coupons, movie tickets, travel, convenience
      services and local featured scenarios of branches to provide users with comprehensive and convenient life services.
      The Company continued to develop key wealth management products, improved the customer service system for
      wealth management, and built a new system for overseas wealth management. The Company also focused on the
      construction of “Sui Dai Tong (隨貸通)”, an online operation platform designed to assist relationship managers
      in loan marketing and “CMB Zhao Dai (招貸)” APP, a loan platform for micro-finance loans to strengthen the
      proactive acquisition of customers. With respect to wholesale banking, the Company made efforts in enterprise
      digital services, and launched the “Xin Fu Tong (薪福通)” 2.0 to provide enterprises with digital salary and benefits
      management services, helping small- and medium-sized enterprises to improve operating efficiency through
      digitalised transformation. The Company launched the customer relationship management system (CRM) 4.0 to
      support corporate customer service and the management of relationship managers from three aspects including
      digital, platform and intelligence. Meanwhile, the Company promoted the online migration of high-frequency
      business, which shortened the duration for opening an account for corporate customers from 10 days to 3 days
      and the average duration for granting loans on “Shang Piao Yun Shan Tie (商票雲閃貼)” to 1-3 minutes. The
      Company also launched “Zhi Zhang Piao Ju (指掌票據)” product on CMB Corporate APP, leading the bill service into
      the mobile era, and built a “Custody Plus (託管+)” value-added service system to support its strategic customers
      while facilitating the rapid innovation in custody business. With respect to middle- and back-office, the Company
      constructed a new platform for collaborative office to provide support for work collaboration and remote office
      during the pandemic.
      With respect to overseas support, the Head Office continued to coordinate the management and maintenance of
      the core business system of overseas branches, and released the standard versions of overseas core system, overseas
      online corporate banking system and overseas private banking system to promote the standardisation of overseas
      systems. At the same time, the Company formulated the IT construction plan of CMB Wing Lung Bank after in-depth
      investigations and surveys, so as to improve the IT construction level of overseas subsidiaries.
      With respect to business continuity, based on the basic principles of “secure and controllable, value creation and
      cost-effective”, the Company realised stable operation of the overall system during the process of accelerating the
      transformation from traditional data center to financial cloud data center, and the availability of core accounting
      system and backbone networks remained its leading position among industry peers. The business development of
      the whole Bank is supported by three software centers in Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Chengdu and two data centers
      in Shenzhen and Shanghai through technology empowerment.
76   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.10.5 Overseas branches
           Hong Kong Branch
           Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch is the first branch duly established overseas by the Company. As a
           full-licensed bank and a registered institution with the Securities and Futures Commission, the Hong Kong Branch
           may engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses, including wholesale banking and personal banking.
           With regard to wholesale banking, the Hong Kong Branch provides enterprises located in Hong Kong with diversified
           corporate banking products and services, such as deposits, settlement, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated
           loans, cross-border M&A portfolio solutions, asset management and asset custody, and engages in transaction of
           funds, bond trading and foreign exchange trading with financial institutions, and conducts funds clearing and asset
           transfer with financial institution customers. With respect to personal banking, the Hong Kong Branch proactively
           develops featured personal banking services and provides cross-border personal banking services and private wealth
           management services for individual customers in Hong Kong and Mainland China. Featured products include “Hong
           Kong All-in-one Card” and “Hong Kong Bank-Securities Express”.
           In 2020, the Hong Kong Branch focused on the opportunities such as “The Belt and Road” Initiative, RMB
           internationalisation and the construction of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, putting its best
           effort to promote cross-border business coordination, continuously developed the local customer base, constantly
           expanded its market share, and provided customers with comprehensive financial support. Meanwhile, the Hong
           Kong Branch further strengthened risk compliance and internal basis management, constantly improved and
           innovated its product and service systems to further explore the asset operation model. As a result, all its businesses
           achieved stable development. During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch realised a net operating income
           of HK$2.116 billion and a profit before tax of HK$1.537 billion.
           New York Branch
           Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
           U.S. since the US Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is located in the global
           financial center and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised by coordination
           between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the companies and
           high-net-value private banking customers in China and the U.S..
           In 2020, our New York Branch adhered to the principle of “taking compliance as a priority and maintaining steady
           operation” and aimed to improve the comprehensive service capabilities of the featured cross-border financial
           platform. Great progress has been made in exploring the potential of cross-border business between China and
           the United States, strengthening customer service, strengthening compliance construction and comprehensive risk
           management, and improving the level of informatisation. During the reporting period, our New York Branch realised
           a net operating income of USD73,833,600 and a profit before tax of USD38,161,800.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        77
Annual Report 2020


      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border financial
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch, which
      focusing on two major businesses, namely cross-border finance and wealth management, strives to provide all-round
      non-stop solutions for cross-border finance to the Chinese companies “going global” and the companies “brought
      in” located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. Its major services and products include: funds
      settlement, deposit service, foreign exchange trading, coordination financing, trade financing, M&A loans, syndicated
      loans, real estate trust leveraged financing and delisting financing. In terms of wealth management business, with
      the Private Banking (Singapore) Center was officially launched in April 2017 to provide private banking products and
      value-added services with integrated investment and financing solutions, such as cash management, asset allocation
      and heritage of wealth to high-net-value customers.
      In 2020, the Singapore Branch adhered to the operating strategy of concurrent development of cross-border
      financing business and local business, focused on the strategic customers of the Head Office and branches and
      quality government-linked enterprises located in Singapore, returning to its origin of customer service. By providing
      premium corporate services, the Singapore Branch has implemented its first non-major currency payment service,
      making it to be the issuer to issue USD400 million senior bonds for the first time. Strengthening the customer base
      of directors, supervisors and senior executives of PRC companies listed in Singapore, it continued to carry out linkage
      between corporate and personal businesses and successfully launched the first family office business. During the
      reporting period, the Singapore Branch realised a net operating income of USD18,247,700 and a profit before tax of
      USD7,959,700.
      Luxembourg Branch
      Established in 2015, the Luxembourg Branch of the Company is positioned as an important cross-border financial
      platform in European continent. It provides diversified services including corporate deposits, corporate loans, project
      financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A advisory, bond underwriting and asset management for the
      Chinese enterprises “going global” and the enterprises “brought in” from Europe. It is committed to establishing an
      operational platform of the Company in Europe on the basis of the superior businesses of the parent bank combined
      with the special advantages of Europe.
      In 2020, the Luxembourg Branch strived to overcome the impact brought about by the pandemic, took the initiatives
      to seek business breakthroughs and attain new business growth so as to open up new investment and financing
      channels, all in an effort to achieve an increase in revenue and reduction in cost. During the reporting period, our
      Luxembourg Branch realised a net operating income of €14,243,500 and a loss before tax of €4,893,200, mainly
      due to the high allowances.
      London Branch
      Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in the
      United Kingdom among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks and also the first branch established in the
      United Kingdom directly by a bank in Mainland China since the founding of the PRC. It currently conducts
      corporate banking business and private banking business. With respect to corporate banking business, it provides
      customers with diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposits, loans (including bilateral
      loans, syndicated loans and cross-border M&A financing) and trade finance products, such as making payments on
      behalf of customers (代付) and forfeiting (福費廷). It also engages in interbank transaction of funds, bonds and
      foreign exchange trading, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with other financial institution customers.
      The private banking business currently provides basic services such as settlement, fixed deposit, foreign exchange
      transactions, mortgage loans and insurance referrals to meet the needs of our high-net-value customers for
      cross-border business and value-added services.
      In 2020, adhering to the business philosophy of steady development and extensively exploring cross-border business
      opportunities arising from China and the UK, the London Branch was committed to returning to its origin of
      customer service. Focusing on the two-tier strategic customers of “going-global”and “brought-in “for the Head
      Office and branches, the London Branch strived to build a comprehensive customer service and operating system,
      while at the same time putting in its effort to the compliance development of private banking business on a gradual
      basis to meet the needs of high-net-worth customers for cross-border business and value-added services, which
      has made a robust kick-off. During the reporting period, the London Branch achieved a net operating income of
      USD20,968,600 and a profit before tax of USD5,581,500.
78   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Sydney Branch
           Established in 2017, the Sydney Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in Australia
           among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks. It proactively participates in Sino-Australian cross-border investment
           and financing services, trade financing and settlement, exploitation of mineral resources and the development of
           quality infrastructure projects, and provides supporting services for “going-global” customers to lay out in Australia
           and New Zealand and for “brought-in” foreign leading enterprises to develop in China. At the same time, it
           steadily carried out private banking business in compliance with laws and regulations, and met the private banking
           customers’ needs for global service and the cross-border non-financial value-added service. The establishment of the
           Sydney Branch further expanded and improved the Company’s global presence, forming a global service network
           across four continents: Asia, Europe, America and Australia.
           In 2020, faced with a complex business environment, the Sydney Branch, nevertheless, adhered to the strategy of
           “laying the foundation to make a difference”, overcame the difficulties with joint efforts, and continuously improved
           its professional capabilities along the strategic customers of the Head Office and local leading companies, thereby,
           achieving stable business development. During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch achieved a net operating
           income of AUD21,727,600 and a profit before tax of AUD6,846,400.



     3.10.6 CMB Wing Lung Group
           Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HK$1.161 billion, and is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. The principal operations of CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
           comprise deposit-taking, lending, private banking and wealth management, investment, securities, credit cards,
           NET banking, “CMB WLB Wintech (招商永隆銀行一點通)” mobile banking, global cash management, syndicated
           loans, corporate financing, documentary bills, leasing and hire purchase loans, foreign exchange, insurance agency,
           mandatory provident fund, insurance brokerage and general insurance underwriting, property management and
           trustee, nominee and asset management services. At present, CMB Wing Lung Bank has one head office, 33
           branches and private banking centers in Hong Kong, four branches and sub-branches in Mainland China, one branch
           in Macau, and one branch located respectively in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the United States.
           During the reporting period, CMB Wing Lung Group realised an attributable profit to shareholders of HK$2.872
           billion and a net operating income of HK$6.005 billion, of which net interest income was HK$3.858 billion and net
           non-interest income was HK$2.147 billion. The cost-to-income ratio was 42.18%.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HK$380.027 billion.
           Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$42.124 billion. Total loans and advances to customers
           (including trade bills) amounted to HK$194.335 billion. Deposits from customers amounted to HK$270.122 billion.
           The loan-to-deposit ratio was 67.09%. The non-performing loan ratio (including trade bills) was 0.48%.
           For detailed financial information on CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2020 annual results of CMB Wing
           Lung Bank, which is published on the website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       79
Annual Report 2020


3.10.7 CMB Financial Leasing
      CMB Financial Leasing is one of the five pilot bank-affiliated financial leasing firms approved by the State Council.
      It was established in 2008 and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB6.0 billion. CMB
      Financial Leasing has adhered to its operation and development strategy of “professionalisation, digitalisation
      and internationalisation”, carried out the mission of “supporting national strategy, serving the real economy and
      promoting industrial upgrading”, and launched the financial solutions for the ten industries of aviation, shipping,
      energy, infrastructure, equipment manufacturing, environment, health industry and cultural tourism, public
      transportation, smart interconnection & logistics and leasing. It satisfies the lessees’ different needs in respect
      of equipment procurement, sales promotion, asset revitalisation, balancing of tax liabilities and improvement of
      financial structure.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing amounted to RMB192.201 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB22.618 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB2.509 billion during the reporting
      period.



3.10.8 CMB International Capital
      Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong,
      with a registered capital of HK$4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
      subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, stocks and structured finance.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HK$43.714 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to HK$10.278 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of HK$1.512
      billion.



3.10.9 CMB Wealth Management
      CMB Wealth Management was established and wholly owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB5.0
      billion, and was officially launched in November 2019.
      CMB Wealth Management is based in the headquarter in Shenzhen. It upholds the values of “professionalism,
      conscientiousness, innovation, and coordination” and the brand appeal of “providing better answers to the future”,
      and is committed to gradually establish an all-round asset management business model which focuses on fixed
      income investments with equity and alternative asset investments as the supplements, and provides customers with
      cross-market, multi-category wealth management product portfolios and asset management service options, so as to
      meet their diversified needs for asset management and their needs in preserving and increasing their wealth.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wealth Management amounted to RMB8.061 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB7.474 billion. During the reporting period, it realised an operating income of
      RMB3.772 billion, of which RMB3.464 billion of management fee income was obtained from the management of
      products entrusted by CMB, accounting for 91.83%. It realised a net profit of RMB2.453 billion.



3.10.10 China Merchants Fund
      Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund had a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the Company held 55% of China Merchants Fund’s shares. The business scope of China Merchants
      Fund covers fund establishment, fund management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB8.237 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB5.906 billion. The total size of the asset management business (including China
      Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries) amounted to RMB1,156.825 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB904 million
      during the reporting period.
80   China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.10.11 CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2003, and it is
           the first Sino-foreign joint venture life insurance company established after China’s entry into the World Trade
           Organisation (WTO), with a registered capital of RMB2.8 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
           held 50% of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance’s shares. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance is mainly engaged in insurance
           businesses such as life insurance, health insurance and accident injury insurance, as well as the reinsurance of the
           above insurances.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB75.196
           billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB9.937 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
           realised a net profit of RMB1.638 billion.



     3.10.12 Merchants Union Consumer Finance
           Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2015, and it
           is the first consumer finance company in China established under the framework of the Closer Economic Partnership
           Arrangement (CEPA), with a registered capital of RMB3.869 billion. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CMB Wing Lung Bank, jointly hold 50% of equity interest in Merchants
           Union Consumer Finance. Merchants Union Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the granting of personal
           consumer loans.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
           RMB108.881 billion and the net assets were RMB11.023 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.663 billion during
           the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, Merchants Union Consumer Finance ranked first among
           the licensed consumer finance companies in terms of the volume of loans, and its asset quality was better than the
           average level of other licensed consumer finance companies.



     3.11 Risk Management
           The Company stepped up the construction of a risk management system focusing on risk-adjusted value creation
           under the principles of “Comprehensive, Professional, Independent and Balanced Management”. The Risk and
           Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most
           significant bank-wide risk management policies on risk preferences, strategies, policies and authorisations approved
           by the Board of Directors.
           During the reporting period, in the face of the pandemic and the complex and challenging economic environment
           at home and abroad and the increasing risk in bank operations, the Company continued to improve its overall risk
           management system while proactively overcoming and preventing all kinds of risk.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                         81
Annual Report 2020


3.11.1 Credit risk management
      Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform its obligations as
      agreed. Adhering to its management philosophy of “Quality Goes First Based on Compliance and Risk Control (合
      規為根、風險為本、質量為先)”, and with the goal of “fostering a leading risk management bank”, the Company
      promoted the risk management culture of “staying healthy, rational, proactive and comprehensive (穩健、理性、
      主動、全員)”, stuck to the concept of balanced returns and risks and the prudent business strategy in which risks
      can ultimately be covered by capital, implemented a unified credit risk preference, optimised the life-cycle credit risk
      management processes, improved credit risk management tools, and fully improved risk management capabilities, so
      as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.
      During the reporting period, the Company strengthened the forecast of macroeconomic and financial situation,
      overall planning, key breakthroughs, multiple measures, the tackling of both the problem and its cause, as a result
      of which asset quality was effectively controlled. The first was to focus on customers and deepen the integrated
      management of high-quality customers by dynamically adjusting the two-level strategic customers and customers on
      the whitelist at Head Office and branches. The Company implemented customer list management to build on the
      foundation of customer base, strengthened risk management in key areas such as real estate and government and
      encouraged credit placement for strategic and emerging and advanced manufacturing industries. The second was to
      embrace openness and cooperation, to stay ahead and uplift the level of risk management. Expanding the coverage
      of new kinetic energy industry policies, the Company have formulated and promulgated a total of 48 new kinetic
      energy industry credit policies. Intensifying regional policy research, the Company formulated targeted credit policies
      for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and Yangtze River Delta sub-industries. Upgrading industry
      research of “Self-Organisation”, the Company forged a team of experts to deepen the application of research
      results. The third was to eliminate illiteracy and make up for the shortcomings, consolidated the foundation, and
      improved the comprehensive risk management system. Establishing and improving the risk management and control
      mechanism of peers and cooperative institutions, the Company attached great importance to the management
      of risk chaos, organise special management of “low credit risk”, continued to clean up the P2P platform,
      conducted comprehensive inspections and regular monitoring of key risk areas, and improved risk consolidation
      management. The fourth was to take multiple measures and implemented flexible policies to improve the efficiency
      of non-performing asset disposal. The Company intensified the recovery of non-performing assets by cash collection
      while continuously promoting the write-off of non-performing assets and securitisation of assets. The Company
      proactively explored debt-to-equity conversion, made use of a number of methods to mitigate risk assets and
      achieved the effective and efficient disposal of non-performing assets based on compliance regulations. The fifth
      was to embrace technology, strengthen empowerment, and deepen the digital transformation of risk management.
      Launching the online credit cloud platform, the Company improved the risk management toolkit, strengthened
      data quality management, opened up system linkages, expanded the application scenarios of the online risk control
      platform, in an effort to continue to improve the quality and efficiency of risk management.
      For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.2 Management of large-scale risk exposure
      In accordance with the “Management Measures for Large-Scale Risk Exposure of Commercial Banks” (CBIRC
      Order 2018 No. 1) (   《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》                    (銀保監會2018年1號令)) issued by the CBIRC, large-scale
      risk exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and
      trading book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of
      its net Tier 1 capital. The Company has incorporated large-scale risk exposure management into its overall risk
      management system, continued to optimise customer credit management requirements, streamlined risk exposure
      measurement rules, dynamically monitored changes in large-scale risk exposures and reported major changes and
      management matters to the Board, so as to effectively controlled customer concentration risks. As at the end of the
      reporting period, other than customers with regulatory exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group
      non-financial institution customers, single financial institution customers and group financial institution customers
      of the Company that reached the standards of large-scale risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory
      requirements.
82   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.11.3 Country risk management
           Country risks represent the risks of economic, political and social changes or developments in a country or region
           that may cause borrowers or debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations
           to banks, or incur loss to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other loss to the
           Company in that country or region. Country risk may arise from deteriorating economic conditions, political and
           social upheavals, nationalisation or expropriation of assets, and government repudiation of external indebtedness,
           foreign exchange controls and currency depreciation in a country or region.
           The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness
           and prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile
           and complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to
           promptly identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk
           ratings in a regular manner and implement limit management, while guiding business to tilt in favour of low-risk
           countries. Major matters involving country risk management policies and adjustment of limit plans were submitted
           to the Board for consideration and approval. In 2020, under the background of spreading pandemic overseas and
           constant international trade frictions, risks in some countries and regions have increased. Therefore, the Company
           strengthened risk monitoring and management in priority countries, dynamically updated country risk ratings based
           on risk changes, and strictly restricted business growth in high-risk countries. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the Company has made adequate allowances for country risks in accordance with the regulatory requirements. As a
           result, the country risks will not have a material effect on the operations of the Company.



     3.11.4 Market risk management
           The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
           risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
           Interest rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of
           various currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators,
           interest-rate-sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure, monitor and manage the interest rate
           risk of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses under the trading
           book, and are comprised of around 140 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves. VaR includes general VaR and
           stressed VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and adopt a confidence coefficient
           of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress testing
           scenarios include the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and various
           unfavorable market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among which, the extreme
           interest rate scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavorable conditions of the
           market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the change in the market value of
           bonds and interest rate derivatives PV01 (when an interest rate fluctuates unfavorably by 1 basis point). As for daily
           risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses
           under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board
           of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the Market Risk Management Department is responsible for daily
           monitoring and continuous reporting.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                           83
Annual Report 2020


      In 2020, the pandemic triggered a turmoil to the global economic environment. Due to differences in pandemic
      control capabilities and effectiveness, domestic and foreign interest rate markets were significantly at odds. The
      RMB interest rate showed a V-shaped reversal throughout the year. As of the end of the reporting period, the 1-year
      treasury bonds interest rate rose by 11 basis points from the end of the previous year to 2.47%, and the 10-year
      treasury bonds interest rate rose by 1 basis point to 3.14% from the end of the previous year. The US dollar interest
      rate was close to the historical low point of zero interest rate. As of the end of the reporting period, the interest
      rate of the US 1-year treasury bonds fell by 149 basis points from the end of the previous year to 0.10%, and the
      interest rate of the 10-year treasury bonds fell by 99 basis points from the end of the previous year to 0.93%.
      The investment scope of the trading book of the Company focused on RMB bonds. In general, prudent investment
      management strategies were adopted by the Company and the risk exposure was dynamically adjusted by means of
      bond trading, derivative hedging, etc., and all interest rate risk indicators of the trading account were maintained
      within the target range according to changes in the market.
      Banking book
      The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario
      simulation and other methods to measure and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The
      re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities;
      the duration analysis monitors the duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets
      and liabilities of the whole Bank; the benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between
      different pricing benchmark interest rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such
      curves based on the benchmark-correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation
      is the major approach for the Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a
      number of ordinary scenarios and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move
      and the change in the shape of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible
      changes in interest rates in the future as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the
      future one year and the changes in economic value (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario
      of changes in interest rates. The NII fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included
      into the interest rate risk limit system of the whole Bank. In addition, the internal limit indicator system is included
      into the standardised measurement indicators set out in the Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of
      Banking Book of Commercial Banks (Revised) issued by the CBIRC.
      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principle of neutral and prudent interest rate risk appetite,
      paid close attention to changes in the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure, made
      prediction and analysis of the trend of credit and market interest rates based on the macro quantitative model, and
      flexibly adjusted the active management strategy for interest rate risk. The Company, through the adjustments to the
      structure of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet interest rate derivatives, hedged against the
      rise in interest rate risk as a result of the switch of existing loan interest rates and the decline in LPR. As at the end
      of the reporting period, various on- and off-balance sheet management measures were implemented as scheduled,
      and the interest rate risks were under control within the annual interest rate risk management and control target
      range of the Company. The results of stress test also showed that various indicators still stayed within the limits and
      pre-warning values of the Company, and the interest rate risk of the banking book was generally controllable.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.
84   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Exchange rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
           factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under
           stress test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk measurement and monitoring
           management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot prices, forward
           prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market value risk indicators comprise
           general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using historical simulation based on
           a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange rate
           stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every transaction currency against RMB, and
           changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major exchange-sensitive indicators include Delta, Gamma, Vega and
           other indicators. For daily management, we set annual limits on authority associated with exchange rate risks under
           the trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business
           planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to
           perform daily monitoring and on-going reporting.
           In the first half of 2020, the economies at home and abroad were battered due to the impact of the pandemic.
           The RMB exchange rate weakened slightly from the economies turmoil. The exchange rate of the USD against the
           RMB rose by 1.55% to 7.07 in the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, the United States and other
           countries rolled out a series of loose monetary policies in response to the pandemic, which has accelerated the
           decline of the US dollar. The domestic pandemic prevention and control measures held up well, leading the world’s
           major economies in terms of economic recovery, with the continuous appreciation of RMB. From the perspective of
           the whole year, the exchange rate of the USD against the RMB dropped by 6.12% to 6.54. The two-way fluctuation
           of the RMB exchange rate became more observable, with the flexibility on the rise.
           Under this background, the Company mainly obtained spread income through foreign exchange trading business on
           behalf of customers, utilised system to dynamically monitor the exposure of proprietary trading and strengthened
           the monitoring of changes in the value of limit indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-loss. All exchange rate
           risk indicators of trading book of the Company were within the target range.
           Banking book
           The data for measurement of exchange rate risk of banking book of the Company was derived mainly from
           database, and the Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress
           test, and other methods for measurement and analysis. The foreign exchange exposure measurement uses the
           short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation approach; scenario simulation and stress test
           analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for managing foreign exchange
           rate risk in respect of fluctuation of all currency exchange rates, including the standard scenario, historical scenario,
           forward scenario and stress scenario. Based on scenarios such as forward exchange rate fluctuation and historical
           extreme fluctuations, each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or loss. The effects of certain
           scenarios on the profit and loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit indicator are taken as reference in the
           daily management. The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant model parameters on a regular
           basis to verify the effectiveness of measurement models.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        85
Annual Report 2020


      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
      foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for overall
      auditing of our exchange rate risk.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
      analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macro economic conditions at home and abroad, and
      proposed a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making.
      In 2020, the RMB exchange rate experienced a vehement two-way fluctuation. The Company increased its efforts
      to monitor and analyse of foreign exchange exposure and imposed a stringent control over the scale of foreign
      exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about the exchange rate risk. As of the end of the reporting
      period, the size of the banking book of the Company’s foreign exchange exposure was at a relatively low level. The
      exchange rate risk of the Company is generally stable with all the core limit indicators, general scenarios and stress
      testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.



3.11.5 Operational risk management
      Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or failed internal procedures, incompetent
      personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
      Company’s operational risk management will, based on the principles of cost-revenue matching and input-output
      balance, vigorously strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement internal control
      system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent operational risk losses with a certain
      level of cost. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors,
      the Company will, through measures such as further improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening
      risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment and
      evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, so as to further improve operational risk
      management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
      During the reporting period, in order to prevent loss arising from systematic operational risk and material operational
      risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. The first was to establish a
      cooperative business risk management and control mechanism, formulate cooperative business risk management
      measures, continue to update the list of cooperative business varieties, and promote the integration of cooperative
      business into a unified view of risks; the second was to strengthen risk prevention and control in key areas, and
      continue to carry out business and cooperation on P2P platform business and cooperative business, stakeholder
      business, and low-credit risk business; the third was to optimise and improve management tools, carry out review
      of key risk indicators, review and adjust indicators in various dimensions, and further optimise the evaluation
      mechanism of operational risk and the economics of operational risk capital allocation plan; the fourth was to
      strengthen outsourcing risk management, strictly review outsourcing products, strengthen access management,
      organise the Bank to carry out outsourcing risk investigation and post-outsourcing project evaluation; the fifth was
      to strengthen IT risk and business continuity management, and conduct IT process review; the sixth was to further
      improve the performance of the operational risk management system, and to promote the use of operational risk
      data analysis platforms; the seventh was to increase the empowerment of subsidiaries and branches, and carry out
      various forms of training for the operational risk management personnel of domestic and foreign branches and
      subsidiaries so as to improve operational risk management skills.
86   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company’s unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
           timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
           management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
           more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
           and systems of the Company have basically satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
           Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
           management, the Company puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and
           reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the Board of Supervisors,
           senior management, designated committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure the effectiveness of
           liquidity risk management.
           In 2020, the Central Bank maintained a prudent monetary policy and reasonably stable liquidity. In response to the
           market environment and the liquidity profile of the Company, the Company implemented the following measures to
           enhance liquidity management. Firstly, the Company continued to promote the growth of deposits from customers
           and strengthened the control of key timings through measures such as strengthening the guiding of marketing
           strategies for key customer groups, promoted the steady growth of deposits through various measures and guided
           the further decrease of liabilities and costs. Secondly, the Company continuously optimised the asset structure,
           dynamically controlled the exposure of credit assets and realised the stable operation of assets and liabilities. Thirdly,
           the Company carried out active liability management through multiple channels, expanded diversified financing
           channels, strengthened cooperation with counterparties, and improved treasury financing capabilities. Fourthly,
           the Company carried out forward-looking and refined liquidity risk management and strengthened forecast of
           macroeconomics. Tapping on its own liquidity and the trends of market interest rate, the Company made use of
           quantitative modeling, dynamic calculation and other tools to dynamically predict the liquidity across the Bank.
           Flexibly carrying out active liability business, the Company improved the level of active liquidity risk management.
           Fifthly, appropriately increasing investment in qualified and high-quality bonds, the Company maintained sufficient
           liquidity reserves, and further improved liquidity risk mitigation capabilities. Sixthly, the Company strengthened
           liquidity risk management for business lines, overseas branches and affiliates. Seventhly, the Company tested and
           improved the liquidity contingency plan and emergency plan, and effectively improved the ability to respond to
           liquidity risk events through regular liquidity risk emergency drills.
           The Company has satisfied the relevant requirements of the “Administrative Measures on Liquidity Risk of
           Commercial Banks” issued by the CBIRC in May 2018. As at the end of the reporting period, the liquidity coverage
           ratio of the Company as a legal person was 125.80%, higher by 25.80 percentage points than the minimum
           requirement of the CBIRC. The net stable funding ratio was 120.16%, higher by 20.16 percentage points than the
           minimum requirement of the CBIRC; the liquidity ratio was 42.31%, higher by 17.31 percentage points than the
           minimum requirement of the CBIRC; and the liquidity matching ratio was 148.91%, higher by 48.91 percentage
           points than the minimum requirement of the CBIRC, indicating that the Company had sufficient funding sources to
           meet the needs of sustainable and healthy development of the business. 9% of the Company’s total RMB deposits
           and 5% of the Company’s total foreign currency deposits were required to be placed with the PBOC. In summary,
           the Company’s liquidity indicators remained at healthy levels. Deposits maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves
           were sufficient and overall liquidity was at a safe level.
           For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
           statements.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                          87
Annual Report 2020


3.11.7 Reputational risk management
      Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders due to
      the Company’s operations, management and other activities or external incidents. Reputational risk management is
      an important part of the corporate governance and the overall risk management system of the Company, covering
      all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company established
      the reputational risk management system and formulated relevant requirements and took initiatives to effectively
      prevent the reputational risk and respond to any reputational incidents, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to
      the greatest extent.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to improve its reputation risk management system, and
      established a “two-way early warning” mechanism between the reputation risk management department and
      business departments and branches, which effectively reduced the probability of reputation risks. By optimising
      the press release process and responding to public concerns in a timely manner, the Company took a variety of
      measures to resolve risks in order to minimise negative impacts. Strengthening business lines management and
      consolidated management, the Company empowered branches and affiliates to manage reputational risks in a view
      to strengthening the establishment of reputation risk teams across the Bank.



3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material financial
      losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Board of Directors
      of the Company is ultimately responsible for the compliance of the operating activities, and delegates the Risk and
      Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors to supervise the compliance risk management. The
      Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is the organisation to manage compliance risk of
      the whole company under the senior management. The Company set up three lines of defence for compliance risk
      management and the double-line reporting mechanism through the establishment of organisational management
      structure comprising the risk and compliance management committees, compliance supervisors, compliance officers
      and legal and compliance departments under the Head Office and its branches as well as compliance supervisors at
      branch and sub-branch levels, continuously improved risk management techniques and management procedures and
      established a complete and effective compliance risk management system to achieve effective control of compliance
      risks.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly implemented the regulatory policies and requirements, and further
      improved the long-term mechanism for internal control and compliance management. The first is to formulate
      and release the “Guiding Opinions on Bank-wide Internal Control and Compliance Work in 2020” to make
      arrangements for the bank-wide internal control and compliance management. Secondly, in accordance with the
      requirements of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for the “review” task on rectification of
      market chaos, in-depth self-examination, self-correction and comprehensive rectification were carried out around
      the main points of the rectification work to eliminate hidden risks in a timely manner. The third is to strengthen the
      interpretation and transmission of new regulatory regulations, carry out timely internalisation of external regulations,
      strengthen the implementation of new regulatory regulations in the Company, and effectively identify, evaluate,
      and mitigate compliance risks of new products, new businesses and major projects. The fourth is to improve the
      system management system, reconstruct the existing system, and build a streamlined and efficient system. The fifth
      is to continue to organise top leaders, compliance officers, and compliance supervisors to carry out compliance
      education and case warning education to enhance employees’ awareness on compliance. The sixth is to strengthen
      employee behavior management, strengthen the use of employee behavior management tools, and implement
      employee behavior management. The seventh is to build an on-site joint inspection mechanism, fully integrate
      various inspection activities such as business lines, risks, compliance, audits and party committee inspections, actively
      promote the exchange and sharing of inspection resources, inspection information, and inspection tools among
      various departments, and strengthen on-site inspections. Overall coordination, while effectively improving the quality
      and efficiency of inspections, has also greatly reduced the inspection burden of the units being inspected. Eighthly,
      the digital construction of internal control and compliance is accelerated, the internal control and compliance data
      resources are integrated, and the quality and efficiency of internal control, comprehensively enhancing compliance
      management.
88   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


     3.11.9 Money laundering risk management
           Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be used by the three types of activities such as
           “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of conducting business
           and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering risk management
           mechanism, including a governance structure with clear responsibilities from the Board and senior management to
           ordinary employees, a comprehensive system coverage, an effective risk assessment and monitoring system, scientific
           anti-money laundering data governance, and elements such as targeted management of customers or businesses
           associated with high risks, efficient anti-money laundering automated system support, independent inspection and
           auditing, and continuous and effective anti-money laundering compliance training, so as to provide guarantee for
           the Company’s stable and compliance operations.
           During the reporting period, the Company proactively fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and took
           various measures to ensure the effectiveness of its money laundering risk management. The first was to optimise
           the institution’s money laundering risk assessment mechanism and incorporate institutional money laundering
           risk management practices into comprehensive risk management. The second was to further improve the
           anti-money laundering internal control system based on the actual situation of money laundering risks and business
           development. The third was to continue to carry out customer and product money laundering risk rating, strengthen
           risk management of customers and products associated with high risks, and continue to optimise the anti-money
           laundering business process. The fourth was to coordinate overseas institutions and subsidiaries to ensure the
           consistency of the Group’s money laundering risk management. At the same time, the Company continued
           to increase scientific and technological investment in the field of anti-money laundering, actively explored the
           application of AI technology in the field of anti-money laundering, improved the system’s risk control efficiency and
           external service capabilities, and enhanced the effectiveness of money laundering risk management.



     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
           Thanks to the availability of vaccines, recovery will become the main theme of the global economy in 2021.
           Externally, with the gradual effect of the vaccine, the economic situation in the United States and Europe is expected
           to accelerate recovery in the second quarter and return to pre-pandemic level, which will boost China’s external
           demand. Domestically, benefiting from adoption of efficient pandemic prevention and control measures, China saw
           that economic fundamentals continue to perk up, production momentum maintains strong, and demand is steadily
           picking up. It is expected that the three major global economies, namely China, the United States and Europe will
           achieve a resonated recovery.
           Affected by the low base, China’s GDP will enjoy a significant growth in 2021, accompanying the growth
           momentum to be changed. In terms of consumption, driven by rehabilitated income, the residents’ spending
           power and consumption willingness will increase, therefore consumption will continue to return to the central
           level as before, becoming an important force to promote economic growth. In terms of investment, investment in
           manufacturing industry will become a bright spot in the economic development driven by demand recovery, climbing
           corporate profits, improved entrepreneur expectation, and loan granting in favour of manufacturing industry.
           Investment in real estate and infrastructure is expected to remain stable, however its contribution to economic
           growth will marginally decline. In terms of trade, despite the substitution effect on production in China for other
           countries will abate, it is estimated that the export will still maintain resilient with the stimulation brought by the
           recovery of global trade. The import is expected to grow further, driven by the improvement of domestic demand
           and the rebound of commodity prices. In terms of prices, affected by the factors such as increased pork supply and
           high base numbers, the CPI will decline as compared with previous year, and the PPI will increase driven by booming
           domestic and external demand. With the commencement of implementation of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, China will
           step into a new stage of development and vigorously build a new development pattern under the new development
           philosophy.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       89
Annual Report 2020


      Under the current economic situation, the Company intends to increase loans and advances to customers by
      approximately 11% and expects that the customer deposits will increase by approximately 13% in 2021.
      In the face of the new macroeconomic situation, following principles underlying industry development, giving full
      play to its own advantages, adhering to the strategic direction of “Light-model Bank” and the strategic positioning
      of “One Body with Two Wings”, the Company focuses on customer experience and takes risk management as the
      foundation to build a cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management. Leveraging on mutual promotion through
      the establishment of Digital Bank and the advancing of an organisational culture of openness and integration,
      the Company continues to explore the 3.0 business model of commercial bank operation, actively serves the
      real economy while striving to accomplish high-quality development and manages to create greater value for its
      shareholders. The specific operation strategy is as follows:
      The first is to further develop the cyclic value chain of extensive wealth management. Taking the customers’ capital
      flow as the channel, the Company will effectively connect the customers’ needs at the investment end to those
      at the financing end, and further develop the cyclic value chain of “wealth management – asset management
      – investment banking”. With a more open mind, the Company will promote the integration of “One Body with
      Two Wings” at a higher level, better integrate the advantages of China Merchants Bank with the resources of the
      whole society, realise the docking, flow and retention of the customers’ funds and assets in the platform of China
      Merchants Bank, and build up an interactive ecosystem of funds supply, fund management and financing, so as to
      strengthen the “flywheel effect” and better create value for customers.
      The second is to accelerate the transformation of the three major business models. The Company will speed up
      digital transformation and comprehensively upgrade the product system, service model and intelligent capabilities of
      CMB APP. The Company will accelerate platform-based transformation, create an open service platform, integrate
      high-quality resources around the whole society to provide customers with non-stop financial services. The Company
      will exploit the advantage of “people + digital” to the full and create value for customers with professional
      capabilities. The Company will change profit models and vigorously develop consulting wealth management and
      discretionary entrustment business model to realise its own value in the process of creating value for customers in
      the long-term. The Company will manage to make breakthrough on wholesale business which is restricted to serve
      customers with its own balance sheet, and make full use of internal and external resources to meet various financing
      needs of customers. The Company will accelerate ecological transformation, improve the quality of living scenario
      construction and operational capabilities, and expedite the breakthrough of industrial internet and corporate digital
      services.
      The third is to continuously improve risk management capabilities. The Company will set up a risk management
      system that is compatible to extensive wealth management and implement risk control strategy throughout the
      entire process of asset organisation, product creation, asset allocation, investor suitability, and post-investment
      management. The Company will systematically enhance industry research and customer recognition to build an
      industry classification system with its own characteristics. The Company will improve the one central management
      mechanism among the whole process for key customers with large transaction value, implement real estate-related
      regulatory policies and optimise customer, business and regional structure. The Company will improve response
      mechanisms to strictly prevent sanction risks and noncompliance risks.
      The fourth is to further promote the Fintech construction. The Company will propel the transformation of data
      centers towards cloud computing centers, continue to promote the construction of technology middle-office,
      improve the market governance mechanism of Application Programming Interface (API) application, enhance the
      user experience on the API application market, improve the framework of data milled-office and strengthen data
      governance.
      The fifth is to persist in promoting organisational cultural reform under the overall situation of openness and
      integration and push forward the transformation of openness and integration from physical reaction to chemical
      reaction. The Company will take cross-border integrated organisation as an effective organisational method to
      handle complex tasks and create an organisational form that meets the needs of different scenarios. The Company
      will further improve the talent exchange system and the cadre exchange mechanism, while avoiding the departmental
      barrier to enhance the practicality and empowering frontlines of middle-office.
90   China Merchants Bank            Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.13 Profit Appropriation
     3.13.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2020
           10% of the audited net profit of the Company for 2020 of RMB88.674 billion, equivalent to RMB8.867 billion,
           was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the total balance of the risk assets, equivalent to
           RMB8.247 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H
           Shares on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash
           dividend of RMB1.253 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on
           the register, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The
           actual appropriation amount in HKD will be calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark rates to be
           released by the PBOC for the week before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting (inclusive of the day of the
           shareholders’ general meeting). The retained profits will be carried forward to the next year. In 2020, the Company
           did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital. The above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration
           and approval at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
           For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
           the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2020 Annual General
           Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2020, the Company will make further
           announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
           Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2021.



     3.13.2 Profit appropriation for the last three years
                                                                                                                          Net profit Proportion of
                                                                                                                        attributable cash dividend
                                                                                 Number                                   to holders to net profit
                                                                                of shares                                of ordinary   attributable
                                                                               issued on                               shares in the     to holders
                                      Number                               capitalisation           Total cash         consolidated     of ordinary
                                     of bonus Cash dividend                   of surplus             dividends              financial shares in the
                                    shares for     for every                 reserve for             (inclusive          statements consolidated
                                   every share    share held                 every share             of tax, in         for the year       financial
                                  held (No. of  (inclusive of               held (No. of            millions of      (in millions of    statements
           Year                        shares) tax, in RMB)                       shares)                 RMB)                 RMB)             (%)
           2018                                   –               0.94                      –             23,707               78,901                   30.05
           2019                                   –               1.20                      –             30,264               91,197                   33.19
           2020(note)                             –              1.253                      –             31,601               95,691                   33.02

           Note:   The profit appropriation plan for 2020 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                        91
Annual Report 2020


3.13.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
      1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
             of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
             (1)       Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of the investors,
                       and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability.
             (2)       The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                       it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                       and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                       the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                       investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                       Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                       net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                       PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                       resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorised
                       by the shareholders at a shareholders’ general meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation
                       plan.
             (3)       If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did
                       not make any cash profit appropriation proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the
                       Company shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in
                       the periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard.
             (4)       If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match
                       the size of share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the
                       Board of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement
                       the same upon consideration and approval at a shareholders’ general meeting, provided that the
                       abovementioned cash profit appropriation requirements are satisfied.
             (5)       The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                       domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                       pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                       declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                       for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                       be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State.
             (6)       Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                       has been identified, the Company shall make deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to such
                       shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated.
             (7)       The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                       relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
      2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2019 was implemented in
             strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co.,
             Ltd.. It was considered and approved by the 9th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors
             of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2019 Annual General Meeting. The
             criteria and proportion of cash dividend were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the Company
             has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2020
             will also be implemented in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of
             China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. It will be considered and approved by the 22nd meeting of the Eleventh
             Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2020
             Annual General Meeting of the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have expressed their
             independent opinions on the profit appropriation plans for 2019 and 2020 that the profit appropriation plans
             of the Company and their implementation process have provided adequate protection for the legitimate
             rights and interests of minority investors.
92   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020



     3.14 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
           The Company attaches great importance to ESG. Through the promotion of basic social responsibility and ESG
           concepts in the industry, the Company promotes the integration of ESG concepts into the daily work of its
           businesses and functional departments, conducts regular communications with the shareholders, investors,
           regulatory authorities, customers, communities and other important stakeholders through various channels, listens
           to and understands the concerns of stakeholders in a timely manner, and works together with the stakeholders to
           jointly improve the Company’s level in fulfilling social responsibilities and managing ESG risks.
           In 2020, the Company proactively put its efforts into security of financial products, information security and privacy
           protection, green finance, inclusive finance, pandemic prevention and control, poverty alleviation, human resources
           development and participation in community construction, proactively fulfilled social responsibilities, and effectively
           managed the environmental and social risks. For details, please refer to “2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
           Sustainability Report” published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           and the Company. The relevant disclosures are in compliance with the requirements of the “Environmental, Social
           and Governance Reporting Guide” issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



           Environmental information
           During the reporting period, the Company focused on the national “14th Five-Year Plan” and the “3060” carbon
           emission goals of “peaking carbon dioxide emissions” and “carbon neutral”, furthered the development of green
           finance, and actively responded to climate change risks. During the reporting period, the Company did not have any
           environmental violation incident.
           In terms of green credit, the Company strengthened green industry research, actively conducted research on
           green environmental protection industry, and deepened industrial awareness. The Company improved the policy
           system, formulated the “Green Credit Policy”, “Credit Policy for Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection
           Industry” and other credit policies, as well as credit review guidelines such as the “Credit Review Guideline for Wind
           Power and Equipment Manufacturing Industry”, the “Credit Review Guideline for Atmospheric Environment Control
           and Equipment Industry”, the “Credit Review Guideline for Biomass Power Generation”, and the “Credit Review
           Guideline for Waste Incineration Power Generation Project”, so as to further divert credit resources to industries
           and enterprises with low energy consumption, low resources consumption, low pollution and low emissions. The
           Company also strictly controlled credit granted to industries with high pollution, high energy consumption and
           overcapacity, promoted the digestion, integration, transfer and elimination of overcapacity industries such as steel,
           cement, glass and electrolytic aluminum, and controlled new loans to industries with high pollution and high energy
           consumption to effectively prevent and control credit risks and environmental risks. As at the end of report period,
           the green loan balance of the Company was RMB207.133 billion, representing an increase of RMB30.360 billion or
           17.17% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was higher than the increase of 8.88 percent points
           in corporate loans and advances. Green loan was mainly granted to the fields of comprehensive utilisation of energy
           conservation and environmental protection, clean energy and green transportation.
China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       93
Annual Report 2020


      In terms of green bond issuance, during the reporting period, the Company issued the “Green, Social Responsibility
      and Sustainable Development Bond Framework of China Merchants Bank” to finance or refinance qualified assets or
      projects with environmental or social benefits. Every green, social or sustainable development bond issued under this
      framework was in compliance with the three major principles of the International Capital Market Association (ICMA),
      namely the “Green Bond Principles”, “Social Bond Principles” and “Sustainable Development Bond Principles”. At
      the same time, green projects in mainland China must also comply with the “Catalogue of Green Bond Supported
      Projects” (
               《綠色債券支持項目目錄》              ) formulated by the Green Finance Committee of the PBOC and relevant industry
      standards issued by other competent ministries. During the reporting period, the Company issued 2 bonds in
      total under this framework, being a green bond of USD800 million and a sustainable bond of USD300 million,
      respectively.
      In terms of green bond underwriting, during the reporting period, the Company assisted 4 enterprises in issuing 5
      green bonds, with a total issuance size of RMB8.3 billion, among which, the bonds with the Company as the lead
      underwriter amounted to RMB5.4 billion, strongly supporting the direct financing of environmental-friendly and
      low-carbon enterprises.
      In terms of green operation, the Company has given full play to the advantages of Fintech, reformed service
      processes, and continued to develop paperless operations such as online business and online approval. The Company
      vigorously promoted the electronic billing service of credit cards. During the reporting period, the Company saved
      more than 1.9 billion pieces of paper and achieved an environmental-friendly green transformation. At the same
      time, the Company continued to promote a series of energy-saving and consumption reduction work in the office
      areas, such as the renewal of cooling towers, the upgrade and transformation of chiller control systems and the
      energy-saving lighting of parking garages, and improved the efficiency of air distribution in its own data center, so
      as to reduce power consumption, thereby optimising the energy efficiency indicators of the data center year by year.



      Security of financial products
      In terms of the display of agency sales products, the Company highlighted the reminders of product management
      agencies in various sales channels and information query platforms to distinguish between proprietary wealth
      management products and agency sales of wealth management products, so as to help customers identify the
      sources of products. In terms of system restrictions, the sales system is used to limit over-risk purchases, and the
      second level of risk confirmation is added for groups such as elderly customers. In terms of sales quality control,
      the Company set up special wealth management products sales areas in its outlets to strictly implement the
      requirements on audio and video recording during the sales process.
      At the same time, in order to help customers better understand wealth management products, the Company carried
      out a series of investor education activities during the reporting period, such as clarification of the basic concepts
      of net-value wealth management, interpretation of relevant policies and regulations, live product roadshows and
      one-minute short videos on wealth management, and through monthly investment strategy reviews, quarterly
      product operation reports, aperiodic market fluctuation reviews, product strategy review reports and others, the
      Company popularised financial knowledge to customers.
94   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Information security and privacy protection
           The Company conscientiously implemented the “Network Security Law of the People’s Republic of China” (           《中
           華人民共和國網絡安全法》               ) and other laws and regulations and the “Security Management Regulation on Mobile
           Financial Client Application Software” (
                                                 《移動金融客戶端應用軟件安全管理規範》                        ) and other requirements, formulated
           the “Management Measures for Retail Finance Personal Information of China Merchants Bank (Fourth Edition)” (     《招
           商銀行零售金融個人信息管理辦法（第四版)》                       ), specified the basic principles of personal information protection are
           “protection in accordance with laws, grading the responsibilities, information confidentiality, authority management,
           system management, and violations must be investigated”, and adopted a monitoring and management mechanism
           to ensure strict implementation of the systems. The Company carried out special information security governance
           activities, at the same time, strictly controlled the scope of data authorisation, standardised the approval
           management of important aspects of data use, strengthened the supervision and inspection of daily database use
           and management, and regularly evaluated and rectified data risks to strictly prevent data leakage risks. During the
           reporting period, the Company did not have any incident of information security and personal privacy leakage.



           Consumer rights protection
           In 2020, the Company further deepened its understanding of the importance of protecting the rights of financial
           consumers, fully affirmed the principal consciousness as the first person responsible for protecting the rights of
           financial consumers and regarded protecting the rights of financial consumers as an important part of its operation
           strategy and corporate culture. The Company constantly improved the matching of the consumer rights protection
           system of the Company and its organisational structure, operational scale and business nature, continuously
           enhanced the management of operational activities and business processes, and strictly performed its principal
           responsibility for protecting the rights of financial consumers.
           In 2019, the Company had officially established the consumer rights protection system with the working procedures
           of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee as the top-level design, the management measures for consumer
           rights protection as the main body, and a series of supporting systems and working mechanisms as replenishments.
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote and deepen the consumer rights protection work,
           and the relevant major issues are as follows:
           Firstly, with respect to full-process management and control, the Company constantly improved and updated the
           “Working Regulations for Consumer Rights Protection and Service Supervision Management Committee of China
           Merchants Bank (2nd Edition)”, and newly formulated the “Management Measures for Emergency Response to
           Incidents of Consumer Rights Protection of China Merchants Bank”. Meanwhile, the Company continued to review
           the consumer rights protection in respect of financial products and services, covering the design and development
           of various products and services, rules and regulations, contract texts, various advertising and marketing activities,
           etc., and supervised the relevant implementation results through the monitoring and inspection of consumer rights
           protection, internal audits and other means, thus effectively and consistently implementing various regulatory
           requirements, and ensuring that our business operation was legally carried out under the regulatory framework.
           Secondly, with regards to the publicity and education of financial knowledge, the Company fully leveraged the
           characteristics of its customer base comprising more of young customers to innovate and constantly carry out the
           financial knowledge publicity and education activities by “focusing on online channels and supplementing with
           offline channels (線上為主、線下為輔)”. Through active publicity in cooperation with different industries, and
           taking advantage of the current short-video craze, the Company launched “Zhao Xiao Bao (招小寶)” WeChat video
           account, in which financial knowledge was popularised through interesting short videos, with a focus on creating
           a series of down-to-earth, practical and popular contents for the elderly and other groups. The Company set up a
           special publicity and education area at each business outlet for a long term to carry out daily education activities,
           so as to effectively remind consumers of financial risks and intercept frauds, and it also encouraged each branch to
           carry out various normal financial knowledge publicity activities based on their respective conditions. Among them,
           the Company’s self-created micro-film “The Adventures of Aunt Ma (馬阿姨歷險記)” tells the story of its branch
           employees identifying a financial fraud and helping Aunt Ma avoid financial loss, which was adopted and released
           by the “Xuexi.cn (學習強國)” APP.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                    95
Annual Report 2020


      Thirdly, as for complaint management, the Company earnestly implemented regulatory requirements, further
      improved the complaint management system, and publicised complaint channel information at business outlets,
      official websites and CMB APP to ensure that its customers can easily access to the information of complaint
      acceptance channel. The Company continuously explored the more scientific and efficient approaches to conduct
      complaint management, and established the work mechanism for acceptance, classification, handling and feedback
      of complaints of the whole Bank as well as the diversified resolution of disputes. The Company utilised Fintech to
      develop a consumer complaint management system to achieve refined management and standardised classification
      of consumer complaints, revised the “Management Measures for Customer Complaints of China Merchants Bank
      (5th Edition)”, specifically formulated a chapter on diversified resolution of disputes, and established the quick
      settlement and compensation mechanism for financial disputes, so as to ensure that the whole Bank can handle
      complaints in compliance with laws and regulations. In 2020, the Company received a total of 27,992 complaints
      passed over from regulatory authorities, which are shown by regional distribution in the following table.


                                     Number of                            Number of                             Number of
      Region                         complaints Region                    complaints Region                     complaints
      Beijing                                 405   Fujian                      114   Yunnan                             70
      Tianjin                                 127   Jiangxi                      59   Tibet                               0
      Hebei                                    21   Shandong                    646   Shaanxi                           179
      Shanxi                                   52   Henan                        57   Gansu                              17
      Inner Mongolia                           22   Hubei                       318   Qinghai                             6
      Liaoning                                152   Hunan                        94   Ningxia                            38
      Jilin                                    14   Guangdong                   471   Xinjiang                           33
      Heilongjiang                             55   Guangxi                      20   Dalian                             39
      Shanghai(Note)                       19,998   Hainan                        5   Ningbo                             45
      Jiangsu                                 401   Chongqing                   117   Xiamen                             27
      Zhejiang                                139   Sichuan                     123   Qingdao                           243
      Anhui                                    85   Guizhou                       7   Shenzhen                        3,793

      Note:   Including credit card complaints.



      During the reporting period, the Voice of Customers (including customer complaints, rationalisation suggestions,
      opinions, etc.) of the whole Bank had an occurrence rate of 0.31%. The complaints related to credit cards and debit
      cards accounted for 63% and 37% in terms of the business classification of the Voice of Customers, respectively.



      Targeted poverty alleviation
      Targeted poverty alleviation planning: The Company resolutely implemented the decisions and arrangements of
      the Central Committee of the CPC and the State Council on poverty alleviation, and regarded targeted and fixed-
      point poverty alleviation as its key political tasks, for which it has established a leading group with the Secretary of
      the Party Committee and the President as the first person responsible for coordinating the cross-division poverty
      alleviation efforts under the leadership of the Party Committee. The Company optimised poverty alleviation
      mechanism, focused on the difficulties of poverty alleviation, continuously increased its assistance and carried out
      innovation of poverty alleviation products to reinforce the targeted and fixed-point poverty alleviation efforts and
      fight the battle of targeted poverty alleviation, by centering around the basic poverty alleviation standards known
      as “two no-worries and three guarantees (no worry about food and no worry about clothes, and guarantee of
      compulsory education, guarantee of basic medical care and guarantee of safe housing)” and adhering to the poverty
      alleviation guideline of “really conducting poverty alleviation and helping the people really in need”. It successfully
      helped Yongren County and Wuding County, Yunnan Province to get rid of poverty on 30 April 2019 and 16 May
      2020, respectively.
96   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           Summary of annual targeted poverty alleviation: During the reporting period, the Company entered into the
           “Fixed-point Poverty Alleviation Responsibility Statement for State-owned Entities (  《中央單位定點扶貧責任書》              )”,
           for which it invested supporting funds of RMB44,366,100, helped raise supporting funds of RMB1,981,100,
           trained 1,168 grassroots officials and 3,625 technicians, purchased agricultural products worth RMB12,506,000
           from poverty-stricken areas, and helped poverty-stricken areas to sell agricultural products worth RMB3,930,700
           in Wuding County and Yongren County, Yunnan Province, thus successfully accomplishing the tasks listed in the
           “Fixed-point Poverty Alleviation Responsibility Statement for State-owned Entities”. During the reporting period,
           the Company actively carried out fixed-point poverty alleviation through education, cultural development, industrial
           support, consumption, professional expertise and job creation, and utilised the “party-building mechanism” to push
           forward poverty alleviation in safe housing, healthcare and drinking water safety. In addition to the “CMB Hope
           Primary School (招銀希望小學)” education brand for poverty alleviation, the Company funded the construction of
           70 “CMB Rural Clinics (招銀鄉村衛生室)” to help secure the basic medical service for 118,612 people in 66 village
           committees in the two counties, thus making initial achievements in the poverty alleviation through healthcare
           improvement. In addition, President Tian Huiyu and Executive Vice President Wang Yungui both led a team to
           conduct research on poverty alleviation in each of the two counties, and offered on-site guidance on poverty
           alleviation. During the reporting period, the Company granted targeted poverty alleviation loans amounting
           to RMB4.584 billion on a national scale, including RMB2.248 billion and RMB2.336 billion of accurate poverty
           alleviation loans for individuals and entities, respectively.


           The following table set forth the statistics of the Company’s targeted poverty alleviation efforts:
           Indicator                                                                        Quantity and implementation status
           I.     General information
                  Funds                                                      Directly invested supporting funds of RMB44,366,100
                                                                                            in Wuding County and Yongren County
           II.    Itemised investment
                  Poverty alleviation through industrial development
                     Types of projects for poverty alleviation through       Tourism, markets, demonstration parks, cooperatives,
                       industrial development                                                water supply and other project types
                     Number of projects for poverty alleviation through                                                        16
                       industrial development
                     Invested amount of projects for poverty alleviation                                              RMB5,468,500
                       through industrial development
                  Poverty alleviation through transferred employment
                     Number of persons receiving vocational skill                                                              3,625
                       training (person/time)
                     Number of registered impoverished people getting                                                            533
                       employed with the help offered (person)
                  Poverty alleviation through education
                     Amount of investment in financing needy students                                                 RMB9,357,000
                     Number of needy students financed (person)                                                              5,447
                  Poverty alleviation through healthcare improvement
                     Amount of investment in the medical and                                                         RMB19,326,500
                       health resources of poverty-stricken areas
                  Guaranteed basic living standard for
                     people unable to work
                     Amount of investment in helping needy                                                            RMB2,706,500
                       disabled people
                     Number of needy disabled people assisted (person)               The projects can benefit all disabled people in
                                                                                             Wuding County and Yongren County

           Follow-up planning: The Company will resolutely implement the decisions and deployments of the Central Committee
           of the CPC and the State Council on rural revitalisation, adhere to the solemn promise of “being committed to truly
           achieving poverty alleviation with continuous supports (脫貧不脫鈎)”, optimise assistance mechanism, and constantly
           increase its supporting efforts with a focus on solving the difficulties of poverty alleviation and rural revitalisation in
           the Wuding County and Yongren County in Yunnan Province.
China Merchants Bank       Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors                                                       97
Annual Report 2020


      Governance information
      The Company continued to carry out management innovations to improve the effectiveness of corporate governance.
      Through years of practice and exploration, the corporate governance of the Company has been continuously
      improved and perfected, and has truly achieved efficient operation in both formality and content. The core of the
      Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to the leadership of the Party, strengthen Party-building,
      continuously play the core role of the Party in corporate governance, and integrate the leadership of the Party into
      all aspects of corporate governance. The key to the Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to
      the President assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, the market-based talent
      selection and employment mechanism and the remuneration incentive mechanism. The Company’s shareholding
      structure is reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviors are regulated. The Shareholders’ General Meeting is the
      Company’s authority and exercises its powers according to law. The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors
      and the senior management diligently perform their duties, especially the Company’s adherence to the President
      assuming full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of Directors, which provides a fundamental guarantee
      for the long-term, healthy and sustainable development of the Company. The Board of Directors mainly controls
      overall situation, steers development direction and ensures efficient implementation, focusing on strategic guidance,
      risk management, incentives and constraints. The Board of Supervisors takes “strengthening duty performance
      supervision while serving operation and development” as its guiding concept to create the pragmatic and efficient
      supervision system with clear boundaries and comprehensive coverage, so as to effectively safeguard the legitimate
      rights of corporate governance stakeholders such as the Company, its shareholders and employees. The Company
      has established a sound hierarchical discussion and management authorisation system under which the President
      is accountable to the Board of Directors. The Company adheres to the market-oriented talent selection and
      employment mechanism and the remuneration incentive mechanism to fully stimulate the vitality of talents, and
      guides officials and employees to establish the concept of sharing interests and risks with the Company, thereby
      providing a strong mechanism guarantee for its long-term stable development.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company actively performed its duties in inclusive
      finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities. (1) The “Proposal on Addition of Inclusive Finance
      Development into the Duties of the Strategy Committee under the Board” and the “Inclusive Finance Development
      for 2019 and Work Plan Report for 2020” were reviewed and approved by the Strategy Committee of the Board
      of Directors. The Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors was additionally given the duties for inclusive
      finance development, for which it shall take charge of reviewing the Company’s strategic plan, annual operation
      plan and basic management system for inclusive finance development, and better guiding the development of
      the Company’s inclusive finance. (2) The “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2019” and the “Work
      Report on Consumer Rights Protection for the first half of 2020” were reviewed and approved by the Related Party
      Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors and the “Analysis
      Report on Customer Complaints of the Whole Bank for 2019” and the “Report on Interpretation of Key Points of
      the Implementation Measures for the Financial Consumer Rights Protection of the People’s Bank of China” were
      reviewed. (3) The “Proposal on Addition of Inclusive Finance Development into the Duties of the Strategy Committee
      under the Board”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2019 and Work Plan Report for 2020”, the “Work Report
      on Consumer Rights Protection for 2019” and the “Social Responsibility Report for 2019” were reviewed and
      approved by the Board of Directors. (4) The “Report on Promoting the Sustainable Development of Inclusive Finance
      with Fintech” was reviewed at the board meeting of Non-executive Directors.
98   China Merchants Bank        Chapter III Report of the Board of Directors
     Annual Report 2020


           During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company gave full play to its role in supervising the
           duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior management, and actively and effectively protected the
           legitimate interests of the Company, shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders. (1) The Board of
           Supervisors reviewed and listened to the “Social Responsibility Report for 2019”, the “Work Report on Consumer
           Rights Protection of the Whole Bank for 2019” and other issues, and continuously supervised the Company’s
           performance on social responsibilities, especially its efforts in consumer rights protection. (2) The Supervisors
           attended the meetings of the Board of Directors and its special committees, focusing on the Board of Directors’
           review on the issues related to inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, and
           expressed their opinions and suggestions. (3) They attended senior management meetings such as the meetings of
           the President’s office to supervise the implementation by the senior management of the resolutions of the Board
           of Directors and the specific measures related to ESG matters. (4) The Employee Supervisors reported duties to the
           Worker’s Congress as scheduled, reporting on their participation in the work of the Board of Supervisors for 2019,
           while collecting and feeding back the opinions and demands of employee representatives to relevant departments,
           and placed caring for and meeting the needs of employees in work, family, physical and mental health as the first
           priority. In addition, the Board of Supervisors also used the opportunity to conduct researches in branches to express
           its solicitude to frontline employees and their families over the difficulties encountered and hard work done in the
           battle against the pandemic, truly reflecting its care for employees and protection of their interests.
           For more details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter VII.



     3.15 Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
           During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material respects with the relevant laws and
           regulations that have a significant impact on the operations of the Company.



     3.16 Management Contracts
           No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
           the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.



     3.17 Permitted Indemnity Provision
           The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisor and
           senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisor and senior management arising out
           of corporate activities.
99   China Merchants Bank   IV Important Events
     Annual Report 2020




     Creating a bright future
     Important Events

     by virtue of responsibility
     Supporting the construction of Huoshenshan and other
     quarantine hospitals as the lead underwriter of the
     first batch of bonds for
     pandemic prevention and
     control in China




     Giving play to its financing advantages in the bond
     market, CMB successfully led the underwriting of
     RMB300 million ultra short-term commercial paper issued by
     China Nanshan Development (Group) Co., Ltd.
     in the inter-bank bond market.
100   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
      Annual Report 2020



      Important Events

      4.1 Principal Business Activities
            The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



      4.2 Financial Highlights
            Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



      4.3 Shareholders’ Equity
            For details of changes in shareholders’ equity of the Company, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of
            Changes in Shareholders’ Equity” in the financial statements.



      4.4 Fixed Assets
            Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the
            financial statements.



      4.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
            Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
            during the reporting period.



      4.6 Pre-emptive Rights
            There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
            of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



      4.7 Retirement and Welfare
            Details about retirement and welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the
            financial statements.



      4.8 Principal Customers
            As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
            did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
China Merchants Bank           IV Important Events                                                                                       101
Annual Report 2020



4.9 Interests and Short Positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief
    Executives under Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
      As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
      the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (as
      defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
      Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors, Supervisors
      and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which
      are required to be and are recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as
      otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set
      out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:
                                                                                                            Percentage    Percentage
                                                                                                                 of the         of the
                                                                                                         relevant class   total issued
                                                 Class of   Long/short                            No. of      of shares      ordinary
      Name             Position                  shares     position        Capacity              shares   in issue (%)    shares (%)
      Tian Huiyu       Executive Director,       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     335,500       0.00163       0.00133
                         President and Chief
                         Executive Officer
      Zhou Song        Non-Executive Director    A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282       0.00011       0.00009
      Liu Jianjun      Executive Director,       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     240,000       0.00116       0.00095
                         Executive Vice
                         President and
                         Secretary of
                         Board of Directors
      Wang Liang       Executive Director,       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     240,000       0.00116       0.00095
                         Executive Vice
                         President and Chief
                         Financial Officer
      Liu Yuan         Chairman of Board of      A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     270,000       0.00131       0.00107
                         Supervisors, Employee
                         Supervisor
      Wang Wanqing     Employee Supervisor       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     181,000       0.00088       0.00072
      Liu Xiaoming     Employee Supervisor       A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner     145,000       0.00070       0.00057




4.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
     the Company
      During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
      compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



4.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
     Supervisors and Senior Management
      Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
      material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.
102   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
      Annual Report 2020



      4.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
           Supervisors
            During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts of
            significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors of
            the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company
            within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



      4.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
           Supervisors or Senior Management
            During the reporting period, none of the Company, its Directors, Supervisors or senior management was subject to
            investigation by relevant authorities or to mandatory measures imposed by judicial organs or disciplinary inspection
            authorities. None of them had been referred or handed over to judicial authorities or prosecuted for criminal
            liability, under investigation or administrative sanction by the CSRC, nor had they been prohibited from engagement
            in the securities markets, determined as unqualified persons, or been publicly censured by any stock exchange. The
            Company has not been penalised by other regulatory bodies which have significant impact on the businesses of the
            Company.



      4.14 Explanation on the Integrity Profile of the Company
            There has not been any court judgment over significant litigations with which the Company has not fulfilled, nor has
            there been any outstanding debt of significant amount during the reporting period.



      4.15 Undertakings
            In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船股份有限公司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
            Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
            Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
            terms more favorable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of the
            loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company. Upon
            expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until they
            obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
            transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting
            of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
            impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
            Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
            Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above shareholders had not
            violated the aforesaid undertakings.
            According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
            Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
            Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting on 26 May 2017, and formulated the remedial measures in respect
            of the dilution of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance
            of preference shares. The measures include adhering to the strategic direction of “Light-model Bank” and the
            strategic positioning of “One Body with Two Wings”, creating differentiated competitive advantages, strengthening
            the awareness of capital constraints and return on capital, striving to reduce capital consumption, improving the
            efficiency of capital utilisation, strengthening the management of asset quality, and maintaining a stable return
            policy for the holders of ordinary shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also
            undertook to earnestly implement the remedial measures. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the
            reporting period, neither the Company nor its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid
            undertakings.
China Merchants Bank                 IV Important Events                                                                   103
Annual Report 2020



4.16 Significant Connected Transactions14
4.16.1 Overview of connected transactions
         A majority of the continuing connected transactions of the Company met the de minimis exemption and the
         non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the reporting and announcement requirements under the
         Hong Kong Listing Rules.



4.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
         Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
         Company were those conducted by the Company with CMFM and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CMFM
         Group”), and CM Securities and its associates (hereinafter referred to as “CM Securities Group”), respectively.
         With the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, on 3 December 2019, the Company announced that
         the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for the years of 2020, 2021 and 2022
         were RMB1.4 billion, RMB1.6 billion and RMB1.8 billion, respectively. On 27 March 2018, the Company announced
         that the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions with CM Securities Group for the years of 2018,
         2019 and 2020 were RMB500 million. For details of the above continuing connected transactions, please refer to
         the relevant announcements issued by the Company on 3 December 2019 and 27 March 2018, respectively.
         CMFM Group
         At the end of the reporting period, the Company and CM Securities held 55% and 45% of the equity interest in
         CMFM, respectively. CMFM Group is a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
         fund distribution agency service provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted the continuing connected
         transactions of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
         On 3 December 2019, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM for a term
         commencing on 1 January 2020 and expiring on 31 December 2022. The agreement was entered into on an arm’s
         length basis and calculated on normal commercial terms. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates
         specified in the fund offering documents and/or the offering prospectuses, and pay agency service fees to the
         Company in accordance with the agreement.
         The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group for 2020 was
         RMB1.4 billion, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of
         the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
         reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and exempt from the
         independent shareholders’ approval requirement.
         In 2020, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group amounted to RMB1.227
         billion.




14   “Connected Transaction(s)” and “Connected Parties” in this section are the terms of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
104   China Merchants Bank        IV Important Events
      Annual Report 2020


            CM Securities Group
            At the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. indirectly held 29.97% of the equity interest in
            the Company (by way of equity interests held, right of control or relationship of parties acting in concert). As China
            Merchants Group also held 44.17% of the equity interest in CM Securities, CM Securities Group is a connected
            person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The third-party custodian accounts, sales of funds,
            account custodian, the agency sales for wealth management products and collective investment products and other
            services provided by the Company to CM Securities Group constituted the continuing connected transactions of the
            Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
            On 27 March 2018, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CM Securities for a term
            commencing on 1 January 2018 and expiring on 31 December 2020. The agreement was entered into on normal
            commercial principles after an arm’s length negotiation, pursuant to which CM Securities Group shall pay the service
            fees to the Company at the normal market prices.
            The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM Securities Group for 2020
            was RMB500 million, in respect of which the relevant percentage ratios calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07
            of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions would only be subject to the
            reporting, announcement and annual review requirements, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
            requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
            In 2020, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CM Securities Group amounted to
            RMB180 million.



      4.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
            The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
            continuing connected transactions between the Company and each of CMFM Group and CM Securities Group and
            confirmed that:
            1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
            2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                   shareholders as a whole;
            3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
            4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
            Furthermore, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to review the continuing connected transactions
            of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements
            Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
            Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
            Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors has confirmed the findings, conclusions and the
            unqualified letter issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions
            in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. A copy of the letter has been provided by the
            Company to the SEHK.
China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events                                                                               105
Annual Report 2020


4.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
      The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
      statements. These transactions comprised those between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary
      course of business, including borrowings, investments, deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and
      other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions were conducted on normal
      commercial terms in the ordinary course of business of the Company, which constituted the connected transactions
      under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and complied with the applicable requirements thereof.



4.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
      Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
      the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 208 pending
      cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate of principal and
      interest of RMB928 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration cases would
      have a significant adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



4.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance
      Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
      leasing of assets
      During the reporting period, the Company did not have any discloseable significant events involving holding in
      custody, contracting or hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies by the Company or vice versa.



      Significant guarantees
      Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for the
      financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the CBIRC, the Company did not have
      any other significant discloseable guarantees.



      Explanatory notes and independent opinions of the Independent Non-Executive
      Directors on the guarantees of China Merchants Bank
      In accordance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Independent
      Non-Executive Directors of the Company carried out a due diligence review of the external guarantees of the
      Company for 2020 on an open, fair and objective basis, and issued their opinions on the special review as follows:
      After review, it was ascertained that the external guarantee business of China Merchants Bank was approved by
      the CBIRC, and it was carried out in the ordinary course of business of banks as a conventional business. As at 31
      December 2020, the balance of the irrevocable guarantees of China Merchants Bank was RMB213.353 billion.
      China Merchants Bank emphasises the risk management of the guarantee business. It has formulated specific
      management measures and operation workflow according to the risk profile of this business. In addition, China
      Merchants Bank has enhanced risk monitoring and safeguarded this business through management means such as
      on-site and off-site inspections. During the reporting period, the guarantee business of China Merchants Bank had
      been in normal operation and there were no non-compliant guarantees.
106   China Merchants Bank       IV Important Events
      Annual Report 2020



      4.19 Use of Funds by Related Parties
            During the reporting period, neither the substantial shareholders of the Company nor their related parties had used
            any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and none of them had used the funds of the Company
            through, among others, any related transactions not entered into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special audit opinion in
            this regard.



      4.20 Appointment of Accounting Firms and Sponsors
            According to its resolutions passed at the 2019 Annual General Meeting, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic
            subsidiaries for 2020 and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the international accounting firm of the Company and its
            overseas subsidiaries for 2020. These two accounting firms have been engaged as auditors of the Company since
            2016. Zhu Wei and Zeng Hao are the certified public accountants who signed the audit report on the Company’s
            financial statements for 2020 prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, who
            have been serving as the public accountants signing the financial statements of the Company since 2017 and 2016,
            respectively.
            The financial statements of the Company for 2020 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
            Principles and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2020 were audited by Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2020 prepared under International
            Accounting Standards were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees of the Group amounted
            to approximately RMB28.24 million, among which the audit fees for internal control was approximately RMB1.32
            million. The Company paid the total non-audit fees of approximately RMB15.76 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
            Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for 2020. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
            Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not
            compromise their audit independence.



      4.21 Review of Annual Results
            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, both being the external
            auditors of the Company, have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the
            PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards, respectively, and
            each has issued an unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has
            reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2020.



      4.22 Annual General Meeting
            For the convening of its 2020 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



      4.23 Publication of Annual Report
            The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
            Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the English and Chinese
            versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
            The Company also prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
            Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
            Stock Exchange and the Company.
107   China Merchants Bank   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020




       Speed for hope
      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

       Opening a green credit channel to facilitate the capital
       turnover of pharmaceutical companies involved
       in the fight against the pandemic




      CMB provided fast and efficient financial services and quickly
      completed the approval and extension of anti-pandemic
      loans, providing fund support for pharmaceutical company
      customers to purchase anti-pandemic medical supplies.
108   China Merchants Bank          V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020



      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

      5.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
          Reporting Period
                                                                                             Changes in the
                                                                                               No. of shares
                                                                 31 December 2019                 during the        31 December 2020
                                                              No. of shares   Percentage    reporting period                     Percentage
                                                                    (share)          (%)              (share)    No. of shares          (%)
            1.     Shares subject to trading moratorium                  –              –                  –                 –              –

            2.     Shares not subject to trading
                   moratorium                               25,219,845,601       100.00                    –    25,219,845,601         100.00

                   (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)    20,628,944,429          81.80                  –    20,628,944,429          81.80
                   (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                –              –                  –                 –              –
                   (3) Foreign shares listed overseas
                       (H Shares)                            4,590,901,172          18.20                  –     4,590,901,172          18.20
                   (4) Others                                            –              –                  –                 –              –

            3.     Total shares                             25,219,845,601       100.00                    –    25,219,845,601         100.00

            As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 408,761 shareholders, including 377,267 holders
            of A Shares and 31,494 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject
            to trading moratorium.
            As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e. 28 February 2021), the Company
            had a total of 443,110 shareholders, including 411,988 holders of A Shares and 31,122 holders of H Shares. Neither
            the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading moratorium.
            Based on the publicly available information and so far as the Directors were aware, as at the end of the reporting
            period, the Company had met the public float requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
China Merchants Bank                       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                          109
Annual Report 2020



5.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
    Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
    Moratorium
                                                                                                                                                Number
                                                                                                                                               of shares
                                                                                      Percentage                                              subject to       Shares
                                                                    Shares held at    of the total                             Changes in       trading     pledged
                                                   Type of          the end of the           share                          the reporting    moratorium    or frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholders              shareholders      period (share)    capital (%) Type of shares           period (share)       (share)      (share)
      1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                Overseas legal   4,550,447,397          18.04 H Shares not subject to        2,169,043              –   Unknown
                                                     person                                        trading moratorium

      2         China Merchants Steam              State-owned      3,289,470,337          13.04 A Shares not subject to                –              –           –
                  Navigation Co., Ltd.               legal person                                  trading moratorium

      3         China Ocean Shipping Company       State-owned      1,574,729,111            6.24 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  Limited                            legal person                                   trading moratorium

      4         Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd.   Domestic legal   1,258,949,171            4.99 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  – Traditional – Ordinary           person                                         trading moratorium
                  insurance products

      5         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment State-owned            1,258,542,349            4.99 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  and Development Company Ltd. legal person                                         trading moratorium

      6         China Merchants Finance            State-owned      1,147,377,415            4.55 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.      legal person                                   trading moratorium

      7         Hong Kong Securities Clearing      Overseas legal   1,073,644,912            4.26 A Shares not subject to      56,318,751              –           –
                  Company Limited                    person                                         trading moratorium

      8         Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     Domestic legal   1,036,132,435            4.11 A Shares not subject to    -222,816,665              –           –
                  – Universal products               person                                         trading moratorium

      9         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment State-owned              944,013,171            3.74 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  and Development Company Ltd. legal person                                         trading moratorium

      10        China Securities Finance           Domestic legal     754,798,622            2.99 A Shares not subject to               –              –           –
                  Corporation Limited                person                                         trading moratorium

      Notes:    (1)   Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank
                      trading on the transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd.. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution
                      designated by others to hold shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China
                      Merchants Bank acquired by investors through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

                (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, of the aforesaid top 10 shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
                      of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing
                      Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan
                      Investment and Development Company Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China Merchants Group Ltd.. The Company is not aware of
                      any affiliated relationship or action in concert among other shareholders.

                (3)   The above holders of A Shares did not hold the shares of the Company through credit securities accounts.
110   China Merchants Bank             V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020



      5.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
      5.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing
            Investment and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd.,
            China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development
            (Shenzhen) Limited, indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the
            shares of the Company. Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司) directly held
            13.04% shares in the Company, and is the largest shareholder of the Company, with a registered capital of RMB7.0
            billion, and its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. It mainly engages in investment and management of passenger
            and cargo shipping, dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation, tugboat and barge transportation businesses;
            repair, construction and trading of ship and offshore oil drilling equipment businesses; sale, purchase and supply of
            various transportation equipment, spare parts and materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction
            of water and land construction projects; investment and management in finance, insurance, trust, securities and
            futures industry, etc.
            As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
            Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder, with
            a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is a
            state-owned enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
            of the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when
            China was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises
            which played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at
            that time. Nowadays, it has developed into a diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three
            core industries, namely integrated transportation, featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and
            industrial zones. It is realising the transformation from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial
            operation, financial services, investment and capital operation.
            The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
            period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
            largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum
            of the amounts listed are due to rounding):



                                                               China Merchants Group Ltd.



                                                                       100%
                                                                    China Merchants
                                                                Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.



                                   100%                                                                     100%
                  China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited                  China Merchants Finance
                                                                                      Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.
                                                        100%                                           100%                                                    27.59%
                                       China Merchants International                                   Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment            China Merchants China
                                         Finance Company Limited                                       and Development Company Ltd.           Direct Investments Limited

                       50%                              100%                                     50%                   50%                                     100%
                  China Merchants               Best Winner                                  Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment                        China Merchants Industry
                 Union (BVI) Limited         Investment Limited                              and Development Company Ltd.                     Development (Shenzhen) Limited


                    1.89%                    1.53%                 13.04%               4.55%               3.74%                     4.99%                    0.22%

                                                                  China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank        V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                  111
Annual Report 2020


5.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
      Company
      As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate of
      9.97% shares in the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company Limited, COSCO
      Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd. (廣州海寧海務技術諮
      詢有限公司), COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運（上海) 有限公司), COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings
      Co., Limited and Guangzhou Sanding Oil Transportation Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸有限公司). There was no
      pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping Company Limited held 6.24% shares in
      the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited)
      was established on 22 October 1983, with a registered capital of RMB16.191 billion. Its legal representative is Xu
      Lirong. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime
      transportation; acceptance of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and
      abroad; leasing, construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related
      facilities; ship escrowing business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to
      shipping business at home and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business
      and seafarer assignment business.
      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
      and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established in February 2016,
      with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion. Its legal representative is Xu Lirong. The scope of its businesses
      includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; imports and exports of
      goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding business; ship leasing; sales of ships,
      containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal and port investment; communication
      equipment sales, information and technical services; warehousing (except hazardous chemicals); engaged in
      technology development, technology transfer, technical consulting, technical services and equity investment funds in
      the field of shipping and spare parts.



5.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
      1.     As at the end of the reporting period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 4.11% shares in the Company, and
             is a shareholder which has appointed a Director in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the
             Company. The controlling shareholder of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd..
             Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019, with a registered capital of RMB20.36
             billion, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. Both of its controlling shareholder and de facto controller
             are China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd..
      2.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group (Limited) through its
             subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co.,
             Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbor Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua (Shenzhen)
             Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbor Consultants Co., Ltd., indirectly held an aggregate of 1.68%
             shares in the Company, and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There
             was no pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction Group (Limited) was
             established on 8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion, and its legal representative
             is Wang Tongzhou. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
             Commission of the State Council.
      3.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% shares in the Company
             and is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
             of the Company. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital
             of RMB11.683 billion, and its legal representative is Chen Hong. Its de facto controller is the State-owned
             Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai City.
      4.     As at the end of the reporting period, Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. held 1.17% shares in the Company and
             is a shareholder which has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of
             the Company. Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. was established on 28 August 2002, with a registered capital
             of RMB8.0 billion. Its legal representative is Cao Ziyu and its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets
             Supervision and Administration Commission of Hebei Province.
112   China Merchants Bank                     V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020



      5.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
            During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares.
            For details of the issuance and listing of preference shares of the Company, please refer to the section headed
            “Preference Shares” of this chapter.

            During the reporting period, the Company did not have any corporate bonds listed on a stock exchange by way of
            public issuance.
            For the issuance of other bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 46 to the financial
            statements.
            The Company did not issue any internal staff shares.



      5.5 Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in the
          Company under Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
            As at 31 December 2020, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
            Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed
            are due to rounding):
                                                                                                                                                Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                                                      of the   of the total
                                                                                                                                              relevant class        issued
                                                         Class of   Long/short                                        No. of shares             of shares in      ordinary
            Name of Substantial Shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                                   (share)   Notes        issue (%)    shares (%)
            China Merchants Group Ltd.                   A          Long         Interest of controlled corporation   6,697,550,412
                                                                    Long         Others                                  55,196,540
                                                                                                                      6,752,746,952      1            32.73          26.78
                                                         H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation     806,680,423      1            17.57           3.20

            China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.   A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     3,289,470,337
                                                                    Long         Interest of controlled corporation   3,408,080,075
                                                                    Long         Others                                  55,196,540
                                                                                                                      6,752,746,952      1            32.73          26.78
                                                         H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation     806,680,423      1            17.57           3.20

            China Merchants Finance Investment           A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     1,147,377,415
              Holdings Co., Ltd.                                    Long         Interest of controlled corporation   2,202,555,520
                                                                    Long         Others                                  55,196,540
                                                                                                                      3,405,129,475      1            16.51          13.50

            Best Winner Investment Limited               A          Long         Beneficial Owner                       58,147,140       1             0.28           0.23
                                                         H          Long         Beneficial Owner                      328,776,923       1             7.16           1.30

            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and             A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     1,258,542,349
              Development Company Ltd.                              Long         Interest of controlled corporation     944,013,171
                                                                                                                      2,202,555,520      1            10.68           8.73

            China Ocean Shipping Company Limited         A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     1,574,729,111                    7.63           6.24

            Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd.             A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     1,258,949,171                    6.10           4.99

            Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.              A          Long         Interest of controlled corporation   1,232,396,800                    5.97           4.89
China Merchants Bank                    V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                         113
Annual Report 2020


                                                                                                                                      Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                                            of the   of the total
                                                                                                                                    relevant class        issued
                                               Class of   Long/short                                        No. of shares             of shares in      ordinary
      Name of Substantial Shareholder          shares     position     Capacity                                   (share)   Notes        issue (%)    shares (%)
      Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.           A          Long         Beneficial Owner                     1,232,396,800                    5.97           4.89

      Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited   H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation    477,903,500       2            10.41           1.89
        (中國華馨投資有限公司)

      Compass Investment Company Limited       H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation    477,903,500       2            10.41           1.89

      CNIC Corporation Limited                 H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation    477,903,500       2            10.41           1.89

      Verise Holdings Company Limited          H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation    477,903,500       2            10.41           1.89

      China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited      H          Long         Beneficial Owner                      477,903,500       2            10.41           1.89

      Citigroup Inc.                           H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation     28,271,152
                                                          Long         Person having a security interest          18,500
                                                                          in shares
                                                          Long         Approved lending agent                337,489,722
                                                                                                             365,779,374       3             7.97           1.45
                                                          Short        Interest of controlled corporation      3,413,400       3             0.07           0.01

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.                     H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation     19,703,101
                                                          Long         Investment Manager                    138,868,132
                                                          Long         Person having a security interest         413,657
                                                                          in shares
                                                          Long         Trustee                                    24,235
                                                          Long         Approved lending agent                117,979,541
                                                                                                             276,988,666       4             6.03           1.10
                                                          Short        Interest of controlled corporation     13,166,774       4             0.29           0.05

      UBS Group AG                             H          Long         Interest of controlled corporation    274,328,385       5             5.98           1.09

      *     The above information is disclosed on the basis of the information available from the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkex.com.hk).
114   China Merchants Bank               V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020


            Notes:

            (1)   For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 5.3.1 “Information on the
                  Company’s largest shareholder”.

            (2)   Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited (中國華馨投資有限公司) was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the
                  Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Compass Investment Company Limited:

                  (2.1)   China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited
                          was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue
                          of holding the 50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

                  (2.2)   Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was
                          deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which are deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company
                          Limited.

                  (2.3)   Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which are
                          deemed to be held by CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding the 98.9% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

                  The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (2) and (2.1) to (2.3) above represented the same shares.

            (3)   Citigroup Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 365,779,374 H shares (long position) and 3,413,400 H shares (short position) in the
                  Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of Citigroup Inc. in the Company
                  included a lending pool of 337,489,722 H shares. Besides, 3,062,200 H shares (long position) and 1,341,995 H shares (short position)
                  were held through derivatives as follows:

                  881,205 H shares (long position) and 959,500 H shares (short position)           – through physically settled listed derivatives
                  308,495 H shares (long position) and 62,495 H shares (short position)            – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
                  1,872,500 H shares (long position) and 320,000 H shares (short position)         – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

            (4)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold a total of 276,988,666 H shares (long position) and 13,166,774 H shares (short position) in
                  the Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in
                  the Company included a lending pool of 117,979,541 H shares. Besides, 12,533,879 H shares (long position) and 11,009,838 H shares
                  (short position) were held through derivatives as follows:

                  2,031,000 H shares (long position) and 880,000 H shares (short position)         – through physically settled listed derivatives
                  231,500 H shares (long position) and 241,500 H shares (short position)           – through cash settled listed derivatives
                  554,000 H shares (long position) and 8,184,927 H shares (short position)         – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
                  9,717,379 H shares (long position) and 1,703,411 H shares (short position)       – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

            (5)   UBS Group AG was deemed to hold a total of 274,328,385 H shares (long position) in the Company by virtue of its control over a number
                  of companies. The equity interests of UBS Group AG in the Company included 8,632,193 H shares (long position) which were held
                  through derivatives as follows:

                  2,407,000 H shares (long position)                                               – through physically settled listed derivatives
                  6,086,686 H shares (long position)                                               – through cash settled unlisted derivatives
                  138,507 H shares (long position)                                                 – through physically settled unlisted derivatives


            Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
            and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
            positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2020 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
            the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
China Merchants Bank                   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                                   115
Annual Report 2020



5.6 Preference Shares
5.6.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 50,000,000
      non-cumulative perpetual offshore preference shares on 25 October 2017. The issuance price is USD20 each and the
      coupon dividend rate per annum is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the actual dividend yield to be received by the holders
      of the preference shares is 4.40%). The offshore preference shares of the issuance were listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange on 26 October 2017 (abbreviated name of shares: “CMB 17USDPREF”; stock code: 04614; number of
      listed shares: 50,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of the offshore preference shares amounted to
      USD1.0 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the
      Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
      domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
      per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
      the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
      “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
      the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion. The net proceeds after deduction of
      the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital.
      For details, please refer to the relevant announcement(s) published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively.



5.6.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 14 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference shares (or its nominee) and 13 holders of domestic preference
      shares.
      As at the end of the previous month (i.e. 28 February 2021) preceding the date for disclosure of this report, the
      Company had a total of 14 holders of preference shares (or nominees), including 1 holder of offshore preference
      shares (or its nominee), and 13 holders of domestic preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of offshore preference
      shares (or their nominees) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                         Shares held                      shares subject
                                                                                         Changes in       at the end                         to trading    Shares pledged
                                                 Type of         Type of              the reporting    of the period      Percentage of     moratorium          or frozen
      Serial No. Name of shareholder             shareholder     shares               period (share)          (share) shareholdings (%)          (share)           (share)
      1         The Bank of New York            Overseas legal   Offshore                         –      50,000,000                100                –          Unknown
                  Depository (Nominees) Limited   person           preference share

      Notes:    (1)   The shareholdings of holders of preference shares are calculated based on the information listed in the register of holders of
                      preference shares maintained by the Company.

                (2)   As the issuance is an offshore non-public issuance, the information listed in the register of holders of preference shares is the
                      information on the nominees of the placees.

                (3)   The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above holders of preference shares and
                      the top ten holders of ordinary shares.

                (4)   “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of offshore preference shares held by the holders of
                      preference shares to the total number of offshore preference shares.
116   China Merchants Bank                   V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2020


            As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
            shares were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                Shares held                      shares subject
                                                                                                Changes in       at the end                         to trading    Shares pledged
                                                      Type of          Type of               the reporting    of the period      Percentage of     moratorium          or frozen
            Serial No. Name of shareholder            shareholder      shares                period (share)          (share) shareholdings (%)          (share)           (share)
            1         China Mobile Communications     State-owned      Domestic preference               –     106,000,000              38.55                –                 –
                        Group Co., Ltd.                 legal person     shares
            2         CCB Trust Co., Ltd.             State-owned      Domestic preference               –      30,000,000              10.91                –                 –
                                                        legal person     shares
            3         BOC Asset Management Co.,       Others           Domestic preference               –      25,000,000                9.09               –                 –
                        Ltd. (中銀資產管理有限公司)                                shares
            4         China National Tobacco          State-owned      Domestic preference               –      20,000,000                7.27               –                 –
                        (Henan Province) Company        legal person     shares
                      Ping An Property & Casualty     Others           Domestic preference               –      20,000,000                7.27               –                 –
                        Insurance Company of                             shares
                        China, Ltd.
            6         China Everbright Bank           Others           Domestic preference      -2,000,000      17,000,000                6.18               –                 –
                        Company Limited                                  shares
            7         China National Tobacco          State-owned      Domestic preference               –      15,000,000                5.45               –                 –
                        (Sichuan Province) Company      legal person     shares
                      China National Tobacco          State-owned      Domestic preference               –      15,000,000                5.45               –                 –
                        (Anhui Province) Company        legal person     shares
            9         China Construction Bank         State-owned      Domestic preference               –      10,000,000                3.64               –                 –
                        Corporation, Guangdong          legal person     shares
                        Branch
            10        China National Tobacco          State-owned      Domestic preference               –       5,000,000                1.82               –                 –
                        (Liaoning Province) Company     legal person     shares
                      Changjiang Pension Insurance    State-owned      Domestic preference               –       5,000,000                1.82               –                 –
                        Co., Ltd.                       legal person     shares
                      China Resources SZITIC          State-owned      Domestic preference               –       5,000,000                1.82               –                 –
                        Trust Co., Ltd.                 legal person     shares

            Notes:    (1)   The shareholdings of preference shareholders are calculated based on the information listed in the register of holders of
                            preference shares maintained by the Company.

                      (2)   China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Sichuan Province) Company, China National
                            Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province) Company are all wholly-owned subsidiaries
                            of China National Tobacco Corporation. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in
                            concert among the above holders of preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s
                            top ten holders of ordinary shares.

                      (3)   “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of
                            preference shares to the total number of domestic preference shares.
China Merchants Bank       V Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                               117
Annual Report 2020


5.6.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
      Dividend distribution of offshore preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Offshore Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for offshore preference shares on 27 October 2020, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for offshore preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The offshore preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      offshore preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the relevant terms of the offshore
      preference shares, the dividend rate per annum of the offshore preference shares is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the
      actual dividend yield to be received by the holders of the preference shares is 4.40%). According to relevant laws
      and regulations, the Company shall withhold an income tax at a rate of 10% when distributing the dividends for the
      offshore preference shares to the offshore non-resident enterprises. According to the terms and conditions of the
      offshore preference shares, the Company is responsible to pay relevant income tax. Total amount of the proceeds
      from the issuance of the Company’s offshore preference shares was USD1 billion, the total amount of dividends for
      the offshore preference shares is USD48,888,888.89, comprising of USD44,000,000.00 which was actually paid to
      the holders of the offshore preference shares, and the withholding tax amounted to USD4,888,888.89.
      Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
      In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
      of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 annual general
      meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
      Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18 December 2020, which
      was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
      The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
      shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
      domestic preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
      the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
      domestic preference shares, based on the dividend rate of 4.81% for domestic preference shares, the dividends per
      preference share paid were RMB4.81 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference shares in
      issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB1,322.75 million (including tax).
      For the details of dividend distribution for domestic and offshore preference shares, please refer to the relevant
      announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and the Company on 10 December 2020 and 12 October 2020, respectively.



5.6.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
      During the reporting period, there had been no repurchase and conversion of preference shares.



5.6.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
      During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s domestic and offshore preference shares in issue
      had not been restored.



5.6.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
      The Company made accounting judgments over its preference shares then issued and outstanding in accordance
      with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial Reporting
      Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Financial Reporting Standard 7 – Financial Instruments:
      Disclosures” promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares issued and
      outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they any contractual
      obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were therefore measured
      as equity instruments.
118   China Merchants Bank   VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020




       Securing the future
      Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees, and Organisational Structure
       with companionship
       Safeguarding credit through interest rate cuts and extensions
       Tiding over the difficulties together with enterprises




      Through measures such as proactive loan extensions,
      preferential interest rates, and credit protection,
      CMB spared no effort in preventing and fighting against
      the pandemic, helping enterprises to successfully resume
      operation and production.
China Merchants Bank              VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                         119
Annual Report 2020



Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
Employees, and Organisational Structure

6.1 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                                Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                    pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                            remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                             received from          from the
                                                                                                            Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                   at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                               beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                   of the         end of             period      during the
                                  Date of Birth                                                                   period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
      Name               Gender   (Y/M)           Title                                   Term of office          (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
      Miao Jianmin       Male     1965.1          Chairman                                2020.9－2022.6                 –               –                –               Yes
                                                  Non-Executive Director                  2020.9－2022.6
      Fu Gangfeng        Male     1966.12         Vice Chairman                           2018.7－2022.6                 –               –                –               Yes
                                                  Non-Executive Director                  2010.8－2022.6
      Tian Huiyu         Male     1965.12         Executive Director                      2013.8－2022.6          220,400         335,500            419.80                No
                                                  President and Chief Executive Officer   2013.9－2022.6
      Zhou Song          Male     1972.4          Non-Executive Director                  2018.10－2022.6               –               –                 –               Yes
      Hong Xiaoyuan      Male     1963.3          Non-Executive Director                  2007.6－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Zhang Jian         Male     1964.10         Non-Executive Director                  2016.11－2022.6               –               –                 –               Yes
      Su Min             Female   1968.2          Non-Executive Director                  2014.9－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Wang Daxiong       Male     1960.12         Non-Executive Director                  2016.11－2022.6               –               –                 –               Yes
      Luo Sheng          Male     1970.9          Non-Executive Director                  2019.7－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Liu Jianjun        Male     1965.8          Executive Director                      2019.8－2022.6          160,000         240,000            306.71               No
                                                  Executive Vice President                2013.12－2022.6
                                                  Secretary of Board of Directors         2019.7－2022.6
      Wang Liang         Male     1965.12         Executive Director                      2019.8－2022.6          160,000         240,000            306.40                No
                                                  Executive Vice President                2015.1－2022.6
                                                  Chief Financial Officer                 2019.4－2022.6
      Leung Kam Chung,   Male     1952.1          Independent Non-Executive Director      2015.1－(note 1)              –               –             50.00                No
         Antony
      Zhao Jun           Male     1962.9          Independent Non-Executive Director      2015.1－(note 1)              –               –             50.00                No
      Wong See Hong      Male     1953.6          Independent Non-Executive Director      2017.2－2022.6                –               –             50.00                No
      Li Menggang        Male     1967.4          Independent Non-Executive Director      2018.11－2022.6               –               –             50.00                No
      Liu Qiao           Male     1970.5          Independent Non-Executive Director      2018.11－2022.6               –               –             50.00                No
      Tian Hongqi        Male     1957.5          Independent Non-Executive Director      2019.8－2022.6                –               –             50.00                No
      Liu Yuan           Male     1962.1          Chairman of Board of Supervisors,       2014.8－2022.6          180,000         270,000            344.51                No
                                                    Employee Supervisor
      Peng Bihong        Male     1963.10         Shareholder Supervisor                  2019.6－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Wen Jianguo        Male     1962.10         Shareholder Supervisor                  2016.6－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Wu Heng            Male     1976.8          Shareholder Supervisor                  2016.6－2022.6                –               –                 –               Yes
      Ding Huiping       Male     1956.6          External Supervisor                     2016.6－2022.6                –               –             40.00               No
      Han Zirong         Male     1963.7          External Supervisor                     2016.6－2022.6                –               –             40.00               No
      Xu Zhengjun        Male     1955.9          External Supervisor                     2019.6－2022.6                –               –             40.00               No
      Wang Wanqing       Male     1964.9          Employee Supervisor                     2018.7－2022.6          121,000         181,000            278.52               No
      Liu Xiaoming       Male     1963.11         Employee Supervisor                     2019.6－2022.6          100,000         145,000            203.94               No
120   China Merchants Bank                VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020


                                                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                                   Aggregate              having
                                                                                                                                                       pre-tax          received
                                                                                                                                               remunerations     remunerations
                                                                                                                                                received from          from the
                                                                                                               Shareholding                      the Company             related
                                                                                                                      at the   Shareholding        during the         parties of
                                                                                                                  beginning           at the         reporting    the Company
                                                                                                                      of the         end of             period      during the
                                          Date of Birth                                                              period      the period          (RMB ten         reporting
            Name                Gender    (Y/M)           Title                               Term of office         (share)         (share)        thousand)             period
            Xiong Liangjun      Male      1963.2          Secretary of the Party Discipline   2014.7－present        160,000         240,000            306.71                No
                                                            Committee
            Wang Jianzhong      Male      1962.10         Executive Vice President            2019.4－2022.6         162,100         240,200            306.40               No
            Shi Shunhua         Male      1962.12         Executive Vice President            2019.4－2022.6         165,000         245,000            306.19               No
            Wang Yungui         Male      1963.6          Executive Vice President            2019.6－2022.6         160,000         160,000            306.40               No
            Li Delin            Male      1974.12         Executive Assistant President       2019.4－present        130,000         200,000            268.39               No
            Liu Hui             Female    1970.5          Executive Assistant President       2019.4－present        134,100         222,100            268.91               No
            Li Jianhong         Male      1956.5          Former Chairman                     2014.8－2020.9               –               –                 –               Yes
                                                          Former Non-Executive Director       2014.7－2020.9
            Tang Zhihong        Male      1960.3          Former Executive Vice President     2006.5－2020.4         241,400         241,400             91.42                No

            Notes:

            (1)   Pursuant to the relevant requirements of the “Guiding Opinions on Establishing the Independent Director System in Listed Companies” (       《關於在
                  上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意見》                       ), the term of office of independent directors shall not exceed six years. In January 2021, the Board of the
                  Company received the letters of resignation from Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of
                  the Company. In accordance with the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and requirements of the Articles of Association of China Merchants
                  Bank Co., Ltd., the resignation of Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun will take effect only after new Independent Non-Executive
                  Directors as their replacements have been elected respectively at the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company and whose qualifications for
                  serving as Independent Non-Executive Directors have been approved by the CBIRC. Prior to that, Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun
                  will continue to perform their duties as Independent Non-Executive Directors and in special committees under the Board in accordance with the
                  provisions of relevant laws, regulations and requirements of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..

            (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A shares in the Company.

            (3)   The remunerations received from the Company by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were appointed or resigned during the
                  reporting period are calculated on the length of their service in the Company during the reporting period.

            (4)   The aggregate pre-tax remunerations of the full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the
                  Company are still being verified, and the information about the pre-tax remunerations of other staff will be disclosed separately upon confirmation
                  of payment.

            (5)   There was a change in the shareholdings of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management listed in the above table during the reporting period,
                  which was due to an increase in their respective shareholdings.

            (6)   None of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s) over the past
                  three years.

            (7)   None of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management listed in the above table holds any share options of the Company or has been granted
                  any of its restricted shares.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure             121
Annual Report 2020



6.2 Appointment and Resignation of Directors and Senior Management
      Directors
      In September 2020, Mr. Li Jianhong ceased to be the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company due to
      change of work arrangement.
      In September 2020, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of
      the Company, Mr. Miao Jianmin was elected as the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company, whose
      qualifications as the Director and the Chairman were approved by the CBIRC on 24 September 2020.



      Senior Management
      In April 2020, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 10th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
      of Directors of the Company, Mr. Tang Zhihong ceased to serve as an Executive Vice President of the Company due
      to his age.
      In December 2020, the Company convened the 20th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors on
      which Mr. Li Delin was appointed as the Executive Vice President of the Company. The qualification of Mr. Li Delin
      as the Executive Vice President is subject to approval by the CBIRC.
      For details of the appointment and resignation, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the
      Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.



6.3 Changes in Information of Directors and Supervisors
      1.     Mr. Fu Gangfeng ceased to concurrently serve as the Executive Director and the Chairman of the Board
             of Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
             Exchange), and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd..
      2.     Mr. Zhang Jian concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Commerce Financial Leasing Co.,
             Ltd. (招商局通商融資租賃有限公司), a Director of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., and ceased
             to concurrently serve as the General Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants Group Ltd., the
             Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd..
      3.     Ms. Su Min concurrently serves as a Director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (長城證券股份有限公司).
      4.     Mr. Li Menggang concurrently serves as the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology
             Award Foundation (光華工程科技獎勵基金會).
      5.     Mr. Liu Yuan ceased to concurrently serve as the chairman of the professional committee under the
             supervisory committee of China Association for Public Companies.
      6.     Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to concurrently serve as the Chairman of CCCG Real Estate Group Limited.
      7.     Mr. Wen Jianguo serves as a standing committee member of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant
             of Jizhong Energy Group Co., Ltd. (冀中能源集團有限責任公司), ceased to serve as a Director, a standing
             committee member of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河北港口集
             團有限公司).
      8.     Mr. Han Zirong concurrently serves as an Independent Director of Xuzhou Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.
             (徐州農村商業銀行股份有限公司) and ceased to concurrently serve as an Independent Director of Bank of
             Hainan.
      9.     Mr. Wang Wanqing concurrently serves as a member of professional committee under the supervisory
             committee of China Association for Public Companies.
122   China Merchants Bank           VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020



      6.4 Current Positions Held by Directors and Supervisors in the
          Shareholders’ Companies
            Name             Name of Company                           Major Title                                                 Term of Office
            Miao Jianmin     China Merchants Group Ltd.                Chairman                                                    From July 2020 up to now
            Fu Gangfeng      China COSCO Shipping                      Director and General Manager                                From September 2019 up to now
                             Corporation Limited
            Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.                Chief Accountant                                            From October 2018 up to now
            Hong Xiaoyuan    China Merchants Group Ltd.                Assistant General Manager                                   From September 2011 up to now
                                                                       Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the      From June 2018 up to now
                                                                       China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
            Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.                Chief Digital Officer                                       From January 2019 up to now
                                                                       Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of   From June 2018 up to now
                                                                       the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
            Su Min           China Merchants Group Ltd.                Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of   From June 2018 up to now
                                                                       the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform
            Wang Daxiong     COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.      Chairman                                                    From July 2019 up to now
            Luo Sheng        Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.           Deputy General Manager                                      From September 2020 up to now
            Peng Bihong      China Communications Construction Group   Chief Accountant                                            From September 2019 up to now
                             Co., Ltd.
            Wen Jianguo      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                Director and Chief Accountant                               From July 2009 to October 2020
            Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation Limited            General Manager of Finance Affairs Department               From August 2019 up to now



      6.5 Biography and Positions of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
          Management
            Directors
            Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctorate
            degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He is an alternate
            member of the nineteenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao is the Chairman of China
            Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co.,
            Ltd.. Mr. Miao was the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Vice Chairman,
            President and Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited, the Chairman of PICC
            Property and Casualty Company Limited, the Chairman of PICC Asset Management Company Limited, the Chairman
            of PICC Health Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company of China (Hong
            Kong), Limited, the Chairman of PICC Capital Investment Management Company Limited, the Chairman of PICC
            Pension Company Limited and the Chairman of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited.
            Mr. Fu Gangfeng is the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Fu obtained a bachelor’s
            degree in Finance and a master’s degree in Management Engineering from Xi’an Highway College and is a senior
            accountant. He is the Director and General Manager of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He was the
            Deputy Director of the Shekou ZhongHua Certified Public Accountants, the Director of the Chief Accountant Office,
            Deputy Chief Accountant and the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Co., Ltd., the
            Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance Division,
            the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Director and General Manager
            of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
            Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Port
            Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and the Chairman of the Board of
            Supervisors of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd..
China Merchants Bank      VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure          123
Annual Report 2020


      Mr. Tian Huiyu is an Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained
      a bachelor’s degree in Infrastructure Finance and Credit from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and
      a master’s degree in Public Administration from Columbia University. He is a senior economist. He was the Vice
      President of Trust Investment Branch of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 1998 to July 2003, and
      the Vice President of Bank of Shanghai from July 2003 to December 2006. He consecutively served as the Deputy
      General Manager of Shanghai Branch, the head of Shenzhen Branch, and the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch
      of China Construction Bank (“CCB”, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange)
      from December 2006 to March 2011. He acted as the Business Executive of retail banking at the Head Office and
      the Head and General Manager of Beijing Branch of CCB from March 2011 to May 2013. He joined the Company in
      May 2013 and has served as the President of the Company since September 2013. He is concurrently the Chairman
      of CMBIC, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited, the Vice Chairman of Merchants Union
      Consumer Finance Company Limited, the Chairman of Board of Supervisors of National Association of Financial
      Market Institutional Investors, a consultant of Shenzhen Strategic Advisory Committee for Enhancing Enterprise
      Competitiveness (深圳市提升企業競爭力戰略諮詢委員會), the Vice President of China Chamber of International
      Commerce, a member of High Level Guidance and Management Committee of Information Technology Risk in the
      Banking Industry (銀行業信息科技風險管理高層指導委員會) and a Director of National Internet Finance Association
      of China.
      Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhou obtained a master’s degree of World
      Economics from Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Chairman
      of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司), the
      Chairman of China Merchants Finance Co., Ltd. (招商局集團財務有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants
      Investment Development Co., Ltd. (招商局投資發展有限公司) and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China
      Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He was
      the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office of China Merchants Bank,
      the Vice General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General Manager
      of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor of China Merchants Bank, the
      Business Director and General Manager of the Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office,
      the President of Interbank Financial Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of
      the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of Investment Banking and Financial
      Market Department, the General Manager of the Assets Management Department of the Head Office and the
      Business Director of the Head Office.
      Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Hong obtained a master’s degree in
      Economics from Peking University and a master’s degree in Science from Australian National University. He is a
      senior economist. He serves as the Director of China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited and the
      Assistant General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of
      the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company
      Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., China
      Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., China Merchants United Development Company Limited and China
      Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., and the Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance
      Co., Ltd. and CNIC Corporation Limited. He served as the Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a
      company then listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants
      China Direct Investments Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chief Executive Officer of
      China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited and the Chairman of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset
      Exchange Co., Ltd..
124   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020


            Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
            and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
            from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
            Merchants Group Ltd., the Director of the Digital Centre, the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee
            of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform and a Director of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company
            Limited. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Commerce Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (招商
            局通商融資租賃有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技有限
            公司), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, a Director of
            China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Management Co.
            Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Holdings Co. Ltd., a Director of China Merchants Innovative
            Investment Management Co., Ltd., a Director of China Great Bay Area Fund Management Co., Limited, a Director
            of China Merchants Capital Holdings (International) Limited, a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment
            (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資（國際）有限公司), a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment
            General Partnership (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資普通合夥（國際）有限公司), a Director of China
            Merchants United Development Company Limited, a Director of Shi Jin Shi Credit Service Co., Ltd. (試金石信用服務有
            限公司) and a Director of Siyuanhe Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (四源合股權投資管理有限公司). He had
            held various positions including General Manager of the Suzhou Branch of China Merchants Bank, Deputy General
            Manager of the Corporate Banking Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank (in charge), Business
            Director and General Manager of the Corporate Banking Department at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank,
            Business Director and General Manager of the Credit Risk Management Department at the Head Office of China
            Merchants Bank and Business Director and General Manager of the Comprehensive Risk Management Office at the
            Head Office of China Merchants Bank, a Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited, a
            Director of China Merchants Insurance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局保險控股有限公司), a Director of China Merchants
            Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd., a
            Director of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd., General Manager of Finance Department of
            China Merchants Group Ltd. and the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd..
            Ms. Su Min is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Business Administration from China
            University of Technology, and is a senior accountant, certified public accountant and certified public valuer. She
            is the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform.
            She concurrently serves as a Director of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited, a Director of China Merchants
            Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director
            of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (長城證券股份有限公司). She successively served as the Deputy Director
            of Property Office of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Anhui Province, a
            Director of Huishang Bank, the Deputy General Manager and Chief Accountant of Anhui Energy Group Co., Ltd.,
            the Chief Accountant and a member of the Communist Party of China of China Shipping (Group) Company, the
            Chairman of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd., the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Leasing Co., Ltd. (中遠海運租
            賃有限公司), a Director of Bank of Kunlun, and a Director of China Shipping Development Co., Ltd. (a company
            listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and China Shipping Container Lines Company
            Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). She served as a Director of
            China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資管理有限責任公司), a Supervisor of
            China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd. and the General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co.,
            Limited.
            Mr. Wang Daxiong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in
            Shipping Finance and Accounting from the Department of Marine Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime
            University and a master’s degree in Business Administration for Senior Management from Shanghai University of
            Finance and Economics, and is a senior accountant. He is the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,
            Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of COSCO
            SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (中遠海運投資控股有限公司). He concurrently serves as a Director of China
            Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He
            served as a Director of China Merchants Bank from March 1998 to March 2014. He also served as the Vice President
            and Chief Accountant of China Shipping (Group) Company, Deputy General Manager of China Shipping (Group)
            Company and the Chairman of China Shipping (HK) Holdings Limited.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure            125
Annual Report 2020


      Mr. Luo Sheng is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Luo obtained a doctorate degree in corporate
      governance from the Business School of Nankai University. Mr. Luo is currently the deputy general manager of Dajia
      Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (大家保險集團有限責任公司) and a director of Gemdale Corporation (a company listed
      on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Luo was the principal staff member of the Regulation Division of the Policy and
      Regulation Department, the principal staff member of the Market Analysis Division of the Development and Reform
      Department, the deputy director and director of the Corporate Governance Division of the Development and Reform
      Department, and the deputy director of the Regulation Department of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
      He also served as an executive director, the executive vice president, the secretary of the board of directors, and
      general manager of Shanghai Branch of China Insurance Information Technology Management Co., Ltd., and the
      deputy director of Development and Reform Department of China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
      Mr. Liu Jianjun is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of
      the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in National Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and
      Economics, and is a senior economist. He has successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Jinan Branch
      of the Company, the General Manager of the Retail Banking Department under the Head Office, an Executive Vice
      President of the Retail Banking Department under the Head Office and the Business Executive of the Head Office
      since September 2000. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since December 2013 and the
      Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company since July 2019.
      Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr.
      Wang obtained a master’s degree in Money and Banking from Renmin University of China, and is a senior economist.
      He concurrently serves as Vice President of Payment & Clearing Association of China and a member of the High-level
      Steering and Coordination Committee for Data Governance of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission.
      He successively served as the Assistant General Manager, the Deputy General Manager and the General Manager of
      Beijing Branch of the Company. He served as the Executive Assistant President of the Company and concurrently,
      the General Manager of Beijing Branch since June 2012. He ceased to serve as the General Manager of Beijing
      Branch in November 2013, and has been serving as an Executive Vice President of the Company since January 2015.
      He concurrently served as the secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company from November 2016 to April
      2019, and has concurrently been serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Company since April 2019.
      Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Leung obtained a
      bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong. He also attended Harvard Business School’s
      Program for Management Development and Advanced Management Program. He is the Chairman and Chief
      Executive Officer of Nan Fung Group, the Chairman and co-founder of New Frontier, and the Chairman of two
      charitable organisations, “Heifer – Hong Kong” and “Food Angel”. Mr. Leung served as a member of the Executive
      Committee, the Senior Managing Director and the Chairman of Greater China Region of Blackstone. He also acted
      as the Chairman of Asia for JP Morgan Chase and worked for Citi in various positions, including head of Private
      Banking for Asia, the country corporate officer for Hong Kong SAR and China, the Regional Treasurer for North Asia
      and head of Investment Banking for North Asia, South West Asia. Past board membership of Mr. Leung included an
      Independent Director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange), China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited and American International
      Assurance, the Vice Chairman of China National Bluestar Group, a member of the international advisory board of
      China Development Bank and European Advisory Group. In terms of government services, Mr. Leung had served
      as financial secretary, non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong SAR, Chairman of the Education
      Commission, Chairman of the University Grants Committee, member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee,
      member of the Preparatory Committee for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and Election Committee
      and Hong Kong Affairs Advisors to the Chinese Government, a member of the Board of Hong Kong Airport
      Authority and a Director of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange.
      Mr. Zhao Jun is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s degree
      from the Department of Shipbuilding Engineering of Harbin Engineering University, a master’s degree from the
      Department of Ocean Engineering of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, a doctorate degree in Civil Engineering
      from the University of Houston, a master’s degree in Financial Management from the School of Management of
      Yale University. Mr. Zhao is currently the Chairman of Beijing Fellow Partners Investment Management Ltd.. He
      concurrently serves as the Independent Non-Executive Director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (a
      company listed on New York Stock Exchange) and the Independent Non-Executive Director of Sichuan Xunyou
      Network Technology Co., Ltd. (四川迅遊網絡科技股份有限公司), a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange. He
      was a Managing Partner of DT Capital Partners, the Managing Director and the Chief Representative in China of
      ChinaVest.
126   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020


            Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
            degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
            Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctorate degree in Transformational
            Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
            Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司) and EC World Asset Management Private Limited, an
            Independent Director of HDR Global Trading Limited and a member of the Financial Management Commission of
            the Hong Kong Administration Society (香港管理學會財務管理委員會). He previously served as the Deputy Chief
            Executive of BOCHK, head, Managing Director and President for the Southeast Asia region, and the head of the
            Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管) of ABN AMRO Bank, a Director of Bank of China
            Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC Group Trustee Company Limited, the
            Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK Asset Management Limited, a member
            of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s Office Singapore (新加坡總理辦公室公務
            員學院) and a member of the Client Consulting Commission (客戶諮詢委員會) of Thomson Reuters.
            Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a Ph.D. in Economics
            and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical Economics from
            Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing Jiaotong University,
            the Joint Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the Director of
            Beijing Laboratory of National Economic Security Pre-Warning Project, the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects of
            the National Social Science Fund, the Project Review Expert of the National Social Science Fund and the Chairman
            of the Professional Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of
            Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). He concurrently serves as the Vice President and the Deputy Director
            of the Expert Committee of China Human Resource Development Association, the Director of the Human Capital
            Institute, the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology Award Foundation (光華工程科技獎
            勵基金會), the Deputy Director of the Independent Board Committee of China Association for Public Companies, an
            Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Hunan Copote
            Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent
            Director of Sichuan Golden Summit (Group) Joint-stock Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and
            an Independent Non-Executive Director of Yuxing InfoTech Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong
            Kong Stock Exchange).
            Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor of science
            degree in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the
            Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles in
            the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has been serving
            as the Dean at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance and Economics
            and doctoral supervisor. He is also a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation of Industry
            and Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Center of Chinese Kuomintang Revolutionary
            Committee, the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Listing Committee of ChiNext of Shenzhen
            Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the China
            Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., the Vice Chairman of the China Enterprise
            Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), an Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC
            Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director of
            Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as ZH International Holdings Limited, a company listed on Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Beijing Capital Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). Mr. Liu served as an assistant professor at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong
            Kong, a consultant of the Asia-Pacific Corporate Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company and an
            assistant professor and associate professor (with tenure) at the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University
            of Hong Kong.
            Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
            in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime University,
            and is a senior accountant. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer of
            COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance Department of COSCO Container Lines Co.,
            Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial Department of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial
            Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股（新加坡) 有限公司), the General Manager of the Finance
            Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation Headquarters (中遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and the
            Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure          127
Annual Report 2020


      Supervisors
      Mr. Liu Yuan is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and an Employee Supervisor. Mr. Liu
      obtained a bachelor’s degree in Global Economy from Renmin University of China, and is a senior economist. He
      served as the deputy section officer and section officer of the Management Office of Foreign Affairs Bureau (外
      事局管理處) of the People’s Bank of China from August 1984 to October 1991. He was the Secretary (deputy
      division head level) of the Management Office and Deputy Chief of the Monetary Office of Foreign Exchange Affairs
      Division (外匯業務司金管處) of State Administration of Foreign Exchange from October 1991 to February 1994.
      He consecutively served as the Secretary (division head level) of the General Office (辦公廳正處級秘書), researcher
      of the regulatory office I of the banking division (銀行司監管一處調研員), head of the regulatory office III of the
      banking regulatory division II (銀行監管二司監管三處處長) and head of the regulatory office VII of the banking
      regulatory division II (銀行監管二司監管七處處長) of the People’s Bank of China from February 1994 to July 2003.
      He served as the deputy head of the Banking Supervision Department II (銀行監管二部副主任) of the CBRC, director
      of CBRC Shanxi Bureau, director of CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, head of the Banking-related Case Audit Bureau (銀行
      業案件稽查局局長) of the CBRC and head of the Banking-related Consumer Protection Bureau (銀行業消費者權益
      保護局) of the CBRC from July 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the
      Company since August 2014. He is concurrently a visiting professor of Renmin University of China and a member of
      Shenzhen Finance Development Decision-making Consultation Committee (深圳市金融發展決策諮詢委員會).
      Mr. Peng Bihong is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Peng graduated from Hunan College of Finance
      and Economics (湖南財經學院) majoring in Finance and obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Wuhan
      University. Mr. Peng is a certified public accountant. He currently serves as a Standing Committee Member of the
      Party Committee and Chief Accountant of China Communications Construction Group (Limited), and concurrently
      Vice Chairman of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. He has worked for China Poly Group Corporation Limited
      (“Poly Group”) for nearly 20 years, serving successively as the Director of the Finance Department of China Poly
      Group Corporation, the General Manager of Poly Finance Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer of Poly
      Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. and a Standing Committee Member of the Party Committee and the Chief Accountant
      of Poly Group, as well as the Chairman of Poly Finance Company Limited and Poly Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
      respectively.
      Mr. Wen Jianguo is a Shareholder Supervisor, a university graduate and an accountant. Mr. Wen is a Standing
      Committee Member of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of Jizhong Energy Group Co., Ltd. (冀中能源集
      團有限責任公司), and concurrently the Chairman of Hebei Port Group Finance Company Limited and a Director of
      Caida Securities Co., Ltd. and Bank of Hebei Co., Ltd.. He served as a Director, a standing committee member of
      the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團有限公司) from July 2009 to
      October 2020. He served as a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company from June 2010 to May 2013.
      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a
      senior accountant. He is the General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited,
      the General Manager of SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management Co., Ltd. and a Non-executive Director of Bank
      of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as a Deputy
      Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of
      Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company, Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as a
      Division Head, Assistant to Executive Controller and the Manager of Accounting Division of Finance Department of
      SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March 2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu Automotive
      Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015, and concurrently
      serving as the Director and General Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華域汽車系統（上海)
      有限公司) during the period from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Affairs
      Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
128   China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020


            Mr. Ding Huiping is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Ding obtained a doctorate degree in Enterprise
            Economics from University I Linkoeping in Sweden. He is currently a professor and a tutor of doctorate candidates
            in the School of Economics and Management of Beijing Jiaotong University, the head of PRC Enterprise
            Competitiveness Research Center, and Honorary Professor in the Business School of Duquesne University. He is
            concurrently an Independent Director of Beijing Dinghan Technology Group Co., Ltd. (北京鼎漢技術集團股份有限
            公司) (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Metro Land Corporation Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai
            Stock Exchange), Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and
            China Haisum Engineering Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as an
            Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director of the Company from May
            2003 to May 2006.
            Mr. Han Zirong is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree in Business
            Economics from Jilin Finance and Trade College, and is an economist and certified public accountant. He is currently
            a partner of Shu Lun Pan Hong Kong CPA Limited, and he is concurrently an External Supervisor of Bank of Chengdu
            Corporation Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of Xuzhou Rural
            Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (徐州農村商業銀行股份有限公司). He served as a credit administrator of Industrial and
            Commercial Bank of China, Changchun Branch from August 1985 to October 1992. He served as an Assistant
            Director in the Audit Firm under Audit Bureau of Shenzhen Municipality from October 1992 to September 1997. He
            served as a managing partner of Shenzhen Finance Accounting Firm (深圳市融信會計師事務所) from October 1997
            to October 2008. He served as a senior partner of Daxin Certified Public Accountants from October 2008 to October
            2012. He served as an Independent Director of Bank of Chengdu Corporation Limited and Bank of Hainan.
            Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in the Maritime
            Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently an
            Independent Director of China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. He previously served as the Section Chief
            and the Department Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and
            land property company of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container
            Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary
            Committee of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings
            Ltd., the Vice Chairman of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange),
            the Vice President and General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart
            International Limited, the General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the
            Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of
            Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
            Mr. Wang Wanqing is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese
            Language & Literature from Anhui University. Mr. Wang currently serves as the Business Director of the Head Office
            and the General Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. He is concurrently the executive member of
            the China Institute of Internal Audit and a member of professional committee under the supervisory committee of
            China Association for Public Companies. Mr. Wang started his career in Anhui University in July 1986. He worked in
            the General Office in Anhui Province from November 1991 to February 2001. He consecutively served as the Head,
            Assistant President and Vice President of the Hefei Branch of the Company from February 2001 to April 2007. He
            served as the General Manager of the Human Resources Department at the Head Office of the Company and the
            Deputy Director of the Labour Union from April 2007 to August 2012. He served as the Business Director of the
            Head Office, the General Manager of the Human Resources Department and the Deputy Director of the Labour
            Union of the Company from September 2012 to March 2014. He has been an Employee Supervisor of the Company
            since July 2018.
China Merchants Bank       VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure            129
Annual Report 2020


      Mr. Liu Xiaoming is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a Ph.D. in Applied Economics from
      Xi’an Jiaotong University, and is a senior economist. He currently serves as the Director of the Labor Union of the
      Head Office of the Company. He started his career in Shaanxi University of Finance and Economics in July 1987.
      He served as the deputy head and head of the business office II of Shaanxi Office of China Rural Development
      Trust and Investment Corporation (中國農村發展信託投資公司) from March 1994 to February 1997. He joined the
      Company in February 1997, and consecutively served as Manager of the Credit Department and General Manager
      of the Risk Control Department of Xi’an Branch, Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of
      Urumqi Branch, Deputy General Manager of the Risk Management Department, Deputy General Manager of the
      Credit Management Department, General Manager of the Credit Approval Department and General Manager of
      the Credit Risk Management Department of the Head Office, and the General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch. He
      served as Executive Vice President of China Merchants Bank University, Director of the Training Center of the Head
      Office from December 2016 to June 2019, during which he concurrently served as General Manager of the Strategic
      Development Department of the Head Office.



      Senior management
      Mr. Tian Huiyu, please refer to Mr. Tian Huiyu’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Liu Yuan, please refer to Mr. Liu Yuan’s biography under the heading of “Supervisors” above.
      Mr. Liu Jianjun, please refer to Mr. Liu Jianjun’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Xiong Liangjun is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company. Mr. Xiong obtained a
      master’s degree in Money and Banking from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics and an EMBA degree
      from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business. He is a senior economist. He successively served as the Deputy
      Director-General of the CBRC Shenzhen Bureau, the Director-General of the CBRC Guangxi Bureau and the CBRC
      Shenzhen Bureau from September 2003 to July 2014. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee
      of the Company since July 2014.
      Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Mr. Wang Jianzhong is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in
      Accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and is an assistant economist. Mr. Wang joined
      the Company in November 1991 and successively served as the General Manager of Changsha Branch, the Deputy
      General Manager of the Corporate Banking Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Foshan Branch,
      the General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the Business Director of General Office of Corporate Finance Group of the
      Head Office and the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company since October 2002. He has served as an
      Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently a Director of China UnionPay Co., Ltd.
      and a member of Visa Asia Pacific Senior Advisory Council.
      Mr. Shi Shunhua is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained an MBA degree from China
      Europe International Business School and is a senior economist. Mr. Shi joined the Company in November 1996
      and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and the Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Branch,
      the General Manager of Suzhou Branch, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the Business Director of
      the General Office of Corporate Finance Group under the Head Office of the Company since May 2003. He has
      served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2019. He is concurrently the General Manager of
      Shanghai Branch of the Company and the Chairman of CMBFL and also serves as a member of the 13th Session of
      the Shanghai People’s Political Consultative Committee.
130   China Merchants Bank        VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020


            Mr. Wang Yungui is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree from the
            Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and is a senior economist. He successively
            served as the General Manager of the Department of Education and the General Manager of the Human Resources
            Department of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China from July 2008 to December 2016, and served as the
            Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of China Development Bank from December 2016 to March 2019. He has
            served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2019.
            Mr. Li Delin is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctorate degree in Economics
            from Wuhan University, and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in October 2013 and successively served
            as the Director of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customer Department, the General
            Manager of the Strategic Customer Department and the General Manager of the Institutional Customer Department,
            and the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and the General Manager of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of
            the Company. He has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since April 2019 and is concurrently
            the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Shenzhen Public Companies Association.
            Ms. Liu Hui is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. Ms. Liu obtained a MBA degree in Finance from
            Tsinghua University and The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and is a senior economist. She joined the Company
            in April 1995 and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of
            the Head Office, the General Manager of the Market Risk Management Department, the General Manager of the
            Asset and Liability Management Department and the General Manager of the Investment Management Department,
            and the President of the Investment Banking and Financial Market Department and the General Manager of the
            Asset Management Department. She has been serving as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since
            April 2019. She is concurrently the General Manager of the Asset Management Department of the Head Office
            of the Company, the Chairman of China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd., the Chairman of CMB Wealth
            Management Company Limited, the Chairman of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and the Chairman of CIGNA
            & CMB Asset Management Co., Ltd. (招商信諾資產管理有限公司), a Director of the Asian Financial Cooperation
            Association and a member representative of the Stock Issuance Standards Committee of ChiNext of Shenzhen Stock
            Exchange.



            Joint company secretaries
            Mr. Liu Jianjun, please refer to Mr. Liu Jianjun’s biography under the heading of “Biography of Directors” above.
            Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained a MBA degree from the
            Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow
            of both The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) and The Chartered Governance Institute (CGI)
            (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA)) in the United Kingdom and is a council
            member, the Vice Chairlady of the Professional Development Committee and the Professional Services Group
            of HKICS and is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by HKICS. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of
            Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate
            services for private, offshore and listed companies. Ms. Ho has over 20 years of experience in the corporate
            secretarial and compliance service field and is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few
            listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



      6.6 Evaluation and Incentive System for Directors, Supervisors and
          Senior Management
            The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors according to the “Resolution in
            Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to
            Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting; offers
            remuneration to Executive Directors and other senior management according to the “Policies on Remunerations
            of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”; and offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors in
            accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company. All of the Directors and Supervisors
            nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the Company.
China Merchants Bank               VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                131
Annual Report 2020


         The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management through the “Policies
         on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment Standards
         of the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to the “Policies on
         Evaluation of Performance of Directors by the Board of Supervisors” and the “Policies on Evaluation of Performance
         of Supervisors by the Board of Supervisors”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of
         the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course, conducting duty
         performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their annual duty performance records (including but not limited
         to, attendance of meetings, participation of researches, provision of recommendations and the term of office in
         the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation Questionnaire” completed by each Director and Supervisor
         and work summaries, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general meeting and regulatory authorities.
         According to the “Policies on Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management by the Board of Supervisors
         (Trial)”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of senior management through monitoring
         their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their duty performance information (including
         but not limited to, major speeches, major meeting minutes and the evaluation of the duty performance of senior
         management by the Board of Directors) and work reports, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general
         meeting and regulatory authorities.



6.7 Information on Employees
         As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 90,867 employees15 (including dispatched employees). The classification of
         our employees by profession is: 17,912 employees in corporate finance, 36,261 employees in retail finance, 4,381
         employees in risk management, 14,624 employees in operation management, 8,882 employees in research and
         development, 897 employees in administrative and logistical support, and 7,910 employees in general management.
         The classification of our employees by educational background is: 22,757 employees with master’s degrees and
         above, 59,771 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 8,339 employees with junior college degrees or below.



         Staff remuneration policy
         The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its operation targets, cultural and value concepts. It aims to
         refine and improve its incentive and restrictive mechanisms, realise its corporate goals, enhance its organisational
         performance and minimise its operating risk. The remuneration policy adheres to the remuneration management
         principles featuring “strategic orientation, performance enhancement, risk control, internal fairness and market
         adaptation” and reflects the remuneration concept of “fixing remuneration based on positions and workload”.
         In order to improve the remuneration incentive and restraint mechanism and mitigate various operating and
         management risks, the Company has established a mechanism related to remuneration deferred payment and
         performance-based remuneration recovery in accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management
         needs.



         Staff education and training program
         The Company has established a categorised, professional and digital talent training system, and adopts a diversified
         training method that combines online and offline training. The contents of training focus mainly on knowledge of its
         business and products, professional ethics and security, cultural values and leadership. During the reporting period,
         the Company fully completed all its training and education programs.




15
     Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants
     Fund, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, Merchants Union Consumer, CMB Network Technology and CMB YunChuang.
132   China Merchants Bank                   VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020



      6.8 Branches and Representative Offices
                                                                                                                                                                 Asset scale
                                                                                                                                              No. of   No. of   (in millions
            Regions                 Name of branches                Business address                                          Postal code   branches    staff       of RMB)
            Head Office             Head Office                     7088 Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen                              518040          1    4,882     3,144,613
                                    Credit Card Center              686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai                201201          1    6,311       721,168

            Yangtze River Delta     Shanghai Branch                 1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai        200120         95    5,077       285,880
                                    Shanghai Pilot Free             6 Jilong Road, Waigaoqiao Bonded Area, Pudong New             200131          1       19        36,580
                                      Trade Zone Branch               District, Shanghai
                                    Nanjing Branch                  199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing                     210005         83    3,074       200,360
                                    Hangzhou Branch                 23 Hangda Road, Hangzhou                                      310007         70    2,760       196,331
                                    Ningbo Branch                   342 Min’an East Road, Ningbo                                  315042         33    1,171        81,532
                                    Suzhou Branch                   36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park, Suzhou                   215028         32    1,372       121,544
                                    Wuxi Branch                     6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu District, Wuxi       214001         19      783        51,374
                                    Wenzhou Branch                  Block 2, 4, 5, Hongshengjin Garden, Wuqiao Avenue,            325000         14      572        37,703
                                                                      Lucheng District, Wenzhou
                                    Nantong Branch                  111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                                    226007         16      590        34,205

            Bohai Rim               Beijing Representative Office   26/F, Building 3, No.1 Yuetan South Street, Xicheng           100045          1       12             ╱
                                                                      District, Beijing
                                    Beijing Branch                  156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District, Beijing            100031        100    5,149       361,090
                                    Qingdao Branch                  65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao                     266103         51    1,569        53,438
                                    Tianjin Branch                  255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road, Hexi District,         300201         43    1,713        88,024
                                                                      Tianjin
                                    Jinan Branch                    Building 1, District 4, No. 7000, Jingshi Road,               250012         62    1,878        85,890
                                                                      High-tech Zone, Jinan
                                    Yantai Branch                   66 Zhujiang Road, Economic & Technological                    264006         17      573        20,428
                                                                      Development Area, Yantai
                                    Shijiazhuang Branch             172 Zhonghua Street South, Shijiazhuang                       050000         17      489        24,203
                                    Tangshan Branch                 45 Beixin Road West, Lubei District, Tangshan                 063000         11      249         7,512

            Pearl River Delta and   Guangzhou Branch                5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou                     510623         74    2,653       190,192
              West Side of          Shenzhen Branch                 2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen             518001        117    5,113       432,956
              Taiwan Strait         Fuzhou Branch                   316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard Road, Fuzhou                      350014         36    1,236        66,751
                                    Xiamen Branch                   18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District, Xiamen                  361012         31    1,018        60,057
                                    Quanzhou Branch                 180 Jiangbin North Road, Fengze Street, Quanzhou              362800         17      499        27,026
                                    Dongguan Branch                 200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District, Dongguan                  523000         28      930        52,666
                                    Foshan Branch                   12 Denghu Road East, Guicheng Street, Nanhai District,        528200         29    1,045        66,496
                                                                      Foshan

            North-eastern China     Shenyang Branch                 12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang                   110003         61    1,659        53,796
                                    Dalian Branch                   17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian                    116001         37    1,211        42,416
                                    Harbin Branch                   3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin                    150010         39    1,112        45,780
                                    Changchun Branch                9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun               130022         24      710        23,969

            Central China           Wuhan Branch                    518 Jianshe Avenue, Wuhan                                     430022        126    2,748       163,777
                                    Nanchang Branch                 468 Dieshan Road, Donghu District, Nanchang                   330008         58    1,525        93,986
                                    Changsha Branch                 766 Wuyi Avenue, Changsha                                     410005         44    1,508        59,504
                                    Hefei Branch                    169 Funan Road, Hefei                                         230001         42    1,383        62,740
                                    Zhengzhou Branch                96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                                450018         48    1,340        83,467
                                    Taiyuan Branch                  265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan           030012         24      885        35,912
                                    Haikou Branch                   Building C, Haian Yihao, 1 Shimao Road North, Haikou          570125          9      349        14,613
China Merchants Bank                    VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure                                                   133
Annual Report 2020


                                                                                                                                                                  Asset scale
                                                                                                                                             No. of    No. of    (in millions
         Regions               Name of branches               Business address                                               Postal code   branches     staff        of RMB)
         Western China         Chengdu Branch                 No. 1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road South, Wuhou                 610000         58      1,749        78,006
                                                                District, Chengdu
                               Lanzhou Branch                 9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou                       730030         29        923        35,981
                               Xi’an Branch                   1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Xi’an                                          710075         70      1,954        98,585
                               Chongqing Branch               88 Xingguang Road, New North District, Chongqing                   401121         50      1,710       100,752
                               Urumchi Branch                 2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                                            830006         16        781        29,649
                               Kunming Branch                 1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District, Kunming                         650021         52      1,313        61,806
                               Hohhot Branch                  9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District, Huhhot                       010098         22        637        26,342
                               Nanning Branch                 No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District, Nanning                   530028         20        552        33,254
                               Guiyang Branch                 West 2nd Tower, International Finance Center,                      550009         16        489        26,970
                                                                Guanshanhu District, Guiyang
                               Yinchuan Branch                138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan                  750001         15        431        15,016
                               Xining Branch                  4 Xinning Road, Chengxi District, Xining                           810000         10        303        11,163

         Outside Mainland China Hong Kong Branch              31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,                         ╱          1        265       108,611
                                                                Central, Hong Kong
                               USA Representative Office      23rd Floor, 535 Madison Avenue,New York, U.S.A                       10022         1          1            ╱
                               New York Branch                23rd Floor, 535 Madison Avenue,New York, U.S.A                       10022         1        105        58,354
                               Singapore Branch               1 Raffles Place, Tower2, #32-61, Singapore                         048616          1         55        10,743
                               Taipei Representative Office   333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District, Taipei                  11012         1          2            ╱
                               Luxembourg Branch              20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg                              L-2449         1         43        15,633
                               London Branch                  18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                                   ╱          1         51        15,137
                               Sydney Branch                  L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                                   ╱          1         43        12,158

         Other assignments     ╱                              ╱                                                                       ╱          ╱         11             ╱

                               CMB Wing Lung Bank             45 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong                                   ╱           ╱      2,023    HK$380,027
                               CMB Financial Leasing          21/F, 22/F, Unit One of 23/F, 24/F, Building 2,                    200120          ╱        304       192,201
                                                                1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Shanghai
                               CMB International Capital      45-46/F, Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road,                                 ╱          ╱        545     HK$43,714
                                                                Central, Hong Kong
                               CMB Wealth Management          Level 17-20, CR Capital Tower, 2700 Keyuan South                   518052          ╱        472          8,061
                                                                Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                               China Merchants Fund           China Merchants Bank Tower, 7088 Shennan Boulevard,                518040          ╱        660          8,237
                                                                Shenzhen
                               CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance     Unit 3102, China Merchants Bank Tower, 7088 Shennan                518040          ╱      3,727        75,196
                                                                Boulevard, Shenzhen
                               Merchants Union Consumer       18/F, Building A4, Kexing Science Park, Nanshan District,          518057          ╱        988       108,881
                                                                Shenzhen
                               CMB YunChuang                  1901, Building 5, Shenzhen New Generation Industrial Park,         518049          ╱        788            534
                                                                No.136 Zhongkang Road, Meidu Community, Meilin Street,
                                                                Futian District, Shenzhen
                               CMB Network Technology         4/F, Building A, CMB Information R&D Building,                     518057          ╱      4,775          1,267
                                                                Keji Zhongyi Road, Gaoxinzhong District, Nanshan District,
                                                                Shenzhen
         Total                 ╱                              ╱                                                                       ╱       1,877   90,86716            ╱




16
     Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants
     Fund, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, Merchants Union Consumer, CMB Network Technology and CMB YunChuang.
134   China Merchants Bank                              VI Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees, and Organisational Structure
      Annual Report 2020



      6.9 Organisational Structure of the Company
                                                                                                             Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                                                              Office of Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                                                        Consumer Rights Protection and Services
                                                                                                                     General Office
                                                                                                                                                                           Supervision Management Center#

                                                                                                             Human Resources Department


                                                                                                               Financial Technology Office


                                                                                                      Assets and Liabilities Management Department                       Investment Management Department#


                                                                                                            Financial Accounting Department


                                                                                                                                                                            Project Management Department#
                                                                                                                     Strategic Customers Department




                                                             General Office of Corporate
                                                                                                                    Institutional Customers Department                        Pension Finance Department#


                                                                                                                     Financial Institutions Department




                                                                      Finance
                                                                                                                  Small Enterprises Finance Department                            Loan Approval Center#




                                         Head Office
                                                                                                                     Transaction Banking Department                           International Business Center#


                                                                                                                         Offshore Finance Center




                                                              General Office of Investment
                                                                                                                     Investment Banking Department




                  China Merchants Bank
                                                                                                                       Financial Market Department




                                         Branches
                                                                                                                      Asset Management Department




                                                             Banking and Financial Markets
                                                                                                                        Asset Custody Department


                                                                                                                        Bills Business Department*


                                                                                                                        Bill Brokerage Department*                         Network Operation Service Center#




                                         Sub-branches




                                                                   General Office of Retail Finance
                                                                                                                                                                          Retail Strategic Alliance Department#

                                                                                                                     Wealth Management Department


                                                                                                                       Private Banking Department                                  Overseas Divisions#

                                                                                                                    Retail Credit Business Department
                                                                                                                    (Inclusive Finance Service Center)                         Consumer Finance Center#


                                                                                                                            Credit Card Center

                                                                                                                                                                      Operational Risk Management Department#

                                                                                                                                                                         Market Risk Management Department#
                                                                                                             Risk Management Department


                                                                                                              Credit Approval Department                                         Loan Approval Center#

                                                                                                               Asset Security Department                                  Special Assets Operating Center#

                                                                                                           Operation Management Department                                         Operation Center#


                                                                                                           Information Technology Department                                 Retail Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                                    Audit Department                                       Wholesale Application R&D Center#


                                                                                                                 Inspection Department                                          Infrastructure R&D Center#


                                                                                                             Legal Compliance Department                                   Data Asset and Platform R&D Center#


                                                                                                                 CMB Research Institute                                             Testing Center#


                                                                                                                     Training Center                                                  Data Center#


                                                                                                             Labor Union of the Head Office                                      Security Department#


                                                                                                               Administration Department                         Anti-money Laundering and Sanction Compliance Management Center#


                                                                                                        Representative Offices (Beijing, Shanghai,                          Procurement Management Department#
                                                                                                            United States of America, Taipei)

                                                                                                                                                                               Project Management Department#

                                                                                                                                                         Note：#secondary department
                                                                                                                                                              *independent secondary department
135   China Merchants Bank   VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020




      Leveraging on technology
      Corporate Governance

      to communicate belief
      Fintech empowers online bill business with immediate receipt
      of payments, helping you win the battle against the pandemic
      without ever leaving your home




      In 2020, CMB handled online discounting services for
      a total of 15,122 companies with discount credit amounting
      to RMB325.9 billion. Among them, 13,999 were micro-, small- and
      medium-sized enterprise customers, accounting for 93%.
136   China Merchants Bank                 VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020



      Corporate Governance

      7.1 Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                  Shareholders’ General Meeting



                  Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                                     Nomination Committee

                Nomination Committee                      Board of Directors            Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                     Supervisory Committee

        Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                                         Office of the Board of            Office of Board of
                                                                                Directors                     Supervisors

        Risk and Capital Management Committee

                                                                                                                                Assets and Liabilities Management
                                                                                                                                           Committee
                   Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                                                           Committee
       Related Party Transactions Management and                Executive Office of
       Consumer Rights Protection Committee                         President
                                                                                                                                   IT Management Committee


                 Shanghai Audit Division                                              Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                                 Business Continuity Management
                                                                                                                                           Committee
                                                   Audit Department

                 Shenzhen Audit Division                                               Xi’an Audit Division
                                                                                                                                       Fintech Committee



                  Nanjing Audit Division                                              Wuhan Audit Division




                 Shenyang Audit Division                                          Chengdu Audit Division




                                                                                      Fuzhou Audit Division
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                        137
Annual Report 2020



7.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 2 shareholders’ general meetings (11 proposals were reviewed
      and 5 reports were heard), 14 meetings of the Board of Directors (70 proposals were reviewed and 14 reports
      were heard), 7 meetings of the Board of Supervisors (25 proposals were reviewed and 15 reports were heard), 30
      meetings of the special committees under the Board of Directors (103 proposals were reviewed and 17 reports were
      heard), 3 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors (5 proposals were reviewed), 1 meeting
      of Non-Executive Directors (1 report was heard). In addition, 3 special researches were organised by the Board of
      Directors, and 3 by the Board of Supervisors.
      Having conducted thorough self-inspection pursuant to relevant requirements of the Announcement Regarding
      Implementation of Special Actions on Listed Companies Governance ([2020] No.69) issued by CSRC and the Notice
      Regarding Promoting the Principal Responsibility of Listed Companies in the Jurisdiction for Enhancing Governance
      to Achieve High Quality Development ([2020] No.128) issued by CSRC Shenzhen Office, the Company was not aware
      of any non-compliance of its corporate governance practice with the requirements set out in the CSRC’s regulatory
      documents governing the corporate governance of listed companies.



7.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened 2 shareholders’ general meetings, namely the 2019 Annual
      General Meeting on 23 June 2020 and the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting on 9 September 2020.
      For details of the resolutions, please refer to the documents on the shareholders’ general meeting published on
      the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company as well as the circulars regarding the shareholders’
      general meeting published on the websites of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. The notification,
      gathering, convening and voting procedures of the meeting complied with relevant requirements of the Company
      Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      Relevant resolutions were published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      and the Company, as well as on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times. For more
      information on the attendance of Directors at the shareholders’ general meeting, please refer to “Attendance of
      Directors at Relevant Meetings” of this report.
138   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020



      7.4 Board of Directors
            The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
            passed by the shareholders’ general meetings; formulating of the Company’s major principles and policies, including
            development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, remuneration regulations;
            deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; preparing annual financial budgets,
            final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and evaluating members of senior management. The
            Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
            Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
            on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
            would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
            The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
            establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
            efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses
            on key issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced,
            healthy and sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamic and
            balanced development in quality, efficiency and scale through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital,
            remuneration, internal control and connected transactions, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company to
            enhance its operation and management capabilities.



      7.4.1 Composition of the Board of Directors
            At present, the Board of Directors of the Company has seventeen members, including eight Non-Executive Directors,
            three Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the eight Non-Executive Directors are
            from large-state-owned enterprises where they hold key positions such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
            General Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer. They have extensive experience in corporate
            management, finance and accounting fields. The three Executive Directors have been engaged in financial
            management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-Executive
            Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, and financial experts, university professors and
            investment bankers with international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the
            banking industry at home and abroad. The two Independent Non-Executive Directors from Hong Kong are proficient
            in international accounting standards and the requirements of Hong Kong capital market. The Board of Directors
            of the Company has one female Director who, together with other Directors of the Company, offers professional
            opinions to the Company in their respective fields. Such diversified composition of the Board of Directors of the
            Company has brought about a wide spectrum of vision and highly professional experience, and also has maintained
            strong independence which enables the Board of Directors to make independent judgments and scientific decisions
            effectively when studying and considering important issues.
            The Company values the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and has formulated the relevant
            policies requiring that the Nomination Committee of the Company shall review the structure, number of Directors
            and composition (including their skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board of Directors at least once a year
            according to the Company’s business operation, asset scale and shareholding structure, and put forward proposals
            in respect of any intended changes to the Board of Directors in line with the strategies of the Company.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in Chapter VI of this report. To comply with the Hong Kong Listing
            Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all the corporate communication
            documents of the Company which disclose their names.
China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance                                                                               139
Annual Report 2020


7.4.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
      In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
      replaced by the shareholders at the shareholders’ general meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
      be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
      obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
      a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a shareholders’ general meeting before expiry of his/
      her term.
      A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a shareholders’ general meeting before the expiry of his/
      her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and administrative regulations (however, any claim made in
      accordance with any contract shall not be affected).
      The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
      Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall
      comply with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
      The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
      requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
      Nomination Committee of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
      shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for a Director and recommends suitable
      candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination proposal, the Board of Directors shall
      propose election of the related candidates at a shareholders’ general meeting and submit the relevant resolution at
      a shareholders’ general meeting for consideration and approval.



7.4.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      During the reporting period, all Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently exercised their rights
      under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory rules, devoted sufficient
      time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of the Company were fully
      compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and economic policies of the country,
      gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation and management of the Company, and
      fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative regulations, departmental regulations and
      the Articles of Association of the Company. All Directors of the Company were aware of their joint and individual
      responsibilities towards shareholders. During the year, the average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the
      Board of Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors was 99.45%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors, engagement of accounting
      firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company also
      gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees under the Board of Directors, and
      provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance and operation management of the
      Company, thereby ensuring the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Company is
      of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the
      CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the requirements of the Articles of Association
      of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
      Management” for all its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors, and the annual duty performance and cross-appraisal of the Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, and reported the appraisal results to the shareholders’ general meeting.
140   China Merchants Bank                 VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020


      7.4.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
            The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company has been served by different persons
            and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr.
            Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and is responsible for leading the Board of Directors,
            ensuring that all the Directors are updated regarding issues arising at board meetings, managing the operation of
            the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a constructive
            and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in time, the
            Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors duly
            receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Tian Huiyu serves as the
            President, responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and business
            plans.



      7.4.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the shareholders’ general meeting held in
            2020.
                                                                                        Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                  Related Party
                                                                                                                                                   Transactions
                                                                                                                    Risk and                      Management
                                                                                               Remuneration           Capital                    and Consumer
                                                     Board of        Strategy    Nomination and Appraisal Management                    Audit Rights Protection      Shareholders’
            Directors                              Directors (1)   Committee      Committee       Committee       Committee        Committee        Committee      General Meeting
                                                                                     Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance (2)
            Non-Executive Directors
            Miao Jianmin                                   5/5              /            1/1               /               /                /                 /                  /
            Fu Gangfeng                                  14/14            3/3               /              /               /                /                 /                2/2
            Zhou Song                                    14/14              /               /              /               /              7/7                 /                2/2
            Hong Xiaoyuan                                14/14              /               /            4/4             8/8                /                 /                2/2
            Zhang Jian                                   14/14               /              /              /             8/8                 /                /                2/2
            Su Min                                       14/14               /              /               /               /                /              4/4                2/2
            Wang Daxiong                                 14/14               /              /            4/4             8/8                 /                 /               2/2
            Luo Sheng                                    14/14            3/3               /               /            8/8                 /                 /               2/2
            Li Jianhong (resigned)                         9/9            3/3            3/3                /               /                /                 /               2/2

            Executive Directors
            Tian Huiyu                                   14/14            3/3            4/4                /              /                 /                /                2/2
            Liu Jianjun                                  14/14              /              /                /              /                 /              4/4                2/2
            Wang Liang                                   14/14              /              /                /            8/8                 /                 /               2/2

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
            Leung Kam Chung, Antony                      14/14               /             /             4/4               /                /                 /                2/2
            Zhao Jun                                     14/14               /             /               /               /              7/7               4/4                2/2
            Wong See Hong                                14/14               /           4/4                /              /              7/7               4/4                2/2
            Li Menggang                                  14/14               /           4/4             4/4               /              7/7                  /               2/2
            Liu Qiao                                     14/14               /           4/4             4/4             7/8                 /                 /               2/2
            Tian Hongqi                                  14/14               /              /               /              /              7/7               4/4                2/2

            Notes:      (1)   During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 14 meetings, and the special committees
                              under the Board of Directors held a total of 30 meetings.

                        (2)   Actual number of attendance does not include attendance by proxy.

                        (3)   Mr. Miao Jianmin has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and a Non-Executive Director since September
                              2020, and Mr. Li Jianhong has ceased to be Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and a Non-Executive Director
                              since September 2020.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                           141
Annual Report 2020


7.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
      The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
      of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
      Having made specific enquiry, so far as the Company is aware, all the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had
      complied with the aforesaid Model Code during the reporting period.
      The Company has also established the guidelines for the relevant employees’ dealings in the Company’s securities,
      which are no less exacting than the Model Code.



7.4.7 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances set out in Rule 3.13
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company has received
      from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence which was
      made in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion
      that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the requirement of independence set out
      in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
      all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through personal attendance
      at the meetings, on-site visits, research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles
      as Independent Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and
      its various special committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests
      and requests of minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the
      meetings convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at
      relevant meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors,
      engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the resolutions of the
      Board of Directors and others of the Company in the year.
      According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in
      2020, believing that such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the
      progress of significant matters in 2020. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results
      achieved in 2020. They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the
      certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major matters and formed their written opinions;
      they reviewed the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters
      on the agenda and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected
      transactions of the Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
142   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020



      7.5 Special Committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy Committee, the
            Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and Capital Management Committee,
            the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2020, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company carried out their duties in an
            independent, compliant and effective manner. During the year, these committees held a total of 30 meetings
            to study and review 120 significant issues, including strategic implementation and assessment, Fintech, profit
            appropriation, annual financial budget and final account, remuneration and appraisal, capital management plan,
            comprehensive risk management, internal control, related party transactions, consumer rights protection and
            construction of the Board of Directors, and reported their audit opinions and advices to the Board of Directors
            by submitting meeting minutes and holding on-site meetings, hence fully playing its role in assisting the Board of
            Directors to make scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company as well as
            their work in 2020 are summarised as follows.



      7.5.1 Strategy Committee
            The Strategy Committee consists of Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The incumbent members of the
            Strategy Committee are Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Fu Gangfeng, Luo Sheng, all being Non-Executive Directors and
            Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Strategy Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the operation and
            management goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, as well as supervising
            and examining the implementation of its annual operation plan and investment plan.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, and
                   make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider the material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operation and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on the important issues for discussion and determination by the Board
                   of Directors; and
            6.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2020, the Strategy Committee focused on reviewing the inclusive finance development responsibility and annual
            working programs, the use of the Fintech Innovation Project Fund and other proposals, and incorporated inclusive
            finance development responsibility in the function of Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors so as to strictly
            implement guidelines on inclusive finance service delivered by the Central Committee of CPC, the State Council and
            regulatory authorities. It also made prospective deployment of the bank’s business model for development stage
            3.0 by continuously increasing investment in Fintech, ensuring the long-term and normalised investment in Fintech
            innovations to firmly promote the transformation toward “Digital Bank”.
            Moreover, the Strategy Committee also considered the annual financial budget and final account report, annual
            profit appropriation plan, the business plan implementation, human resources strategy implementation report, the
            authorisation and issuance of the financial bonds and certificates of deposit and other matters.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                          143
Annual Report 2020


7.5.2 Nomination Committee
      The majority of members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Nomination Committee include Wong
      See Hong (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a
      Non-Executive Director) and Tian Huiyu (an Executive Director). The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible
      for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the Directors and senior management, conducting
      preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the Directors and senior management and making
      proposals to the Board of Directors.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
             Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
             scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
      2.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      3.     Conduct extensive searches for the qualified candidates for Directors and senior management;
      4.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
      5.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2020, the Nomination Committee assisted the Board of Directors in successfully completing the replacement
      process of the Chairman. It successively reviewed and approved the proposal on appointing Mr. Zhu Jiangtao as
      the Chief Risk Officer and the proposal on appointing Mr. Li Delin as the Executive Vice President, and regularly
      reviewed the member composition and structure of the Board of Directors and Special Committees to ensure
      compliance with various regulatory requirements.



7.5.3 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors,
      and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Leung Kam Chung, Antony, Liu Qiao (all being
      Independent Non-Executive Directors), Hong Xiaoyuan and Wang Daxiong (both being Non-Executive Directors). The
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is responsible mainly for reviewing the remuneration management system
      and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the Directors and senior management,
      making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of such proposals.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
             forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
      2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of Directors and senior management,
             make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such proposals;
      3.     Review the systems and policies for remuneration management of the whole Bank; and
      4.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2020, in order to continuously guide the cadres and employees of the Company to follow the strategic
      principle of “adhering to long-term strategies and tapping existing advantages”, thoroughly implement the mid-
      and long-term strategic goals set by the Board of Directors, while aiding the senior management in confronting
      operation challenges and enhance cohesion, remaining true to the original intention of “building a bank that thrives
      for centuries” and sticking to the concept of “long-term service for the CMB”, the Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee successively review the staff costs of CMB and other proposals, continuously enriched the connotation
      of the incentive and restrictive mechanism, and studied and improved the incentive plan and promoted the
      implementation thereof; pursuant to the provisions of the H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme, the Remuneration
      and Appraisal Committee conducted validity appraisal and price adjustment in respect of the appreciation rights
      granted, which ensured the continuous implementation of the medium-to-long term incentive mechanism of the
      Company.
144   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020


      7.5.4 Risk and Capital Management Committee
            The members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are Hong Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Zhang Jian, Wang
            Daxiong, Luo Sheng (all being Non-Executive Directors), Wang Liang (an Executive Director) and Liu Qiao (an
            Independent Non-Executive Director). The Risk and Capital Management Committee is mainly responsible for
            supervising the status of risk management by the senior management of the Company in relation to various major
            risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding ability and capital management status of the
            Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
                   market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and
                   other risks;
            2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
                   of the Company;
            3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
                   the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
            4.     Submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company;
            5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
                   and
            6.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2020, the Risk and Capital Management Committee continued to implement the Board of Director’s strategic
            principles of “quality first, efficiency in priority, risk controllable, and moderate scale”, adhered to the long-term
            and prudent risk management philosophy, and always maintained a strategic focus on risk management. It
            assisted the Board of Directors in strengthening the management of comprehensive risk, major asset allocation,
            impact of pandemic, capital management and other areas and actively implemented the Board of Directors’ target
            requirements of “outrunning the market and outperforming the peers”.
            The Risk and Capital Management Committee adhered to the regular meeting mechanism, assisted the Board of
            Directors to continuously strengthen the comprehensive risk management function and paid close attention to the
            impact of the pandemic on asset quality, stress testing, business continuity and major asset allocation. It remained
            vigilant at the hysteretic nature of financial risks, and emphasised maintenance of strategic focus under the new
            situation; continually attached importance to the formation of non-performing loans associated with credit cards
            and the risk of “joint debts”, required to strengthen risk management and enhance risk pricing capacity; kept a
            watchful eye on the impact brought by Sino-US relationship to the operation and development of the Company in
            all aspects, and performed regular review on the working report on compliance of institutions in the United States;
            reviewed and heard the interim planning for capital management, internal capital adequacy assessment, risk appetite
            implementation, consolidated statement management and other reports, earnestly pursued the sound and prudent
            risk management culture and assisted the Board of Directors in further enhancing its risk management capability.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                          145
Annual Report 2020


7.5.5 Audit Committee
      The majority of members of the Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi
      (Chairman), Zhao Jun, Wong See Hong, Li Menggang (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Zhou
      Song (a Non-Executive Director). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors
      of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting policies and financial
      position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company, proposing the appointment
      or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and internal control of the
      Company.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
      2.     Monitor the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures
             and work effectiveness of the internal audit department;
      3.     Coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;
      4.     Audit the financial information of the Company and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for
             the annual audit work of the Company, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy,
             completeness and timeliness of the information contained in the audited financial statements, and submit the
             same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
      5.     Examine the internal control system of the Company, and put forward the advices to improve the internal
             control of the Company;
      6.     Review and supervise the mechanism for the Company’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct in
             respect of financial statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always
             handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
      7.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Company; and
      8.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2020, based on the quarterly regular meeting system, the Audit Committee mainly reviewed the regular
      reports and internal and external audit reports to supervise and verify the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of
      information set out in the financial statements. The Company obtained the findings of internal audits in a timely
      manner and strengthened bank-wide self-examination and the rectification of and the accountability for the
      problems concerned by relevant regulators, promoted an effective communication mechanism between internal
      and external audits by constantly enhancing the communication with internal and external auditors, attached
      great importance to the construction of the auditing system, carried out special research on the auditing system to
      push forward the improvement of auditing techniques. The Audit Committee gave full play to its important role in
      monitoring operation management, disclosing risks and issues and improving management levels, and effectively
      discharged relevant functions and constantly promoted enhancement of management level.
      According to the “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted
      by the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties
      in preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2020:
      1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2020 and the unaudited
             financial statements of the Company.
      2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge
             of annual audit, the Audit Committee reviewed the report on the operation of the Company for 2020,
             exchanged opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit,
             reviewed the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues.
      3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed
             the Company’s Annual Report for 2020 and agreed to submit the same to the Board of Directors for
             consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the Board of
             Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the audit
             work of the Company in 2020.
146   China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020


      7.5.6 Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
            Committee
            The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
            are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.
            The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are
            Zhao Jun (Chairman), Wong See Hong and Tian Hongqi (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Su Min (a
            Non-Executive Director) and Liu Jianjun (an Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and
            Consumer Rights Protection Committee is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party
            transactions of the Company and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Identify related parties of the Company pursuant to relevant laws and regulations;
            2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions,
                   and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
            3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Company, and monitor the
                   establishment and improvement of the related party transaction management system of the Company;
            4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions of the Company;
            5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work of the Company;
            6.     Regularly listen to the report on the implementation of the consumer rights protection work of the Company
                   and the relevant resolution, and make recommendations to the Board of Directors in respect of the relevant
                   work;
            7.     Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
                   work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
                   and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work; and
            8.     Any other tasks delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2020, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee reviewed the
            fairness of the related party transactions, assisted the Board of Directors to ensure the legitimacy and compliance
            of related party transactions, carried out relevant responsibilities of consumer right protection in accordance with
            the regulatory requirements, reviewed and approved the 2019 Annual Related Party Transaction Report, the List
            of Related Parties in 2020, the Authorisation Letter Issued by the Board of Directors to the Senior Management
            of Singapore Branch for Approvement of Related Party Transaction Business and other proposals, reviewed and
            approved the related party transactions of the Company with its related parties, including Dajia Life Insurance Co.,
            Ltd., China Communications Construction Group Co., Ltd. and CMB Wealth Management Company Limited, and
            reviewed and approved the report on consumer rights protection and other reports.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                           147
Annual Report 2020



7.6 Corporate Governance Functions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
      1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
             amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
      2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
             management;
      3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
             requirements;
      4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
             Directors and employees of the Company;
      5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
             Report of Corporate Governance; and
      6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
             Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
             the Company are effective.



7.7 Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general
      meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
      legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
      management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
      creditors and other stakeholders.



7.7.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
      As of the end of reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members, including
      three Shareholder Supervisors, three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion of
      Employee Supervisors and External Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the
      regulatory requirements. The three Shareholder Supervisors are from large- state-owned enterprises where they serve
      important posts and have extensive experiences in business management and professional knowledge in finance and
      accounting; the three Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management, and thus
      accumulated rich professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional expertise
      and rich practical experience in economic management and research, accounting, corporate governance and other
      areas. Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence
      required for their performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
      A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.



7.7.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
      The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
      Supervisors and special committees, attending shareholders’ general meetings, board meetings and its special
      committee meetings, attending various meetings on operation and management held by the senior management;
      reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the senior
      management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys at
      domestic and overseas branches of the Company on a collective or separate basis and having talks with Directors
      and the senior management over their duty performance in the year, communicating with external auditors regularly,
      etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors comprehensively monitors the operation and management status, risk
      management status and internal control status of the Company as well as duty performance of the Directors and
      the senior management, and puts forward the constructive and targeted operation and management advice and
      supervision opinions.
148   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020


      7.7.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of seven meetings, of which two were on-site
            meetings and five were meetings convened and voted by correspondence. 25 proposals regarding development
            strategies, business operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, internal audit, related party
            transactions, corporate governance, social responsibilities, anti-money laundering work, evaluation of the duty
            performance of Directors, Supervisors and senior management and audit on the resignation of senior management
            were considered, and 15 special reports involving implementation of risk appetite, disposal of non-performing assets,
            capital adequacy ratio, consolidated management, prevention and control of crimes, consumer rights protection
            were delivered or reviewed at those meetings.
            In 2020, the Company convened two shareholders’ general meetings and four on-site board meetings. Supervisors
            attended the shareholders’ general meeting and were present at all the on-site board meetings, and supervised
            the legitimacy and compliance of convening the shareholders’ general meeting and the board meetings, voting
            procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, expression of opinions and voting details.
            During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
            independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending meetings of the Board
            of Supervisors, convening special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in shareholders’
            general meeting and meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its special committees, participating in the Board
            of Supervisors’ investigations and surveys conducted at branch level on a collective or separate basis, proactively
            familiarising themselves with the operation and management and the implementation of strategies of the Company,
            and actively participating in studies and reviews on significant matters. During the adjournment of the meetings
            of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the External Supervisors reviewed various documents and
            reports of the Company, and exchange opinions with the Board of Directors and senior management in respect of
            the problems concerned in a timely manner, thereby playing an active role in enabling the Board of Supervisors to
            perform their supervisory duties.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
            matters.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                         149
Annual Report 2020


7.7.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
      The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, each
      consisting of four Supervisors, and those committees were chaired by an External Supervisor.
      The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Nomination Committee of the Eleventh Session of the
      Board of Supervisors were Ding Huiping (Chairman), Peng Bihong, Wen Jianguo and Liu Xiaoming. The major
      duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to make proposals to the Board of Supervisors on the size and
      composition of the Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and procedures for the election of Supervisors
      and propose the same to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for
      Supervisors; to undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications of the candidates for Supervisors nominated
      by Shareholders and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise the procedures for election of Directors; to
      evaluate the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and senior management and the duty performance of their
      members, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors; to supervise whether the remuneration management
      system and policies of the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and
      reasonable.
      In 2020, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held one meeting at which it reviewed and
      considered the report of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance of the Board of Directors, the Board of
      Supervisors and the senior management and their members in 2019.
      The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      As at the end of the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee of the Eleventh Session of the
      Board of Supervisors were Han Zirong (Chairman), Wu Heng, Xu Zhengjun and Wang Wanqing. The major duties
      of the Supervisory Committee are to formulate the supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by
      the Board of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct
      relevant examinations; to supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value
      standards and its formulation of suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company;
      to conduct supervision and assessment on the important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior
      management and their implementations, the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance
      structure and the overall risk management governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and
      their duty performance; to formulate the specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and
      risk management of the Company under the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate
      the plans for conducting resignation audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
      In 2020, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of two meetings at which it
      reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2020 and the audit on the resignation of
      senior management. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors were also
      present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital Management Committee and Audit Committee
      under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration and discussion of the above special committee
      on the financial decisions, risk management, capital management, internal control compliance, internal audit and
      other aspects of the Company, and offered comments and suggestions on some of the issues.
150   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020



      7.8 Trainings and Investigations/Surveys Conducted by Directors and
          Supervisors during the Reporting Period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company organised six
            investigations/surveys, through which the duty performance, decision-making and effectiveness of supervision of our
            Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised three investigations/surveys/visits
            for the Directors, which involved visits to some tier-1 and tier-2 branches to have deep understanding of the
            operation and management of its branches and sub-branches, reviewed the report of the branches on operation and
            management, strategic transformation, risk management and control, internal control management and consumer
            rights protection and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions. Meanwhile, the Board of Directors of the
            Company conducted special investigations and surveys on the construction of audit system, reviewed the report
            on the development and work practices of the audit system of the Company and provided constructive opinions
            and suggestions. In addition, the Non-Executive Directors of the Company reviewed the “Report on Promoting the
            Sustainable Development of Inclusive Finance with Fintech (
                                                                     《關於以金融科技推進普惠金融持續發展的匯報》                      )” to have
            deeper understanding of the development of the small- and micro-enterprise loan business of the Company, and
            guide the Company to operate, expand, improve and strengthen inclusive finance business.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company overcame the adverse effects of the pandemic
            on investigations and surveys, innovated research methods, actively grasped the window period for mitigation of
            the pandemic, and completed the annual investigations and surveys with quality and quantity. During the period of
            pandemic control, members of the Board of Supervisors provided their opinions and suggestions on management by
            written form instead of on-site investigations and surveys in the first quarter. During the mitigation of the pandemic,
            two domestic collective surveys were conducted, involving five branches and sub-branches. During the surveys, the
            Board of Supervisors understood and learned the operation and management information of the branches from
            various aspects such as the operation indicators, performance appraisal, risk management and asset quality, basic
            management work, internal audit findings, internal control and compliance management, and external supervision
            and inspection status of the branches. Based on the issues, the Board of Supervisors conducted in-depth analysis
            and discussions on issues such as the implementation of openness and integration policy, risk management, basic
            management and employee behavior management that the Board of Supervisors focused on, and put forward
            targeted suggestions and opinions. The Board of Supervisors distributed four issues of the “Work Summary of the
            Board of Supervisors (《監事會工作要情》           )” to deliver its supervisory opinions and suggestions as well as research
            results to the Board of Directors and senior management, coordinated and promoted the solving of difficulties and
            problems of the branches, and also submitted the rational feedback of the branches on the optimisation of the
            work of Head Office. Through adjustment and optimisation, the researches of the Board of Supervisors have formed
            a closed-loop full process of information collection, problem sorting, supervised solution and communication and
            feedback. The mechanism has been running smoothly with remarkable effect.
            During the reporting period, the Directors of the Company participated in relevant trainings or researches according
            to the requirements on duty performance, the contents of which include corporate governance, policies and
            regulations, banking operation and management and compliance in anti-money laundering and sanctions. The above
            trainings or researches helped improve the duty performance of the Directors, ensured that the Directors were fully
            aware of the information required for duty performance, and continued to make contributions to the Board of
            Directors of the Company.
            During the reporting period, all Supervisors of the Company participated in online training on the theme of
            “Anti-Money Laundering and Sanction Compliance” in accordance with regulatory requirements, systematically
            studied the duties of anti-money laundering, basic system of anti-money laundering, economic sanctions and
            compliance and other content, completed and passed the relevant training tests, and further improved the ability of
            the Board of Supervisors to perform duties in anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                           151
Annual Report 2020



7.9 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
      During the reporting period, Mr. Liu Jianjun and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external
      services provider, are the joint company secretaries of the Company under Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Liu Jianjun
      is the major contact person of the Company on internal issues.
      During the reporting period, Mr. Liu Jianjun and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
      trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of Hong Kong Listing Rules.



7.10 Misconduct Reporting and Monitoring
      During the reporting period, the Company had no internal cases that inflict huge losses, or external cases or
      incidents of theft or robbery, or material safety issues.



7.11 Communication with Shareholders
      Investor relations
      In 2020, the Company remained focus on investors, actively responded to the impact of the pandemic, innovated
      organisational forms, and continued to strengthen its communication with the capital market through webcasts,
      conference calls and other methods. Meanwhile, based on its thoughts about the historical position, strategic choices
      and impact of the pandemic, the Company comprehensively and thoroughly introduced its stable fundamentals as
      well as the logic and strategy behind its differentiated development to various domestic and foreign investors and
      analysts, and addressed the impact and effects of the pandemic, LPR reform, Fintech and other issues concerned
      by the capital market in a timely and efficient manner. The Company’s full-year performance in the capital market
      achieved the goal of “outrunning the market and outperforming the peers”. The valuation of the Company’s A+H
      Shares remained at the forefront in the domestic banking industry, the full-year growth rate exceeded the market
      and industry averages.
      During the reporting period, the Company held two annual and interim results press conferences through webcast,
      and one quarterly results press conference and one exchange meeting via conference call. 1,029 and 934 investors,
      analysts and media reporters participated in the annual and interim results press conferences, respectively, and the
      market response was positive. In 2020, the Company, for the first time, organised and disclosed meeting records in
      a timely manner after the annual results press conference, quarterly results exchange meeting and annual general
      meeting, which helped to provide the capital market with more comprehensive and true information of China
      Merchants Bank.
      The Company attached great importance to investor relations management. Chairman Li Jianhong (resigned) and
      President Tian Huiyu attended the 2019 annual results press conference, and President Tian Huiyu also attended
      the 2020 interim results press conference. They gave detailed answers to market and media concerns. Following
      the release of 2019 annual results and 2020 interim results, President Tian Huiyu and other senior management
      formed three teams to conduct online road-shows with the investors of A Shares and H Shares, covering more
      than 240 domestic and foreign institutional investors. Issues such as strategic vision, Fintech transformation,
      business development, advantages and characteristics have been fully and intensively discussed. Given the increased
      instability in market sentiment since the pandemic outbreak, investors and senior management of the Company
      have a stronger need for communication. Following the 2020 first quarterly results press conference, Executive Vice
      President Liu Jianjun and Executive Vice President Wang Liang led respective teams to conducted full and effective
      communication with more than 150 investors of A Shares and H Shares of the Company and analysts on issues such
      as the first quarterly results and the impact of the pandemic on the Company. Following the release of the 2020
      third quarterly results, the Company organised relevant business departments across the Bank to hold an exchange
      meeting with investors and analysts via telephone to actively respond to capital market concerns such as the results
      and asset quality of the Company.
      In 2020, the Company participated in several investment strategy meetings held by a total of 46 domestic and
      foreign investment banks and securities companies. Through 97 discussions in “one-to-one” or “one-to-many”
      meetings, the Company has met with more than 900 domestic and foreign institutional investors, representing a
      year-on-year increase in the number of investors met. The Company actively received 127 visits and telephone surveys
      by institutional investors, and conducted discussions with more than 350 investors. We also answered hundreds of
      phone calls from our investors and processed hundreds of messages from our investors on the Company’s official
      website, investors’ mailbox, and SSE E-interaction. The above measures satisfied the needs of our investors and
      analysts at home and abroad to communicate with the Company in an effective manner.
152   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020


            Information disclosure
            The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the Company attached great importance
            to the Company’s information disclosure. Relying on good corporate governance, complete internal control and
            sound information disclosure system, the Company continued to strengthen information disclosure management to
            effectively protect the rights of all shareholders, especially small and medium investors, and obtained information in
            a timely, accurate and equal manner.
            During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with relevant laws and regulations on information
            disclosure at home and abroad to disclose all major information truthfully, accurately, completely, timely and fairly,
            and disclosed a total of 230 documents on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
            including periodic reports, holding announcements, corporate governance documents and shareholder circulars,
            with approximately 1.88 million words in total. No information disclosure errors have occurred. While fulfilling
            the statutory information disclosure obligations, the Company further expanded and deepened the initiative
            and transparency of information disclosure, proactively released preliminary financial data for the annual results,
            and presented the effects of strategy implementation and differentiated competitive advantages from multiple
            perspectives in its periodic reports to reasonably guide market expectations. Under the macroeconomic and financial
            situation, the Company proactively disclosed the impact of the pandemic on its business development and asset
            quality management and control after fully considering the major issues that the investors were concerned about,
            which obtained recognition from the capital market. In addition to regular disclosure channels, the Company actively
            explored and adopted H5 and other forms to intensively display the core data indicators of the annual report to
            enhance the reading experience of investors.
            The Company has established a comprehensive and complete information disclosure system. During the reporting
            period, the Company enhanced the management of information disclosure and insider trading by strengthening
            compliance education and daily supervision and regularly sending reminders. The Company clarified the scope and
            quantitative standards for the submission of material and sensitive information, which effectively improved the
            accuracy and timeliness of material and sensitive information submitted, and further enhanced the compliance
            awareness of the entities responsible for information disclosure across the Bank. Meanwhile, the Company continued
            to adjust and optimise the information disclosure process based on work practices, and continue to strengthen the
            implementation of relevant rules and regulations for information disclosure.
            The Company strived to continuously improve the initiative and transparency of information disclosure, and its
            information disclosure practice met with recognition from the regulatory authorities. The Company received the
            highest grade of “A” in the annual appraisal of information disclosure of listed companies organised by the SSE.
China Merchants Bank       VII Corporate Governance                                                                         153
Annual Report 2020



7.12 Shareholders’ Rights
      Convening of extraordinary shareholders’ general meetings
      An extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors within two months
      upon request in writing by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting
      shares.



      Making proposals at the shareholders’ general meetings
      If the Company convenes a shareholders’ general meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
      3% of the total issued voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company 15
      working days before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and submit the same to the convenor. The
      convenor shall issue a supplemental notice to the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the
      interim proposals within two working days after receiving the proposals.



      Convening of extraordinary board meeting
      An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than one-tenth
      (10%) of the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within ten (10) days upon
      receiving such proposal.



      Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
      Shareholders are entitled to review the information on the Company (including the Articles of Association of the
      Company, the status of share capital, the minutes of the shareholders’ general meeting, resolutions of board
      meetings, resolutions of meetings of the Board of Supervisors, financial and accounting reports) in accordance with
      the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying
      the class and quantity of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, the identity of whom has been verified by
      the Company.



      Cash dividend policies
      The Company has formulated its cash dividend policies. For details, please refer to the “formulation and
      implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies” in Chapter III.



7.13 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association of the
     Company
      During the reporting period, the Company did not amended the Articles of Association of the Company.



7.14 Statement Made by the Directors about Their Responsibility for
     the Financial Statements
      The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
      information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
      submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
      financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 to present a true view of the operating results of the
      Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
      might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.
154   China Merchants Bank        VII Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2020



      7.15 Internal Control
            During the reporting period, according to the unified deployment of the CBIRC, the Company carried out the “look
            back” on the disorder rectification work carried out since 2017. Focusing on the main points of disorder rectification
            work in 2020, the Company conducted in-depth self-examination and self-correction as well as comprehensive
            rectification, adhered to the principle of linking work at selected spots with that in entire areas and addressing
            the symptoms and root causes, and continued to build a long-lasting mechanism to contain various violations and
            risk cases, so as to steadily promote the improvement and promotion of internal management. The main activities
            include: carrying out an in-depth special campaign to improve the basic management across the Bank; continuing to
            strengthen the compliance training and case warning education for the employees, guiding them to firmly establish
            the awareness of compliance with laws, rules and disciplines, and actively fostering a compliance culture in which
            “we cannot violate regulations, dare not violate regulations, and are unwilling to violate regulations”; continuing
            to conduct investigations on employees’ abnormal behaviour and special investigations, identifying and eliminating
            all kinds of potential risks in a timely manner. To copy with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the on-site
            inspections, the Company further promoted the openness and sharing of the auditing “Hawk Eye” system to the
            Head Office business departments and the branches, organised the business lines and the branches to make full use
            of inspection tools, such as data model, audio and video recording and business image system, so as to continue
            to strengthen the off-site inspection and data verification, conscientiously perform the duty of business supervision,
            and effectively guarantee the compliance operation and healthy development of the Company’s various businesses.
            During the reporting period, the Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the
            whole Bank in 2020. As reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of
            completeness, reasonableness and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details,
            please refer to the “Report of Assessment on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2020”, and
            the “Auditors’ Report on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2020” issued by Deloitte Touche
            Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP with standard unqualified opinions.



      7.16 Internal Audit
            The Company has an independent and vertical internal audit management system. The Board of Directors shall
            assume the ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of internal audit, being responsible for
            reviewing and approving the constitutional documents of internal audit, establishing the audit organisation system,
            formulating the medium-to-long term audit plan and the annual audit plan, appointing the head officer of the
            audit department, providing necessary support to carry out internal audit work independently and objectively, and
            assessing the independence and effectiveness of internal audit work. The Head Office has an Audit Department,
            which shall be accountable to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors and
            report its work to such Committee. It is under the guidance of the Board of Supervisors and senior management,
            which shall undertake specific internal audit duties. The Audit Department consists of nine audit divisions, which
            strengthens the ongoing audit and rectification following-up of regional branches and institutions. The Audit
            Department under the Head Office has nine specialised teams to strengthen off-site audit work such as “research,
            analysis, organisation and guidance” and enhanced the support and guidance to the audit divisions. Meanwhile,
            four corresponding audit teams were set up to strengthen the auditing of departments under Head Office, overseas
            institutions, anti-money laundering work and credit card business.
            In 2020, the Company revised the “Internal Audit Charter of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” to further clarify the
            content of continuous audit work, emphasise the supervision role of continuous audit, promptly give various risk
            warnings, and insist on the transferring from correction after the occurrence of malpractice to correction before
            or amid the occurrence of malpractice. With an emphasis on risk prevention and control, the Company paid close
            attention to its strategies, risks and regulatory concerns to strengthen audit and supervision over key areas, key risks
            and other key aspects. Meanwhile, the Company stressed on special rectifications to strengthen audit rectifications,
            proposed audit suggestions timely, and promoted the continuous improvement of mechanism, processes and
            systems, thus contributing to the stable operation across the Bank.



      7.17 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
            During the reporting period, the Company has applied the principles of the Corporate Governance Code set out
            in Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and has complied with all the code provisions and recommended
            practices (if applicable).
155   China Merchants Bank   VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
      Annual Report 2020




      Efficiency in exchange
      Report of the Board of Supervisors

      for reassurance
      Online loan approval
      Completing small and micro loan applications without leaving home




      Focusing on inclusive financial services
      Realising full-process online loan service to facilitate the
      development of small- and micro-sized enterprises
      The balance of inclusive small- and micro-enterprise loans
      exceeding RMB500 billion
156   China Merchants Bank         VIII Report of the Board of Supervisors
      Annual Report 2020



      Report of the Board of Supervisors

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the financial
      activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and
      the senior management of the Company pursuant to the “Company Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the Articles of
      Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory authorities.
      Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors:



      Lawful Operation
      During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the “Company Law of the People’s
      Republic of China”, the “Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the Articles of Association of
      the Company, the internal control system was improved, and the decision making procedures were lawful and valid. None
      of the Directors and senior management of the Company were found to have violated the relevant laws, regulations or the
      Articles of Association of the Company or had done anything detrimental to the interests of the Company and shareholders.



      Authenticity of Financial Statements
      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have audited the financial
      statements for 2020 in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial
      Reporting Standards respectively and have each produced a standard unqualified audit report, stating that the financial
      statements have given a true, objective and accurate view of the financial position and operating results of the Company.



      Use of Proceeds
      During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in the
      Prospectus of the Company.



      Purchase and Disposal of Assets
      During the reporting period, the Company is unaware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets which
      would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.



      Related Party Transactions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions which were not
      conducted on an arm’s length basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and its shareholders.



      Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
      The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
      the shareholders’ general meeting in 2020, and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant
      resolutions passed at the shareholders’ general meeting(s).



      Internal Control
      The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      for 2020”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness, reasonableness and
      effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.
China Merchants Bank     IX Financial Statements         157
Annual Report 2020



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                       158


Financial Statements and Notes Thereto             163


Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information      313
(See Annexures)
158   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                              DTTHK(A)(21)I00002




      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 163 to 312, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow
      statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board
      for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                            159
Annual Report 2020

                                                                                                        DTTHK(A)(21)I00002
Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
  to customers at amortised cost and debt investments
  at amortised cost

We identified expected credit loss (ECL) allowance of loans      Our audit procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
and advances to customers at amortised cost and debt             allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost as a key audit matter due          cost and debt investments at amortised cost included the
to the materiality of the balances of these financial assets     following:
and judgement involved in deriving the ECL estimates.
An expected credit loss model was applied by the Group           We understood management’s process and tested the
to estimate ECLs, which involves significant management          design and operating effectiveness of key controls across
judgement and estimates in model design, its application         the processes relevant to the ECL estimation of the Group.
and inputs.                                                      These controls included the development, validation and
                                                                 review of the ECL model; the controls over the model data
As at 31 December 2020, as set out in Note 22(a), the            input, including manual controls and automated controls;
Group reported loans and advances to customers at                the automated controls over the ECL model calculation
amortised cost of RMB4,656,668 million and RMB234,522            process; the controls over the identification of SICR
million of expected credit loss allowances. Whilst as set        indicators and credit impairment events.
out in Note 23(b), the Group reported debt investments at
amortised cost of RMB1,075,486 million and expected credit       We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
loss allowances of RMB26,206 million.                            Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
                                                                 into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
Key judgements and estimates in respect of the                   loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and
measurement of ECLs include: the identification of a             debt investments at amortised cost, we involved our
significant increase in credit risk (SICR); the identification   internal modelling specialist to assist us in assessing the
of credit impairment events; the determination of inputs         appropriateness of the Group’s methodology of ECL
used in the ECL model, as well as the determination of the       modelling. We reviewed relevant documents and evaluated
forward-looking information to incorporate.                      the appropriateness and application of the ECL model.

Principal accounting policies, accounting estimates and          With the support of our internal modelling specialist,
judgement applied in determining the expected credit loss        we assessed the reasonableness of the key definitions,
allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised       application of parameters and assumptions in the ECL
cost and debt investments at amortised cost are set out in       model. This included assessing stage determination,
Notes 4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial statements.    probability of default, loss given default, exposure at
                                                                 default, forward-looking information and COVID-19 impact.
                                                                 We selected samples to check whether the calculation
                                                                 of the samples in the ECL model is consistent with the
                                                                 methodology. We selected samples to conduct credit
                                                                 reviews in order to assess the appropriateness of the
                                                                 significant judgements made by the management regarding
                                                                 the occurrence of SICR and credit impairment events and
                                                                 appropriate and timely identification of such events. In
                                                                 addition, we selected samples and tested their data input in
                                                                 the ECL model to evaluate the completeness and accuracy
                                                                 of the data input. For the loans and advances at amortised
                                                                 cost and debt investments at amortised cost at stage 3, we
                                                                 selected samples to test the reasonableness of future cash
                                                                 flows from the borrowers estimated by the Group, including
                                                                 the expected recoverable amount of collateral, to assess
                                                                 whether there were material misstatements in the credit loss
                                                                 allowances.
160   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020

                                                                                                               DTTHK(A)(21)I00002
      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Consolidation of Structured Entities

      We identified consolidation of structured entities as an area   Our audit procedures in relation to consolidation of
      of key audit matter since significant judgment is applied by    structured entities included the following:
      management to determine whether or not the Group has
      control of certain structured entities.                         We understood and tested the design and operating
                                                                      effectiveness of key controls over the management process
      The structured entities include the wealth management           in determining the consolidation scope for interests in
      products, asset management schemes, mutual funds,               structured entities as well as understood the purpose for
      etc. as disclosed in Note 64 to the consolidated financial      setting up the structured entities.
      statements.
                                                                      We also evaluated management judgement in whether
      As described in Note 4(1), the consolidation of structured      the Group has control in the structured entities and the
      entities is determined based on control. Control is             conclusion about whether or not the consolidation criteria is
      achieved when the investor has power over the investee,         met, with assessment, on a sample basis, of the terms of the
      the investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns     relevant contracts, including the rights to variable returns of
      from its involvement with the investee; and the investor        the structured entities and the ability of the Group to use its
      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. When    power to affect its return.
      performing the assessment of whether the Group has
      control of structured entities, the Group considers several
      factors including, among other things, the scope of its
      decision-making authority over the structured entities, the
      rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
      is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for
      the assets management services and the Group’s exposure
      to variability of returns from interests that it holds in the
      structured entities.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              161
Annual Report 2020

                                                                                                          DTTHK(A)(21)I00002
Other Information
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
162   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020

                                                                                                                DTTHK(A)(21)I00002
      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements (continued)
      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:
      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.
      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
             disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
      •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
             based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
             may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
             uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
             consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
             based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
             may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
             disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
             manner that achieves fair presentation.
      •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
             within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
             direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
      audit.
      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
      thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
      matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
      matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
      because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
      such communication.
      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Eric Tong.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong




      19 March 2021
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                      163
Annual Report 2020



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  Notes      2020        2019
Interest income                                                      6     307,425     292,994
Interest expense                                                     7    (122,394)   (119,904)
Net interest income                                                       185,031     173,090
Fee and commission income                                            8     86,684      79,047
Fee and commission expense                                                 (7,198)     (7,554)
Net fee and commission income                                              79,486      71,493
Other net income                                                     9     22,881      23,482
– Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                        (273)        146
Operating income                                                           287,398    268,065
Operating expenses                                                  10    (102,814)   (91,497)
Operating profit before impairment losses                                 184,584     176,568
Expected credit losses                                              14    (64,871)    (61,066)
Impairment losses on other assets                                            (154)        (93)
Share of profit of joint ventures                                   25      2,392       1,686
Share of profit of associates                                       26        489          37
Profit before taxation                                                    122,440     117,132
Income tax                                                          15    (24,481)    (23,709)
Profit for the year                                                        97,959      93,423
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                 97,342      92,867
Non-controlling interests                                                     617         556
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (RMB)                                             17        3.79        3.62

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
164   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               Notes    2020      2019
      Profit for the year                                                              97,959    93,423
      Other comprehensive income for the year after tax and
        reclassification adjustments
        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
           Equity-accounted investees share of other comprehensive income                463       368
           Fair value (loss)/gain on debt instruments measured at fair value
             through other comprehensive income                                        (2,729)    1,640
           Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                  1,054       626
           Cash flow hedge: net movement in hedging reserve                               (27)     (102)
           Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
             foreign operations                                                        (2,483)     497
        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
           Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at fair value
             through other comprehensive income                                          481       729
           Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                     43         1
      Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                        16    (3,198)    3,759
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                       (2,967)    3,693
      Non-controlling interests                                                          (231)       66
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                          94,761    97,182
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                       94,375    96,560
      Non-controlling interests                                                           386       622

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                        165
Annual Report 2020



Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                    Notes       2020        2019
Assets
Cash                                                                           13,088      15,306
Precious metals                                                                 7,970       4,094
Balances with central banks                                           18      525,358     552,590
Balances with banks and other financial institutions                  19      103,335     106,113
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                20      226,919     307,433
Amounts held under resale agreements                                  21      286,262     108,961
Loans and advances to customers                                       22    4,804,361   4,277,300
Investments at fair value through profit or loss                    23(a)     495,723     398,276
Derivative financial assets                                         60(f)      47,272      24,219
Debt investments at amortised cost                                  23(b)   1,049,280     921,228
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   23(c)     516,553     478,856
Equity investments designated at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                             23(d)      7,139       6,077
Interest in joint ventures                                            25      12,403      10,324
Interest in associates                                                26       2,519         460
Investment properties                                                 27       1,623       1,925
Property and equipment                                                28      69,470      66,408
Right-of-use assets                                                 29(a)     19,104      20,000
Intangible assets                                                     30       4,763       4,575
Goodwill                                                              31       9,954       9,954
Deferred tax assets                                                   32      72,893      65,151
Other assets                                                          33      85,459      37,990
Total assets                                                                8,361,448   7,417,240

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
166   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020


                                                                             Notes        2020        2019
      Liabilities
      Borrowing from central banks                                                      331,622     359,175
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                      34      723,402     555,581
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                    35      143,517     165,921
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                36       60,351      43,434
      Derivative financial liabilities                                        60(f)      50,061      23,200
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                  37      142,927      63,233
      Deposits from customers                                                   38    5,664,135   4,874,981
      Salaries and welfare payable                                            39(a)      15,462      11,638
      Tax payable                                                               40       18,648      19,069
      Contract liabilities                                                      41        6,829       6,488
      Lease liabilities                                                       29(b)      14,242      14,379
      Provisions                                                                42        8,229       6,109
      Debt securities issued                                                    43      346,141     578,191
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                  32        1,073         956
      Other liabilities                                                         44      104,455      77,178
      Total liabilities                                                               7,631,094   6,799,533
      Equity
      Share capital                                                             45      25,220      25,220
      Other equity instruments                                                  46      84,054      34,065
        – Preference shares                                                   46(a)     34,065      34,065
        – Perpetual debt capital                                              46(b)     49,989           –
      Capital reserve                                                           47      67,523      67,523
      Investment revaluation reserve                                            48       8,207       8,919
      Hedging reserve                                                           49         (66)        (39)
      Surplus reserve                                                           50      71,158      62,291
      Regulatory general reserve                                                51      98,082      90,151
      Retained profits                                                                 338,664     291,346
      Proposed profit appropriations                                          52(b)     31,601      30,264
      Exchange reserve                                                          53        (693)      1,561
      Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                            723,750     611,301
      Non-controlling interests                                                          6,604       6,406
        – Non-controlling interest                                                       2,851       2,427
        – Perpetual debt capital                                              62(a)      3,753       3,979
      Total equity                                                                     730,354     617,707
      Total equity and liabilities                                                    8,361,448   7,417,240

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
      Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2021.




      Miao Jianmin                               Tian Huiyu
      Director                                   Director
China Merchants Bank                                IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                           167
Annual Report 2020



Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                     2020

                                                                                         Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                               Non-controlling interests

                                                    Other equity instruments
                                                                 Perpetual                Investment                           Regulatory                    Proposed                          Perpetual        Non-
                                           Share Preference           debt     Capital revaluation      Hedging      Surplus      general    Retained           profit Exchange                    debt controlling
                                  Notes   capital      shares       capital    reserve       reserve     reserve     reserve      reserve      profits appropriations    reserve   Subtotal      capital     interests       Total

At 1 January 2020                         25,220       34,065            –     67,523          8,919         (39)    62,291        90,151     291,346          30,264     1,561    611,301         3,979        2,427      617,707

Changes in equity for the year                 –            –       49,989          –           (712)        (27)      8,867        7,931      47,318           1,337    (2,254)   112,449         (226)          424      112,647

  (a) Net profit for the year                  –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –      97,342               –         –     97,342          234           383       97,959
  (b) Other comprehensive
       income for the year          16         –            –            –          –           (686)        (27)          –            –               –           –    (2,254)     (2,967)       (226)           (5)      (3,198)

Total comprehensive income for
  the year                                     –            –            –          –           (686)        (27)          –            –      97,342               –    (2,254)    94,375            8           378       94,761

  (c) Capital contribution from
       equity holders                          –            –       49,989          –              –           –           –            –               –           –         –     49,989             –          218       50,207
       (i) Non-controlling
             shareholders’
             contribution to
             non-wholly owned
             subsidiaries                      –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –               –           –         –           –            –          218         218
       (ii) Issue of perpetual
             debt capital         46(b)        –            –       49,989          –              –           –           –            –               –           –         –     49,989             –            –       49,989
  (d) Profit appropriations                    –            –            –          –              –           –       8,867        7,931      (50,050)         1,337         –     (31,915)       (234)         (172)     (32,321)
       (i) Appropriations to
             statutory surplus
             reserve                50         –            –            –          –              –           –       8,867            –          (8,867)          –         –           –            –            –            –
       (ii) Appropriations to
             regulatory general
             reserve                51         –            –            –          –              –           –           –        7,931          (7,931)          –         –           –            –            –            –
       (iii) Dividends declared
             and paid for the
             year 2019                         –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –               –     (30,264)        –     (30,264)           –         (172)     (30,436)
       (iv) Distribution to
             perpetual capital
             instruments            62         –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –               –           –         –           –        (234)            –         (234)
       (v) Proposed dividends
             for the year 2020                 –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –      (31,601)        31,601         –           –            –            –            –
       (vi) Dividends paid for
             preference shares                 –            –            –          –              –           –           –            –          (1,651)          –         –      (1,651)           –            –       (1,651)
  (e) Transfers within equity
       upon disposal of equity
       Instruments designated
       at FVTOCI                               –            –            –          –            (26)          –           –            –             26            –         –           –            –            –            –

At 31 December 2020                       25,220       34,065       49,989     67,523          8,207         (66)    71,158        98,082     338,664          31,601      (693)   723,750         3,753        2,851      730,354

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
168   China Merchants Bank                                        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020


                                                                                                                                                             2019

                                                                                                               Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                               Non-controlling interests

                                                                              Other equity
                                                                              instruments

                                                                                                       Investment                              Regulatory                         Proposed                           Perpetual          Non-
                                                                     Share     Preference    Capital revaluation     Hedging       Surplus        general     Retained               profit   Exchange                   debt     controlling
                                                          Notes     capital        shares    reserve      reserve     reserve      reserve        reserve        profits     appropriations     reserve   Subtotal     capital      interests      Total

      At 1 January 2019                                            25,220         34,065     67,523        5,532           63      53,682         78,542       250,654              23,707       1,130    540,118       1,158          2,329     543,605

      Changes in equity for the year                                     –              –         –        3,387         (102)       8,609        11,609        40,692               6,557         431     71,183       2,821             98      74,102

        (a) Net profit for the year                                      –              –         –            –            –            –              –       92,867                   –           –     92,867         153            403      93,423
        (b) Other comprehensive income for the year         16           –              –         –        3,364         (102)           –              –                –               –         431      3,693          60              6       3,759

      Total comprehensive income for the year                            –              –         –        3,364         (102)           –              –       92,867                   –         431     96,560         213            409      97,182

        (c) Capital contribution from equity holders                     –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –               –           –          –       2,761           (168)      2,593
             (i) Non-controlling shareholders’
                 contribution to non-wholly owned
                 subsidiaries                                            –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –               –           –          –           –              2           2
             (ii) Decrease in non-controlling interests                  –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –               –           –          –           –           (170)       (170)
             (iii) Issue of perpetual debt capital                       –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –               –           –          –       2,761              –       2,761
        (d) Profit appropriations                                        –              –         –            –            –        8,609        11,609       (52,152)              6,557           –    (25,377)       (153)          (143)    (25,673)
             (i) Appropriations to statutory surplus
                 reserve                                    50           –              –         –            –            –        8,609              –       (8,609)                  –           –          –           –              –           –
             (ii) Appropriations to regulatory general
                 reserve                                    51           –              –         –            –            –            –        11,609       (11,609)                  –           –          –           –              –           –
             (iii) Dividends declared and paid for the
                 year 2018                                               –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –         (23,707)          –    (23,707)          –           (143)    (23,850)
             (iv) Distribution to perpetual capital
                 instruments                                             –              –         –            –            –            –              –                –               –           –          –        (153)             –        (153)
             (v) Proposed dividends for the year
                 2019                                                    –              –         –            –            –            –              –      (30,264)             30,264           –          –           –              –           –
             (vi) Dividends paid for preference shares                   –              –         –            –            –            –              –       (1,670)                  –           –     (1,670)          –              –      (1,670)
        (e) Transfers within equity upon disposal of
             equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI                     –              –         –           23            –            –              –           (23)                 –           –          –           –              –           –

      At 31 December 2019                                          25,220         34,065     67,523        8,919          (39)     62,291         90,151       291,346              30,264       1,561    611,301       3,979          2,427     617,707

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                         169
Annual Report 2020



Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                2020        2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                            122,440     117,132
Adjustments for:
  – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                    46,882      54,214
  – Impairment losses on investments and other assets                          18,143       6,945
  – Unwind of discount                                                           (186)       (286)
  – Depreciation of properties and equipment and investment properties          7,715       6,379
  – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         4,416       4,364
  – Amortisation of other assets                                                1,364       1,063
  – Net gain on debt securities and equity investments                         (7,208)       (867)
  – Interest income on investments                                            (51,843)    (48,902)
  – Interest expense on issued debt securities                                 14,652      17,631
  – Share of profits of associates                                               (489)        (37)
  – Share of profits of joint ventures                                         (2,392)     (1,686)
  – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets            (44)       (382)
  – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                         596         557

Changes in:
Balances with central banks                                                  (23,480)     (36,397)
Loans and advances to customers                                             (649,434)    (509,737)
Other assets                                                                 (45,118)      (5,200)
Deposits from customers                                                      783,914      443,748
Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions          223,568       32,183
Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions with
  original maturity over 3 months                                              (8,766)      5,917
Borrowing from central banks                                                  (26,909)    (43,625)
Other liabilities                                                              45,151      (4,593)
Cash generated from operating activities before tax                          452,972      38,421
Income tax paid                                                               (31,644)    (33,989)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                 421,328        4,432
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of investments                                    (1,385,212)   (903,854)
Proceeds from the disposal of investments                                   1,104,070     802,970
Investments and net gains received from investments                            58,038      49,221
Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture         (1,460)        (46)
Payment for the purchase of properties and equipment and other assets         (19,125)    (23,964)
Proceeds from the disposal of properties and equipment and other assets         2,354       5,063
Proceeds from the disposal of subsidiaries, associates, joint venture             582          39
Net cash used in investing activities                                       (240,753)     (70,571)

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
170   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020


                                                                                 Note       2020        2019
      Financing activities
      Proceeds from the issue of debt securities                                           33,606      70,607
      Proceeds from the issue of negotiable interbank certificates of deposits            213,011     455,128
      Proceeds from the issue of certificates of deposits                                  22,592      27,631
      Proceeds from the issue of perpetual debt capital                                    49,989       2,761
      Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders                                              218           –
      Proceeds from other financing activities                                             14,417       6,509
      Repayment of debt securities                                                        (45,486)    (22,363)
      Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposits                         (413,820)   (351,235)
      Repayment of certificates of deposit                                                (28,992)    (30,921)
      Repayment of lease liabilities                                                       (4,644)     (4,302)
      Payment for acquiring additional non-controlling equity                                   –        (170)
      Dividends paid                                                                      (32,321)    (25,673)
      Interest paid on financing activities                                               (19,490)    (17,337)
      Payment for other financing activities                                                 (867)       (185)
      Net cash (used in) generated from financing activities                             (211,787)   110,450
      Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                               (31,212)     44,311
      Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                          589,675     543,683
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (5,673)      1,681
      Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                                55(a)   552,790     589,675
      Cash flows from operating activities include:
      Interest received                                                                  255,854     243,249
      Interest paid                                                                      100,925     101,258

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                         171
Annual Report 2020



Notes to the Financial Consolidated Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


1.       Organisation and principal activities
(1)      Organisation
         China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
         of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
         the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002.
         On 22 September 2006, the Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited (the “HKEx”).
         As at 31 December 2020, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the Mainland China, Hong
         Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has three representative offices
         in Beijing, New York and Taipei.



(2)      Principal activities
         The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
         services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
(1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
         Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
         and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
         also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKEx.



(2)      Basis of measurement
         The Bank’s functional currency is Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated, the consolidated financial statements
         are presented in RMB, rounded to the nearest million.
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial
         instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained
         in the accounting policies below.
         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
         between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
         estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
         into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
         account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
         purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
         transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
         of IFRS 16 Lease , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
         realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
172   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      2.    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
      (2)   Basis of measurement (continued)
            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
            the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
            the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
            Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
            access at the measurement date;
            Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
            liability, either directly or indirectly; and
            Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
            The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
            estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
            income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
            other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
            making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
            sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
            recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
            the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
            Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
            financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future period are discussed in
            Note 5.



      3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs
            New and revised IFRSs effective in the current period applied by the Group
            Amendments to IFRS 3                                 Definition of a Business
            Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                        Definition of Material
            Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
            The application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards and the
            amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
            performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in the consolidated financial
            statements.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                     173
Annual Report 2020



3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
      Standards and amendments that are not yet effective and have not been
      adopted by the Group
                                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                               annual period
                                                                                               beginning on or after
      Amendments to IFRS 16                Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions                   1 June 2020

      Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase2             1 January 2021
       IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

      Amendments to IFRS 3                 Reference to the Conceptual Framework               1 January 2022

      Amendments to IAS 16                 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before      1 January 2022
                                             Intended Use

      Amendments to IAS 37                 Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract   1 January 2022

      Amendments to IFRS Standards         Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards               1 January 2022
                                             2018-2020

      IFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments      1 January 2023

      Amendments to IAS 1                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or         1 January 2023
                                             Non-current

      Amendments to IAS 1 and              Disclosure of Accounting Policies                   1 January 2023
       IFRS Practice Statement 2

      Amendments to IAS 8                  Definition of Accounting Estimates                  1 January 2023

      Amendments to IFRS10 and IAS 28      Sale or Contribution of Assets between              the date to be
                                             an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture      determined


      Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the Directors of the Group anticipate that the
      application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
      statements in the foreseeable future.
174   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      3.    Application of new and amendments to IFRSs (continued)
            Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate
            Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
            Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 relate to the
            modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities, specific hedge accounting requirements
            and disclosure requirements applying IFRS 7 to accompany the amendments regarding modifications and hedge
            accounting.
            •      Modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities. A practical expedient is introduced
                   for modifications required by the reform (modifications required as a direct consequence of the interest
                   rate benchmark reform and made on an economically equivalent basis). These modifications are accounted
                   for by updating the effective interest rate. All other modifications are accounted for using the current IFRSs
                   requirements. A similar practical expedient is proposed for lessee accounting applying IFRS 16;
            •      Hedge accounting requirements. Under the amendments, hedge accounting is not discontinued solely
                   because of the interest rate benchmark reform. Hedging relationships (and related documentation) are
                   required to be amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, hedging instrument and hedged risk.
                   Amended hedging relationships should meet all qualifying criteria to apply hedge accounting, including
                   effectiveness requirements; and
            •      Disclosures. The amendments require disclosures in order to allow users to understand the nature and extent
                   of risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform to which the Group is exposed to and how the
                   entity manages those risks as well as the entity’s progress in transitioning from interbank offered rates to
                   alternative benchmark rates, and how the entity is managing this transition.
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group has USD12,933 million (RMB84,579 million) financial instruments linked to
            London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) that will be subject to IBOR reform, which are mainly secured bank loans,
            debt securities and financial derivatives. The Group expects that the interest rate benchmark for these financial
            instruments will be changed to Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) or Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)
            in 2021 and that no significant modification gain or loss will arise as a result of applying the amendments to these
            changes. The Group will apply the amendments from 1 January 2021. The application of the amendments has no
            impact on prior periods.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                 175
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies
(1)   Business combination
      Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
      by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
      with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
      the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
      An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
      commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
      arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
      in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
      in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
      result in the group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
      of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
      consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the shareholders of
      the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the net
      profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity holders
      of the Bank.
      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
      transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
      consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
      or loss is recognised.
      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
      subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
      subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
      on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
      investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


      Business combinations or asset acquisitions
      Optional concentration test
      Effective from 1 January 2020, the Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a
      transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and
      assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
      is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment
      exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax
      liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no
      further assessment is needed.


      Asset acquisitions
      When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
      and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
      first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
      is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
      purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.
176   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (1)   Business combination (continued)
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combination
            Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
            business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
            the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
            the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
            At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
            contingent liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
            assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS
            12 – Income Taxes and IAS 19 – Employee Benefits, respectively.
            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration transferred, the fair value of
            any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) and (ii) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent
            liabilities incurred or assumed as at acquisition date.
            Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
            proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are accounted for at either fair value or the
            non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
            The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.



      (2)   Joint ventures
            A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, where by the Group has rights to the net
            assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
            Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
            about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
            When judge whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
            –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
            –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                   parties sharing control.
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
            year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
            ventures.
            Interests in the joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost,
            which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
            Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the joint ventures, until the date on which
            significant influence or joint control ceases.
            Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
            of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
            Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’
            net assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
            of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
            consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
            impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
            and 4(11)).
            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
            recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
            obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
            ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
            substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                               177
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(2)   Joint ventures (continued)
      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
      to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
      impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
      When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and no significant impact occurs, it is accounted
      for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss.
      Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this
      amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).



(3)   Associates
      Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control, including
      participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
      Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is
      not control or joint control of those policies.
      When judging whether there is a significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
      –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
      –      participation in policy-making processes;
      –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method. Under
      the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the
      acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
      Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
      assets. Any excess of the group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
      of the investments, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired. The
      consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year, including
      any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
      and 4(11)).
      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
      recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
      obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
      is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
      form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
      extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
      of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
      entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
      former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
      as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
178   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (4)   Goodwill
            Goodwill represents the excess of
            (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
                   based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
                   held equity interest in the acquiree; over
            (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
            When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
            purchase.
            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
            to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 4(11)).
            On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
            of the profit or loss on disposal.



      (5)   Financial instruments
            Initial recognition
            A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
            equity instrument of another enterprise.
            All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
            established by regulation or convention in the market place.
            At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
            receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
            Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities
            (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
            the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
            directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
            recognised immediately in profit or loss.
            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
            and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
            that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
            that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
            the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net
            carrying amount on initial recognition.


            Classification and measurement of financial assets
            The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
            assets at amortised cost; financial assets fair value through other comprehensive income; and financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss.
            Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
            •      the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                   of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                            179
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
      comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
      •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
              cash flows and selling; and
      •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
              of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
      the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
      subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
      income (“OCI”).
      A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
      •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
              together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
      •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
      as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


      Amortised cost and interest income
      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
      amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated
      by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
      that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
      the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
      asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
      carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
      the asset is no longer credit impaired.


      Debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified as at FVTOCI
      Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments and loans and advances to customers classified
      as at FVTOCI as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains
      and losses are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation
      reserve. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing
      the carrying amounts of debt instruments and loan and advances to customers. The amounts that are recognised
      in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt instruments
      and loan and advances to customers had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments and loan
      and advances to customers are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in investment
      revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.
180   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
            Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
            At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an
            instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as
            at FVTOCI. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
            Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
            in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
            cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
            transferred to retained profits.
            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
            to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
            investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


            Financial assets at FVTPL
            Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
            FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
            period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
            loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other net income” line
            item.


            Impairment under ECL model
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which are
            subject to impairment under IFRS 9 (including financial assets at amortised cost, debt instruments assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive income), leases receivable, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts etc.
            The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.
            The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
            months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
            events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
            to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
            as well as the forecast of future conditions.
            For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased
            significantly since initial recognition is performed at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to
            recognize lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the
            initial recognition, the Group makes provision for credit losses according 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant
            increase in credit risk, the group makes provision for the credit losses in accordance with the ECL for the entire
            duration.


            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
            the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
            quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
            has increased significantly are detailed in Note 60(a).
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                     181
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Impairment under ECL model (continued)
      Credit-impaired financial assets
      The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
      management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
      when its 5-tier loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


      Measurement and recognition of ECL
      ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. Measurement of
      ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
      Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
      accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
      interest rate determined at initial recognition.
      For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
      measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases.
      For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
      debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
      the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
      that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
      For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
      are due to the Group:
      •       if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
      •       the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
      For investments in debt instruments and loans and advances to customers that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss
      allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying
      amounts of these financial assets. The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is
      recognised in profit or loss and accumulated in provision. The loss allowance for other financial assets which are
      subject to impairment under IFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.


      Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at FVTPL
      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading or (ii) it is designated as
      at FVTPL.
      A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
      •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
              together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
      •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
              hedging instrument.
182   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
            A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
            recognition if:
            •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                   otherwise arise; or
            •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
                   and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
                   management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis.
            •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
                   combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Financial liabilities including borrowing from central banks, deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
            placements from banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from
            customers are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


            Hedge accounting
            The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedge. The Group documents
            the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective
            and strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship, The Group also requires
            documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
            are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items attributable
            to the hedged risks.
            For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly probable, the
            Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-contractually
            specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.


            Cash flow hedge
            The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
            hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
            loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            For the purpose of reclassifying the amount of gains and losses accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve in order
            to determine whether the hedged future cash flows are expected to occur, the Group assumes the interest rate
            benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as
            a result of interest rate benchmark reform.
            For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
            hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods during which the hedged cash
            flow affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
            criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
            transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
            no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                           183
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Hedge accounting (continued)
      Hedge effectiveness testing
      The Group has elected to adopt the new general hedge accounting in IFRS 9. This requires the Group to ensure that
      hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy and to apply a more
      qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
      For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
      changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
      relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
      •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
      •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
             and
      •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
             item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
             to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
      If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
      risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
      ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
      In assessing the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, the Group assumes
      that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and/or the hedged risk (contractually or
      non-contractually specified) are based, or the interest rate benchmark on which the cash flows of the hedging
      instrument are based, is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.


      Specific items
      Cash equivalents
      Cash equivalents comprise balances with banks and the central bank, and short-term, highly liquid investments
      that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
      value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition.


      Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      Banks represent other banks approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other financial
      institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing companies
      which are registered with and under the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
      (the “CBIRC”) and securities firms and investment fund companies, etc. which are registered with and under the
      supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions are
      measured at amortised cost.


      Resale and repurchase agreements
      Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
      resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
      “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

      The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
      over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
      (as appropriate).
184   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Specific items (continued)
            Investments
            Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
            fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
            fair value option.


            Loans and advances to customers
            Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
            loans and advances to customers.
            Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances customers at fair value through profit or loss
            (loans and advances customers at FVTPL), loans and advances customers at amortised cost, loans and advances
            customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances customers at FVTOCI) in
            accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value option.


            Derivative financial instruments
            The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
            option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own asset and liability management
            purposes. The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks to hedge against risks arising from derivative
            transactions undertaken for customers.
            Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value, with gains and losses arising recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss other than cash flow hedge, for cash flow hedge, the gains and losses arising from the
            effective hedging part recognised in other comprehensive income.


            Embedded derivatives
            Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are not
            separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised
            cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial
            assets within the scope of IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative,
            their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are
            not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are measured at fair value, with all changes in fair
            value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship. Separated
            embedded derivatives are presented in the statement of financial position together with the host contract.


            Equity instruments
            The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
            shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
            instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
            Perpetual debt capitals: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual debt capitals issued or their
            components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
            substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                               185
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)   Financial instruments (continued)
      Specific items (continued)
      Equity instruments (continued)
      A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
      (i)    The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
             another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
             are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
      (ii)   If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
             instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
             equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
             or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
      Perpetual debt capitals issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on
      the actual amount received. Any distribution of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit
      appropriation. When the perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redemption price is charged to equity.
      Preference shares: At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
      as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
      considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
      The Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions and other transaction costs
      of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as profit
      distribution at the time of declaration.


      Derecognition of financial instruments
      (a)    Financial Assets
             A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
             is derecognised when:
             –         the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
             –         the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
             –         has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                       in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                       Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or
                       the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                       the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
             Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
             to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
             transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
             asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
             Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
             lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
             could be required to repay.
             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
             financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
             Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
186   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
            (b)    Securitisation
                   As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises financial assets, generally through the sale of these
                   assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
                   be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
                   When applying the policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree of
                   transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised by the
                   Group over the transferred financial assets:
                   –         when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                             the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;


                   –         when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                             the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and


                   –         when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                             of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                             assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                             separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                             Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                             continuing involvement in the financial assets.
                   When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
                   not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
                   When the securitisation results in derecognisation or partial derecognisation of financial assets, the Group
                   allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
                   and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses on
                   securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
                   of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
                   be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.


            (c)    Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                   The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
                   substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
                   substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not
                   derecognise the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset
                   at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will
                   derecognise the financial asset.


            (d)    Financial liabilities
                   A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expired.


            Offsetting financial instruments
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when
            there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis
            or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                           187
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(6)   Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
      Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
      impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where the fair value
      of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of the lease and
      the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
      Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over their following
      estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:
      Land and buildings                                                                                            20 years

      Investment properties                                                                                         20 years

      Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

      Leasehold improvements (leasing property)                                                                      3 years

      Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                 the estimated useful lives

      Aircrafts, vessels and professional equipment                                                  no more than 25 years

      Motor vehicles and others                                                                                  3 – 5 years
      Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
      comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
      of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
      in progress.
      Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
      probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
      expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
      Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
      between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment, investment property and
      are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



(7)   Repossessed assets
      In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
      court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly
      realisation of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrowers, repossessed
      assets except the equity instrument are reported in “other assets”.
      Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in Note 4(5).
188   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (8)   Intangible assets
            Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
            impairment losses (see Note 4(11)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or
            loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
            Land use rights are stated at cost, amortised on a straight-line basis over the respective lease periods.
            Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
            intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of reporting period.
            The amortization period of intangible assets is as follow:
            Land use right                             Software and Others                     Core deposit
            30~50 years                                2~20 years                              28 years


            Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.



      (9)   Leases
            Definition of a lease
            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
            period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
            the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms
            and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


            As a lessee
            (a)    Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                   For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
                   the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
                   stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


            (b)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                   The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
                   arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
                   do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is below equivalent to
                   RMB35,000).
                   Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
                   line basis over the lease term.


            (c)    Right-of-use assets
                   The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                   The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
                   •         the amount of the initial measurement lease liability; and
                   •         any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                             and
                   •         any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                   •         whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                             site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                             conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37. The costs are included
                             in the related right-of-use asset, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                             189
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(9)   Leases (continued)
      As a lessee (continued)
      (c)    Right-of-use assets (continued)
             After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
             less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.
             The Group recognises the depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line
             basis and calculate the depreciation charge into the operating expenses of the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the
             underlying asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset
             reflects that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated
             over the useful life of the underlying assets.
             Accounting policies for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(11).


      (d)    Leasehold land and building
             For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
             property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
             reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
             for as investment properties.


      (e)    Lease liabilities
             The lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
             The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
             commencement date using its incremental borrowing rate.
             Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
             •         Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
             •         Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                       the commencement date;
             •         The exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
             •         Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                       terminate the lease; and
             •         The amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
             The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the
             lease liability (using the effective interest method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease
             payments made the Group remeasures the lease liability and makes a corresponding adjustment to the
             related right-of-use asset whenever:
             •         The lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
                       in which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                       revised discount rate.
             •         The lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                       under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                       the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                       from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                       changes in the interest rate.
190   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)   Leases (continued)
            As a lessor
            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
            transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
            All other leases are classified as operating leases.
            Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
            in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
            income under finance leases are amortised using an effective interest rate method over the lease term. Accounting
            policies for Impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).
            When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating leases is recognised in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. Initial direct costs
            incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
            in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
            profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.
            When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
            under the contract to each component. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of
            their relative stand-alone selling prices.


            Sale and leaseback transactions
            The Group acts as a buyer-lessor
            For a transfer of asset that does not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of asset, the
            Group as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises loan and advance to customers
            equal to the transfer proceeds within the scope IFRS 9.



      (10) Insurance contracts
            Insurance contracts classification
            Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant insurance risk, relative to an
            insured event or occurrence. When necessary, the Group enters into reinsurance contracts to transfer insurance risks
            to reinsurer. A significant insurance risk test is performed at inception of the insurance contracts.


            Insurance income recognition
            Premiums from long-term life insurance contracts are recognized as revenue when due from policy holders.
            Premiums related to short-term non-life insurance contracts are recognized when received at the inception of the
            policy, as unearned insurance premiums in the consolidated statement of financial position, and are amortized
            on a straight-line basis into the consolidated income statement over the term of the policy. When the Group has
            transferred insurance risk through reinsurance contracts, the Group calculates the amount of premium ceded and
            the reinsurers’ share of expenses and recognizes them through the consolidated income statement in accordance
            with the terms of the reinsurance contracts.


            Insurance contract liabilities
            Insurance contract liabilities are measured based on a reasonable estimate of the amount of payments that
            the Group will be required to make to fulfil its obligations under the insurance contracts, which represents the
            difference between expected future cash outflows and inflows related to such contracts. A reasonable estimate of
            expected future net cash flows is determined based on information currently available as at the end of the reporting
            period.
            The Group has considered the impact of time value in the liability calculation for long-term life insurance. The
            Group performs liability adequacy tests based on information currently available, as at the reporting date. Additional
            insurance contract liabilities should be recorded if any deficiency exists.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                                191
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(11) Impairment on tangible, intangible assets other than impairment under ECL
     model
      The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under ECL model is reviewed
      periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the carrying amount, including
      property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, interest in joint ventures,
      interest in associates, goodwill and other non-current assets. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount
      is reduced to the recoverable amount. The amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss. The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present
      value of future expected cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
      present values.
      Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify indications
      that other assets may be impaired.
      If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
      that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
      estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


      –      Calculation of recoverable amount
             The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value net disposal
             expense and the present value of future cash flow. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
             are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
             of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
             largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group
             of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


      –      Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
             amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
             Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
             amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
             carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
             if determinable.



(12) Precious metals
      Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and
      subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals that are related to the Group’s
      trading activities are initially recognized at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from re-measurement
      recognized directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
192   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (13) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
            Financial guarantees issued
            Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
            reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor
            fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial
            guarantees issued is confirmed in the statement of financial position in accordance with Note 4(5).


            Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
            obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
            required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
            provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits
            is remote.



      (14) Income recognition
            Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
            increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


            Net Interest income
            Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
            “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
            on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
            is recognized in “Other net income”.


            Dividend income
            Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the underlying investment is declared ex-dividend.
            Where the investments are unlisted, interim dividend income is recognised when declared by the Board of Directors
            of the investees. Final dividend income is recognised only when the amount proposed by the Board of Directors of
            the investees is approved by shareholders at general meetings.


            Rental income
            Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the
            straight-line method over the lease term.


            Premium income
            Premium income represents gross insurance premium written less reinsurance ceded, as adjusted for unearned
            premium. Gross premiums written are recognised at date of risk inception.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              193
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(14) Income recognition (continued)
      Fee and commission income
      Under IFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
      of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
      of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
      obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone
      selling price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
      The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
      at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
      to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
      techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
      consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
      to the customer.
      For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
      be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
      better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
      probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
      associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
      updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable
      consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and
      the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.
      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
      •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
             Group performs;
      •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;
             or
      •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
             an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
      service.
      If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognizes revenue in accordance with the progress towards
      complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
      obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
      of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
      promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
194   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (14) Income recognition (continued)
            Fee and commission income (continued)
            If a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, it is satisfied at a point in time. To determine the point in time
            at which a customer obtains control of a promised service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should
            also be considered; these include, but are not limited to:
            •      The Group has a present right to payment for the services;
            •      The Group has transferred physical possession of the service;
            •      The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the service;
            •      The customer has accepted the services.
            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
            nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
            principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service
            by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another
            party before that goods or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises
            revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the
            specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.
            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
            transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9. In
            contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is
            required before payment of that consideration is due.
            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
            has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



      (15) Taxation
            Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
            equity.
            Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
            enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
            the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
            Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. The amount of deferred tax provided is
            based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
            rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
            discounted.
            A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
            against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
            that the related tax benefit will be realised.
            The Group shall recognise a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except to the extent that both of the following conditions
            are satisfied: the parent, investor, joint venturer or joint operator is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
            temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                195
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(15) Taxation (continued)
      Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
      and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
      deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
      liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
      –      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
             the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
      –      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
             authority on either:
             –         the same taxable entity; or
             –         different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                       liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                       settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



(16) Foreign currencies translations
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
      entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
      transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
      at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
      currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary
      items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
      Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
      Exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to the effective portion of the hedge certain foreign
      currency risks.
      Exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
      neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are
      recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on repayment of the
      monetary items.
      For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
      foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
      period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
      fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
      Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
      reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
      On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
      of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to profit or loss.
196   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (17) Employee benefits
            Salaries and staff welfare
            Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
            employees.


            Post employment benefits
            The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
            provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
            jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
            The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
            the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
            and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
            The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
            credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
            the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds form the plan or reductions in
            future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits consideration is given to any
            applicable minimum funding requirements.
            Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
            assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
            in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
            liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
            beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
            in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
            interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss.
            When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
            past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
            and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


            Share-based payment
            The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
            Senior Management (“the Scheme”), which is settled by cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured at
            the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the price of the share. The
            Group recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability,
            at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end
            of each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value
            of the liability at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in
            profit or loss for the period.
            The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
            condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                197
Annual Report 2020



4.    Principal accounting policies (continued)
(18) Related parties
      For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
      the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the
      party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to
      control, common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key
      management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include
      entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals,
      and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a
      related party of the Group.



(19) Segmental reporting
      Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
      identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
      the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
      geographical locations Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
      unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
      services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
      products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
      individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



(20) Fiduciary activities
      The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
      and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
      financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
      commission.



(21) Dividends or profit distributions
      Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.
198   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements
            In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
            of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
            assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
            historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
            and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
            policies.



      (1)   Control over structured entity
            Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgment on whether it is the
            principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
            When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among other things, the scope of
            its decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which
            it is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
            variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



      (2)   Classification of financial assets
            Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI
            and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
            financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes judgement
            reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and their performance
            measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed and how the managers of
            the assets are compensated.



      (3)   De-recognition of financial assets transferred
            In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
            including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
            Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which qualify for a
            full de-recognition.
            Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
            Group analyzes whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
            that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these structured
            entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated
            level or at the entity level from which the financial assets are transferred.
            The Group analyzes the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
            the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
            •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
                   qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties.
            •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
                   Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before and after
                   the transfers and other factors that effect the outcomes of Group’s assessment on the extent that risks and
                   rewards are transferred.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                              199
Annual Report 2020



5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(4)   Impairment under ECL model
      •      Significant increase of credit risk: ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1
             assets, or lifetime ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk
             has increased significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has
             significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable
             forward looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.
      •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
             basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)
             for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
             credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
             in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
             assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
             reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to lifetime
             ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue
             to be measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the
             credit risk of the portfolios differ.
      •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement
             is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the
             assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. See Note
             60(a)(iii)for more details on ECL.
      •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward
             looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
             and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.
      •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
             of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
             expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii)for more details.
      •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
             between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
             account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.
      •      Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, there is higher risk that a prolonged
             pandemic could led to increased credit default rates. The Group considered the impact of Covid-19 in the
             ECL model which are disclosed in Note 60(a)(iv).
200   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      5.    Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (5)   Fair value of financial instruments
            For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
            instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
            market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments and discounted cash flow analysis and
            option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed
            by qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the area that constructed the
            valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to
            ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make the maximum
            use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be noted that
            some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates. Whilst the
            Group considers these valuations are the best estimates, the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic has resulted in greater
            market volatility and may cause further disruptions to the investees’/issuer’s businesses, which have led to higher
            degree of uncertainties in respect of the valuations in the current year. Management estimates and assumptions are
            reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is measured using third party information such
            as brokerage quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate the evidence obtained from third parties to
            support the conclusion.



      (6)   Income taxes
            Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group
            carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment of
            such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets
            are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets can
            only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
            unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable
            profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it
            becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.



      (7)   Impairment of goodwill
            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
            that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the groups to
            which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make an estimate of
            the expected future cash flows from groups and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
            present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts
            and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a
            material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise. Furthermore, the estimated cash flows and discount
            rate are subject to higher degree of estimation uncertainties in the current year due to uncertainty on how the
            Covid-19 pandemic may progress and evolve and volatility in financial markets.
China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    201
Annual Report 2020



6.    Interest income
                                                                                                                     2020                        2019
      Loans and advances to customers                                                                            236,104                     221,979
        – Corporate loans                                                                                         80,575                      78,914
        – Retail loans                                                                                           147,704                     134,763
        – Discounted bills                                                                                         7,825                       8,302
      Balances with central banks                                                                                  7,475                       7,759
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                         1,695                       1,882
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                       5,906                       8,170
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                         4,402                       4,302
      Investments                                                                                                 51,843                      48,902
        – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                              14,023                      13,821
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                      37,820                      35,081
      Total                                                                                                      307,425                     292,994

      Note:   The Group recognized RMB186 million interest income on impaired loans and advances to customers (2019: RMB286 million), nil interest
              income on impaired debt securities investments (2019: RMB5 million), and RMB9,175 million on loans and advances to customers at fair value
              through other comprehensive income (2019: RMB9,577 million).




7.    Interest expense
                                                                                                                     2020                        2019
      Deposits from customers                                                                                      83,252                      73,430
      Borrowing from central banks                                                                                  8,413                       9,207
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                          9,961                      10,269
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                        3,750                       6,406
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                      1,770                       2,404
      Debt securities issued                                                                                       14,652                      17,631
      Lease liabilities                                                                                               596                         557
      Total                                                                                                      122,394                     119,904




8.    Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                     2020                        2019
      Bank cards fees                                                                                              19,551                      19,551
      Remittance and settlement fees                                                                               12,651                      11,492
      Agency services fees                                                                                         18,507                      13,681
      Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                       6,191                       6,310
      Commissions on trust and fiduciary activities                                                                26,742                      23,560
      Others                                                                                                        3,042                       4,453
      Total                                                                                                        86,684                      79,047
202   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      9.    Other net income
                                                                                                                                    2020              2019
            (Loss)/profit from fair value change                                                                               (1,660)                 384
              – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                                     (2,099)               1,112
              – derivatives instruments                                                                                            48                 (255)
              – precious metals                                                                                                   391                 (473)
            Investment income                                                                                                  16,281               14,048
              – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                                 13,400               11,030
              – (loss)/gain on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                                    (273)                 146
              – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                                  2,970                2,457
                 – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                          1,660                1,941
              – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                                      175                  170
              – others                                                                                                              9                  245
            Foreign exchange gain                                                                                               2,202                3,259
            Other income                                                                                                        5,708                4,870
              – rental income                                                                                                   5,278                4,488
              – insurance income                                                                                                  430                  382
            Others                                                                                                                350                  921
            Total                                                                                                              22,881               23,482




      10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                                    2020              2019
            Staff costs
              – Salaries and bonuses (note (i))                                                                                43,257               37,267
              – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                           6,048                6,470
              – Others                                                                                                          7,735                7,702
            Subtotal                                                                                                           57,040               51,439
            Tax and surcharges                                                                                                  2,478                2,348
            Depreciation of property, equipment and investment properties                                                       7,715                6,379
            Amortization of intangible assets                                                                                   1,188                1,014
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                 4,416                4,364
            Short-term leases expenses and leases of low-value assets expenses                                                    292                  302
            Charge for insurance claims                                                                                           296                  245
            Other general and administrative expenses (note (ii))                                                              29,389               25,406
            Total                                                                                                            102,814                91,497

            Notes:

            (i)      Performance bonus is included in the salaries and bonuses, the details of which are disclosed in Note 39(a).

            (ii)     Auditors’ remuneration amounted to RMB28 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB24 million), is included in other general
                     and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                      203
Annual Report 2020



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
      The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year are as follows:
                                                                                2020
                                                                  Salaries,
                                                               allowances                  Retirement
                                               Directors’     and benefits Discretionary       scheme
                                                    fees           in kind       bonuses contributions          Total
                                                RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                      (i)
      Executive directors
      Tian Huiyu                                          –         4,158               –             40        4,198
      Liu Jianjun                                         –         3,024               –             43        3,067
      Wang Liang                                          –         3,024               –             40        3,064
      Subtotal                                            –        10,206               –            123       10,329
      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
      affairs of the Bank and the Group.
      Non-executive directors
      Miao Jianmin (ii)                               –                –               –               –             –
      Fu Gangfeng                                     –                –               –               –             –
      Zhou Song                                       –                –               –               –             –
      Hong Xiaoyuan                                   –                –               –               –             –
      Zhang Jian                                      –                –               –               –             –
      Su Min                                          –                –               –               –             –
      Wang Daxiong                                    –                –               –               –             –
      Luo Sheng                                       –                –               –               –             –
      Subtotal                                            –             –               –               –           –
      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
      Independent non-executive
         directors and supervisors
      Leung Kam Chung, Antony                       500               –                 –               –         500
      Zhao Jun                                      500               –                 –               –         500
      Wong See Hong                                 500               –                 –               –         500
      Li Menggang                                   500               –                 –               –         500
      Liu Qiao                                      500               –                 –               –         500
      Tian Hongqi                                   500               –                 –               –         500
      Liu Yuan                                        –          3,402                  –              43       3,445
      Peng Bihong                                     –               –                 –               –           –
      Wen Jianguo                                     –               –                 –               –           –
      Wu Heng                                         –               –                 –               –           –
      Ding Huiping                                  400               –                 –               –         400
      Han Zirong                                    400               –                 –               –         400
      Xu Zhengjun                                   400               –                 –               –         400
      Wang Wanqing                                    –          2,742                  –              43       2,785
      Liu Xiaoming                                    –          1,996                  –              43       2,039
      Subtotal                                        4,200         8,140               –            129       12,469
      The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
      employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
204   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                 2020
                                                                                          Salaries,
                                                                                       allowances                  Retirement
                                                                    Directors’        and benefits Discretionary       scheme
                                                                         fees              in kind       bonuses contributions                                 Total
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000                                 RMB’000
                                                                                                              (i)
            Former Executive, non-executive
               directors and supervisors
            Li Jianhong (iii)                                                    –                     –                    –                     –                     –
            Subtotal                                                             –                     –                    –                     –                     –
            The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors or supervisors of the Bank.
            Total                                         4,200         18,346              –           252           22,798

            Notes:

            (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                     remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

            (ii)     In September 2020, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, Mr. Miao
                     Jianmin was elected as the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company, whose qualifications as the Director and the Chairman were
                     approved by the CBIRC on 24 September 2020.

            (iii)    In September 2020, Mr. Li Jianhong ceased to be the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company due to change of work
                     arrangement.

            (iv)     As at 31 December 2020, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                     Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                       205
Annual Report 2020



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                  2019
                                                                  Salaries,
                                                               allowances                        Retirement
                                                Directors’    and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                      fees         in kind         bonuses     contributions      Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                         (i)
      Executive directors
      Tian Huiyu                                          –         4,620            1,766               38      6,424
      Liu Jianjun (ii)                                    –         3,360            1,284               38      4,682
      Wang Liang (ii)                                     –         3,360            1,284               38      4,682
      Subtotal                                            –        11,340            4,334              114     15,788
      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
      affairs of the Bank and the Group.
      Non-executive directors
      Li Jianhong                                     –                –               –               –             –
      Fu Gangfeng                                     –                –               –               –             –
      Zhou Song                                       –                –               –               –             –
      Hong Xiaoyuan                                   –                –               –               –             –
      Zhang Jian                                      –                –               –               –             –
      Su Min                                          –                –               –               –             –
      Wang Daxiong                                    –                –               –               –             –
      Luo Sheng (iii)                                 –                –               –               –             –
      Subtotal                                            –              –                –               –           –
      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.
      Independent non-executive
         directors and supervisors
      Leung Kam Chung, Antony                       500               –                 –               –          500
      Zhao Jun                                      500               –                 –               –          500
      Wong See Hong                                 500               –                 –               –          500
      Li Menggang                                   500               –                 –               –          500
      Liu Qiao                                      500               –                 –               –          500
      Tian Hongqi (iv)                              203               –                 –               –          203
      Liu Yuan                                        –          3,780             1,445               38        5,263
      Peng Bihong (v)                                 –               –                 –               –            –
      Wen Jianguo                                     –               –                 –               –            –
      Wu Heng                                         –               –                 –               –            –
      Ding Huiping                                  400               –                 –               –          400
      Han Zirong                                    400               –                 –               –          400
      Xu Zhengjun (vi)                              200               –                 –               –          200
      Wang Wanqing                                    –          2,868                  –              38        2,906
      Liu Xiaoming (vii)                              –          1,395                  –              23        1,418
      Subtotal                                        3,703         8,043            1,445               99     13,290
      The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
      employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
206   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                          Salaries,
                                                                                       allowances                               Retirement
                                                                    Directors’        and benefits           Discretionary          scheme
                                                                          fees             in kind                bonuses     contributions                 Total
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (i)
            Former Executive, non-executive
               directors and supervisors
            Li Hao (viii)                                                     –                1,400                    427                 12               1,839
            Sun Yueying (ix)                                                  –                    –                      –                  –                   –
            Pan Chengwei (iv)                                               297                    –                      –                  –                 297
            Fu Junyuan (x)                                                    –                    –                      –                  –                   –
            Jin Qingjun (xi)                                                200                    –                      –                  –                 200
            Huang Dan (xii)                                                   –                  718                      –                 18                 736
            Subtotal                                                        497                2,118                    427                 30               3,072
            The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors or supervisors of the Bank.
            Total                                          4,200         21,501          6,206           243            32,150

            Notes:

            (i)      On 29 September 2020, the Board of Directors approved the discretionary bonuses of the Bank’s directors, supervisors and executive officers
                     for 2019. Disclosures relating to the directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2019 in Note 11, 12 & 61(h)
                     were adjusted correspondingly.

            (ii)     In June 2019, Mr. Liu Jianjun and Mr. Wang Liang were newly elected as the executive directors of the Bank, and their qualifications for the
                     post of directors were approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in August 2019.

            (iii)    In June 2019, Mr. Luo Sheng was elected as a non-executive director of the Bank, and his qualification for the post of director has been
                     approved by the CBRC in July 2019.

            (iv)     Mr. Tian Hongqi was newly elected as an independent non-executive director of the Bank. His qualification for the position of independent
                     director has been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in August 2019. At the same time, Mr. Pan Chengwei
                     will no longer be an independent non-executive director of the Bank at the end of his term of office.

            (v)      In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders of the Bank, Mr. Peng Bihong was newly
                     elected as the shareholder supervisor of the Bank.

            (vi)     In June 2019, according to the relevant resolutions of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders of the Bank, Mr. Xu Zhengjun was newly
                     elected as the external supervisor of the Bank, with the term of office effective from June 27, 2019.

            (vii)    In June 2019, according to the election results of the Bank’s staff congress, Mr. Liu Xiaoming was newly elected as the Bank’s staff supervisor,
                     with the term of office effective from June 27, 2019.

            (viii)   In April 2019, Mr. Li Hao retired and resigned as the executive director of the Bank.

            (ix)     In June 2019, Ms. Sun Yueying ceased to be a non-executive director of the Bank after the end of her term of office.

            (x)      In February 2019, Mr. Fu Junyuan resigned as the shareholder supervisor of the Bank for work reasons.

            (xi)     In June 2019, due to the expiration of his term of office, Mr. Jin Qingjun will no longer serve as the external supervisor of the Bank after the
                     end of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders.

            (xii)    In June 2019, due to the expiration of her term of office, Ms. Huang Dan will no longer serve as the employee supervisor of the Bank after the
                     end of the 2018 general meeting of shareholders.

            (xiii)   As at 31 December 2019, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights scheme to its senior management (“the Scheme”).
                     Details of the Scheme are set out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                         207
Annual Report 2020



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
      The number of the Directors and Supervisors whose emoluments are within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                              2020                  2019
      HKD
      0 – 500,000                                                                                14                   15
      500,001 – 1,000,000                                                                         6                    5
      1,500,001 – 2,000,000                                                                       –                    1
      2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                       1                    –
      3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                       1                    1
      3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                       2                    –
      4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                       1                    –
      4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                       1                    –
      5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                       –                    2
      5,500,001 – 6,000,000                                                                       –                    1
      7,000,001 – 7,500,000                                                                       –                    1
      Total                                                                                      26                   26

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are
      directors or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
      During the year ended 31 December 2020, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived
      or agreed to waive any remuneration.



12. Individuals with highest emoluments
      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2020, 4 (2019: 4) are directors
      or supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments are included in Note 11 above. The aggregate of the emoluments in
      respect of the five individuals during the year is as follows:
                                                                                              2020                  2019
      Salaries and other emoluments                                                         22,680                21,840
      Discretionary bonuses (Note 11(i))                                                         –                 8,347
      Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                 289                   228
      Total                                                                                 22,969                30,415

      The number of the five highest paid individuals whose emoluments fell within the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                              2020                  2019
      HKD
      3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                       5                    –
      4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                       1                    –
      4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                       1                    –
      5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                       –                    4
      5,500,001 – 6,000,000                                                                       –                    1
      7,000,001 – 7,500,000                                                                       –                    1

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the five highest paid individuals include seven persons in total, two of
      them are with the same emoluments and being the third highest paid individuals, three of them are with the same
      emoluments and being the forth highest paid individuals. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the five highest
      paid individuals include six persons in total as three of them are with the same emoluments and being the forth
      highest paid individuals.
208   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
            Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2020              2019
            Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
              outstanding at year end                                                                                               54                66
            Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by
             the Group outstanding during the year                                                                                  59                71




      14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                                 2020              2019
            Loans and advances to customers (Note 22(c))                                                                      46,882              54,214
            Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                              307                (208)
            Investments
              – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                                                          13,875               5,803
              – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                                                                    1,492                 678
            Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
              loan commitments                                                                                                  2,147               545
            Others                                                                                                                168                34
            Total                                                                                                             64,871              61,066




      15. Income tax
      (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                                 2020              2019
            Current income tax expense
              – Mainland China                                                                                                30,574              30,296
              – Hong Kong                                                                                                        960               1,243
              – Overseas                                                                                                         112                 130
            Subtotal                                                                                                          31,646              31,669
            Deferred taxation                                                                                                  (7,165)            (7,960)
            Total                                                                                                             24,481              23,709



      (b)   A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2020              2019
            Profit before taxation                                                                                          122,440              117,132
            Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2019: 25%)                                                      30,610               29,283
            Tax effects of the following items:
              – Effects of non-deductible expenses                                                                               914               1,298
              – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                                (10,568)             (7,738)
              – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions                                                    (458)               (417)
              – Transfer out of previously recognised deferred tax assets                                                      4,055               1,320
              – Others                                                                                                           (72)                (37)
            Income tax expense                                                                                                24,481              23,709

            Notes:

            (i)      The applicable income tax rate for the Group’s operations in Mainland China is 25% during 2020 (2019: 25%).

            (ii)     Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                                      209
Annual Report 2020



16. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(a)   Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                   2020                                           2019
                                                                                                                    Tax
                                                   Before-tax Tax benefit/      Net-of-tax    Before-tax      (expense)/      Net-of-tax
                                                     amount     (expense)         amount        amount           benefit        amount
      Items that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss
         – Net fair value (loss) gain on debt
              instruments measured at fair value
              through other comprehensive income        (3,717)        988          (2,729)       2,189             (549)         1,640
         – Net changes in expected credit
              losses of debt instruments
              measured at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                1,391          (337)        1,054           799             (173)           626
         – Net movement in cash flow
              hedge reserve                                (33)           6            (27)        (115)                 13        (102)
         – Equity-accounted investees-share of
              other comprehensive income                  463              –          463           368                   –         368
         – Exchange difference on translation of
              financial statements of foreign
              operations                                (2,483)            –        (2,483)         497                   –         497
      Items that will not be reclassified
         subsequently to profit or loss
         – Fair value gain on equity instruments
              measured at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                  625          (144)          481           991             (262)           729
         – Remeasurement of defined benefit
              scheme redesigned through reserve            52             (9)          43             1                   –           1
      Other comprehensive income                        (3,702)        504          (3,198)       4,730             (971)         3,759



(b)   Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
      follows:
                                                                                                      2020                        2019
      Reserve changes in debt instruments at FVTOCI
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                              (502)                      3,483
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to
          profit or loss upon disposal                                                              (2,227)                     (1,843)
      Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
        year recognised in other comprehensive income                                               (2,729)                      1,640
      Changes in expected credit losses in financial assets at FVTOCI
        Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                 1,054                         626
      Net movement in the debt instrument revaluation reserve during the
        year recognised in other comprehensive income                                                1,054                         626
      Equity instruments measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                               481                         729
      Net movement in the equity investment revaluation reserve during the
        year recognised in other comprehensive income                                                  481                         729
      Cash flow hedge
        Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                  (36)                    (101)
          Reclassification adjustment for realised gain (loss) to profit or loss                             9                       (1)
      Net movement in the hedging reserve during the year recognised in
        other comprehensive income                                                                         (27)                    (102)
210   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      17. Earnings per share
            The calculation of basic earnings per share for the years 2020 and 2019 are based on the net profit attributable to
            ordinary shareholders of the Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue during corresponding years.
            There is no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share for the years 2020 and 2019.
                                                                                                                                2020                         2019
            Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                             97,342                      92,867
            Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                              (1,651)                     (1,670)
            Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                      95,691                      91,197
            Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million)                                                           25,220                      25,220
            Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to
              equity holders of the Bank (in RMB)                                                                                3.79                         3.62

            Note:

            The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in year 2017. For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share for the years ended 31
            December 2020 and 2019, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares declared in corresponding years should be deducted from the amounts
            attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

            The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not exist
            as at 31 December 2020 and 2019. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the calculation of diluted earnings per share.




      18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                                2020                         2019
            Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                            495,630                      472,533
            Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                              24,408                       75,077
            Fiscal deposits                                                                                                   5,080                        4,697
            Interest receivable                                                                                                 240                          283
            Total                                                                                                           525,358                      552,590

            Notes:

            (i)      Statutory deposit reserve funds are deposited with the PBOC as required and are not available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory
                     deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions located in Mainland China are calculated at 9% and 5% for eligible RMB deposits and foreign
                     currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 10.5% and 5% for eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency
                     deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from government authorities and other organizations, retail deposits, corporate
                     deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB deposits placed by the financial institutions outside Mainland China.

            (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Mainland China are mainly for clearing and settlement
                     purposes.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                  211
Annual Report 2020



19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                 2020       2019
      Principal (a)                                            103,448    106,306
      Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                (277)      (372)
      Subtotal                                                 103,171    105,934
      Interest receivable                                         164         179
      Total                                                    103,335    106,113



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                 2020       2019
      Balances in Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 55,117     73,825
        – Other financial institutions                           1,694      2,484
      Subtotal                                                  56,811     76,309
      Balances outside Mainland China
        – Banks                                                 45,942     29,923
        – Other financial institutions                             695         74
      Subtotal                                                  46,637     29,997
      Total                                                    103,448    106,306
      Less: Impairment allowances
        – Banks                                                   (265)      (361)
        – Other financial institutions                             (12)       (11)
      Subtotal                                                    (277)      (372)
      Total                                                    103,171    105,934



(b)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                 2020       2019
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                     372         171
      (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                     (93)        201
      Exchange difference                                          (2)          –
      Balance as at the end of the year                           277         372
212   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                       2020       2019
            Principal (a)                                            226,516    306,656
            Impairment allowances (a)(c)                                (376)      (338)
            Subtotal                                                 226,140    306,318
            Interest receivable                                         779       1,115
            Total                                                    226,919    307,433



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                       2020       2019
            Placements in Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 27,637     80,251
              – Other financial institutions                         108,914    155,386
            Subtotal                                                 136,551    235,637
            Placements outside Mainland China
              – Banks                                                 89,965     71,019
            Subtotal                                                  89,965     71,019
            Total                                                    226,516    306,656
            Less: Impairment allowances
              – Banks                                                   (145)       (58)
              – Other financial institutions                            (231)      (280)
            Subtotal                                                    (376)      (338)
            Total                                                    226,140    306,318



      (b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                       2020       2019
            Maturing
             – Within one month (inclusive)                           96,002    216,735
             – Between one month and one year (inclusive)            125,969     75,796
             – Over one year                                           4,169     13,787
            Total                                                    226,140    306,318



      (c)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                       2020       2019
            Balance as at the beginning of the year                     338         405
            Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                      53         (68)
            Exchange difference                                         (15)          1
            Balance as at the end of the year                           376         338
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                       213
Annual Report 2020



21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                      2020       2019
      Principal(a)                                                  286,879    109,353
      Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                     (743)      (396)
      Subtotal                                                      286,136    108,957
      Interest receivable                                              126           4
      Total                                                         286,262    108,961



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                      2020       2019
      Amounts held under resale agreements in Mainland China
       – Banks                                                       29,227     16,377
       – Other financial institutions                               257,155     92,955
      Amounts held under resale agreements outside Mainland China
       – Other financial institutions                                  497          21
      Subtotal                                                      286,879    109,353
      Less: Impairment allowances
        – Banks                                                        (185)      (222)
        – Other financial institutions                                 (558)      (174)
      Subtotal                                                         (743)      (396)
      Total                                                         286,136    108,957



(b)   Analysed by residual maturity
                                                                      2020       2019
      Maturing
       – Within one month (inclusive)                               279,446    108,014
       – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                   6,690        943
      Total                                                         286,136    108,957



(c)   Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                      2020       2019
      Bonds                                                         278,817    107,219
      Bills                                                           7,319      1,738
      Total                                                         286,136    108,957



(d)   Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                      2020       2019
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                          396         737
      Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                          347        (341)
      Balance as at the end of the year                                743         396
214   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      22. Loans and advances to customers
      (a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)         4,647,140            4,220,771
              Interest receivable                                                               9,528                9,514
              Subtotal                                                                      4,656,668            4,230,285
              Less: loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at
                      amortised cost (i)                                                      (234,426)           (222,756)
                    loss allowances of interest receivable                                         (96)               (143)
              Subtotal                                                                        (234,522)           (222,899)
              Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                             4,422,146            4,007,386
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                  375,359              264,135
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                    6,856                5,779
              Total                                                                         4,804,361            4,277,300



      (i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
              Corporate loans and advances                                                  1,965,980            1,858,130
              Retail loans and advances                                                     2,681,160            2,362,616
              Discount bills                                                                        –                   25
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost             4,647,140            4,220,771
              Less: loss allowances
                    – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                  (159,918)           (138,803)
                    – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                               (27,401)            (37,644)
                    – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit impaired)                                   (47,107)            (46,309)
              Subtotal                                                                        (234,426)           (222,756)
              Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost               4,412,714            3,998,015



      (ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
              Corporate loans and advances                                                     44,623               38,120
              Discount bills                                                                  330,736              226,015
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                       375,359              264,135
              Loss allowances
                    – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                      (226)               (213)
                    – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                   (12)               (117)
                    – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit impaired)                                         –                 (11)
              Subtotal                                                                            (238)               (341)

              No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
              customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
              Corporate loans and advances                                                       6,629               5,744
              Interest receivable                                                                  227                  35
              Subtotal                                                                           6,856               5,779
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                   215
Annual Report 2020



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)   Analysis of loans and advances to customers
(i)   Analysed by industry sector and category:
      Operations in the Mainland China
                                                                                          2020                 2019
      Transportation, storage and postal services                                      381,898              306,642
      Property development                                                             342,667              308,342
      Manufacturing                                                                    256,173              240,717
      Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water            161,777              144,530
      Leasing and commercial services                                                  143,805              144,377
      Wholesale and retail                                                             132,055              151,278
      Construction                                                                     101,442               95,279
      Finance                                                                           74,892               63,420
      Telecommunications, software and IT services                                      54,491               51,406
      Water, environment and public utilities management                                52,911               57,044
      Mining                                                                            31,097               29,744
      Others                                                                            65,330               59,640
      Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                       1,798,538            1,652,419
      Discounted bills                                                                 327,479              226,040
      Residential mortgage                                                           1,264,466            1,098,673
      Credit cards                                                                     746,560              670,922
      Micro-finance loans                                                              474,545              405,155
      Others                                                                           156,713              152,193
      Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                          2,642,284            2,326,943
      Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                4,768,301            4,205,402



      Operations outside Mainland China
                                                                                          2020                 2019
      Property development                                                              48,125               60,035
      Finance                                                                           39,402               63,286
      Transportation, storage and postal services                                       30,526               30,567
      Manufacturing                                                                     26,962               20,994
      Wholesale and retail                                                              17,720               11,579
      Leasing and commercial services                                                   11,223               28,992
      Telecommunications, software and IT services                                       9,644                4,494
      Mining                                                                             9,579                9,445
      Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water              8,636                5,553
      Water, environment and public utilities management                                 2,383                1,219
      Construction                                                                       2,177                2,196
      Others                                                                            12,317               11,215
      Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                         218,694              249,575
      Discounted bills                                                                   3,257                    –
      Residential mortgage                                                              10,349                9,475
      Credit cards                                                                         127                  177
      Micro-finance loans                                                                1,183                  625
      Others                                                                            27,217               25,396
      Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                             38,876               35,673
      Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                  260,827              285,248

      As at 31 December 2020, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the People’s
      Republic of China (31 December 2019: over 90%).
216   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                     31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                            2020                     2019
              Credit loans                                                                                              1,758,502               1,535,977
              Guaranteed loans                                                                                            696,634                 636,709
              Collateralised loans                                                                                      1,914,658               1,859,500
              Pledged loans                                                                                               328,598                 232,424
              Subtotal                                                                                                  4,698,392               4,264,610
              Discounted bills                                                                                              330,736               226,040
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                           5,029,128               4,490,650



      (iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                                          Overdue              Overdue
                                                                      Overdue                from                 from         Overdue              Total
                                                                        within           3 months          1 year up to       more than          overdue
                                                                     3 months         up to 1 year              3 years         3 years            loans
              Credit loans                                               11,350               11,753                1,538               688        25,329
              Guaranteed loans                                              737                3,982                6,165             2,268        13,152
              Collateralised loans                                        3,116                3,901                4,033             1,883        12,933
              Pledged loans                                                 381                  476                3,737               560         5,154
              Gross amount of loans and
                advances to customers                                    15,584               20,112               15,473             5,399        56,568

                                                                                                       31 December 2019
                                                                                           Overdue              Overdue
                                                                       Overdue                from                 from         Overdue              Total
                                                                         within          3 months           1 year up to       more than          overdue
                                                                      3 months         up to 1 year              3 years         3 years            loans
              Credit loans                                               10,953               10,259                1,745               677        23,634
              Guaranteed loans                                            2,608                3,952                6,732             3,519        16,811
              Collateralised loans                                        4,691                4,207                3,800             3,068        15,766
              Pledged loans                                                 647                1,870                4,380               255         7,152
              Gross amount of loans and
                advances to customers                                    18,899               20,288               16,657             7,519        63,363

              Note: Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

              Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
              are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:
                                                                                                                     31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                            2020                     2019
              Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                          2,308                 3,904
              Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                   177                   640
              Total                                                                                                           2,485                 4,544
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                               217
Annual Report 2020



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(iv)   Analyzed by ECL
                                                                               2020
                                                                       –Stage 2
                                                                      (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                          –Stage 1      ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                        (12-month        credit-      ECL-credit
                                                              ECL)   impaired)        impaired)         Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost    4,517,239       76,286           53,615     4,647,140
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
              customers at amortised cost                (159,918)     (27,401)         (47,107)    (234,426)
       Net amount of loans and advances to
         customers at amortised cost                    4,357,321       48,885            6,508     4,412,714
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI          374,800          559                –       375,359
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to
         customers at FVTOCI                                 (226)           (12)              –         (238)

                                                                               2019
                                                                       –Stage 2
                                                                       (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                          –Stage 1      ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                        (12-month         credit-     ECL-credit
                                                              ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost    4,088,065       80,141           52,565     4,220,771
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
              customers at amortised cost                (138,803)     (37,644)         (46,309)     (222,756)
       Net amount of loans and advances to
         customers at amortised cost                    3,949,262       42,497            6,256     3,998,015
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI          263,144          972               19       264,135
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to
         customers at FVTOCI                                 (213)         (117)             (11)        (341)
218   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
      (i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             amortised cost:
                                                                                      2020
                                                                              –Stage 2
                                                                             (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                –Stage 1       ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                              (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                    ECL)    impaired)        impaired)       Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year            138,803        37,644           46,309     222,756
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                          2,636        (2,571)             (65)          –
               – Stage 2                                           (552)        1,398             (846)          –
               – Stage 3                                           (565)      (10,698)          11,263           –
             Charge for the year (note 14)                       19,696         1,652           25,635      46,983
             Write-offs/disposes                                      –             –          (43,734)    (43,734)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                       –             –             (186)       (186)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off               –             –            8,781       8,781
             Exchange difference                                   (100)          (24)             (50)       (174)
             Balance as at the end of the year                  159,918        27,401           47,107     234,426

                                                                                      2019
                                                                              –Stage 2
                                                                              (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                              (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                    ECL)     impaired)        impaired)      Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year            105,978        38,517           47,277     191,772
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                          3,108        (3,059)             (49)          –
               – Stage 2                                           (605)        1,375             (770)          –
               – Stage 3                                           (684)       (9,480)          10,164           –
             Charge for the year (note 14)                       30,869        10,271           12,961      54,101
             Write-offs/disposes                                      –             –          (32,201)    (32,201)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                       –             –             (286)       (286)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off               –             –            9,170       9,170
             Exchange difference                                    137            20               43         200
             Balance as at the end of the year                  138,803        37,644           46,309     222,756



      (ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             FVTOCI:
                                                                                             2020            2019
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                          341             228
             (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                                         (101)            113
             Exchange difference                                                               (2)              –
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                238             341
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                      219
Annual Report 2020



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(d)   Finance leases receivable
      The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
      leases of equipment in which the Group is a lessor:
                                                                                            2020                  2019
      Total minimum leases receivable
      Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                            20,999               30,035
      Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                           15,621               22,547
      Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                          10,720               17,072
      Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                           8,135               12,446
      Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                           6,280                8,880
      Over 5 years                                                                         18,889               30,775
      Subtotal                                                                             80,644             121,755
      Unearned finance income                                                              (8,370)            (17,822)
      Present value of minimum leases receivable                                           72,274             103,933
      Less: Impairment allowances
        – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                           (1,704)              (1,965)
        – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                         (931)              (1,608)
        – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit impaired)                                             (859)                (743)
      Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                     68,780               99,617




23. Investments
                                                                              Notes             2020              2019
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   23(a)          495,723          398,276
      Derivative financial assets                                             60(f)           47,272           24,219
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                      23(b)        1,049,280          921,228
      Debt investments at FVTOCI                                              23(c)          516,553          478,856
      Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                 23(d)            7,139            6,077
      Total                                                                                2,115,967         1,828,656



(a)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                             Notes              2020              2019
      Investments measured at FVTPL                                           (i)            464,466          393,038
      Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss        (ii)            31,257            5,238
      Total                                                                                  495,723          398,276
220   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      23. Investments (continued)
      (a)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)   Investments measured at FVTPL
            Financial assets held for trading
                                                                                        2020      2019
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer
                – Government bonds                                                     32,254    24,671
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          4,845    10,364
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    22,636    20,641
                – Other debt securities                                                71,395    52,922
              Subtotal                                                                131,130   108,598
              Classified by listing
                – Listed in Mainland China                                            110,561    92,258
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                        20,361    15,178
                – Unlisted                                                                208     1,162
              Subtotal                                                                131,130   108,598
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets
                – Equity investments                                                       56       242
                – Investments in funds                                                  2,971     4,084
                – Wealth management products                                              961         –
                – Long position in precious metal contracts                                96       183
              Subtotal                                                                  4,084     4,509
              Classified by listing
                – Listed in Mainland China                                                 31       231
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                           140       190
                – Unlisted                                                              3,913     4,088
              Subtotal                                                                  4,084     4,509
            Total financial assets held for trading                                   135,214   113,107
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                        221
Annual Report 2020



23. Investments (continued)
(a)    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
       Other investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                             2020                  2019
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions               8,706                4,294
           – Other debt securities                                                           6,727                5,126
         Subtotal                                                                           15,433                9,420
         Classified by listing
           – Listed in Mainland China                                                       14,244                8,950
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                                     995                   71
           – Unlisted                                                                          194                  399
         Subtotal                                                                           15,433                9,420
       Other investments:
         Classified by underlying assets
           – Non-standard assets – Bills                                                  175,303              199,817
           – Equity investments                                                             3,294                2,215
           – Investments in funds                                                         133,861               67,615
           – Wealth management products                                                       298                  864
           – Others                                                                         1,063                    –
         Subtotal                                                                         313,819              270,511
         Classified by listing
           – Listed in Mainland China                                                       3,243                  121
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                                      –                  790
           – Unlisted                                                                     310,576              269,600
         Subtotal                                                                         313,819              270,511
       Total other investments measured at FVTPL                                          329,252              279,931



(ii)   Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                             2020                  2019
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer
           – Government Bonds                                                                   41                  116
           – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                   18,431                   79
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions              10,567                1,630
           – Other debt securities                                                           2,218                3,413
       Total                                                                                31,257                5,238
         Classified by listing
           – Listed in Mainland China                                                       28,533                  116
           – Listed outside Mainland China                                                   2,710                4,830
           – Unlisted                                                                           14                  292
       Total                                                                                31,257                5,238

       The amounts of changes in the fair value of these investments that are attributable to changes in credit risk are
       considered not significant during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and as at 31 December 2020 and
       2019.
222   China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      23. Investments (continued)
      (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                          2020       2019
            Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                                1,060,387    921,467
            Interest receivable                                                          15,099     13,821
            Subtotal                                                                  1,075,486    935,288
            Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                 (26,118)   (13,995)
            Impairment losses of interest receivable                                        (88)       (65)
            Subtotal                                                                    (26,206)   (14,060)
            Total                                                                     1,049,280    921,228



      (i)   Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                          2020       2019
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer
                – Government bonds                                                     623,727     498,310
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         252,996     239,480
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     28,157      33,026
                – Other debt securities                                                  6,529       7,354
              Subtotal                                                                 911,409     778,170
              Classified by listing
                – Listed in Mainland China                                             906,053     772,837
                – Listed outside Mainland China                                          2,064       3,243
                – Unlisted                                                               3,292       2,090
              Subtotal                                                                 911,409     778,170
              Fair value for the listed bonds                                          916,422     794,212
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets
                – Non-standard assets – Bills                                           12,725       1,334
                – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers                123,681     138,749
                – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                    commercial banks                                                     6,400       2,650
                – Non-standard assets – Others                                           5,580           –
                – Others                                                                   592         564
              Subtotal                                                                 148,978     143,297
              Classified by listing
                – Unlisted                                                             148,978     143,297
            Total                                                                     1,060,387    921,467
            Less: loss allowances
              Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                    (11,832)    (9,179)
              Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                                   (326)      (283)
              Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit impaired)                                    (13,960)    (4,533)
              Subtotal                                                                  (26,118)   (13,995)
            Net debt investments at amortised cost                                    1,034,269    907,472
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                223
Annual Report 2020



23. Investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(ii)    Analyzed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                   2020
                                                                           –Stage 2
                                                                          (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                             –Stage 1       ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                           (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                 ECL)    impaired)        impaired)         Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                 1,044,826            971          14,590     1,060,387
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
          at amortised cost                                  (11,832)          (326)        (13,960)      (26,118)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost             1,032,994            645             630     1,034,269

                                                                                   2019
                                                                           –Stage 2
                                                                           (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                             –Stage 1       ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                           (12-month          credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                 ECL)     impaired)        impaired)        Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                   916,206            580           4,681      921,467
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
          at amortised cost                                    (9,179)         (283)          (4,533)     (13,995)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost               907,027            297             148      907,472



(iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                   2020
                                                                           –Stage 2
                                                                          (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                             –Stage 1       ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                           (12-month         credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                 ECL)    impaired)        impaired)         Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                9,179            283           4,533        13,995
        Transfer to:
          – Stage 1                                                –               –              –             –
          – Stage 2                                                –               –              –             –
          – Stage 3                                             (204)              –            204             –
        Charge for the year (note 14)                          2,858              43         10,974        13,875
        Write-offs                                                 –               –         (1,822)       (1,822)
        Recoveries of debt previously written off                  –               –             80            80
        Exchange difference                                       (1)              –             (9)          (10)
        Balance as at the end of the year                     11,832            326          13,960        26,118
224   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      23. Investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)
                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                         –Stage 2
                                                                                         (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                         –Stage 1         ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month            credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                             ECL)       impaired)         impaired)         Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                       3,582             517               3,981      8,080
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                       1              (1)                 –           –
                – Stage 2                                                       –               –                  –           –
                – Stage 3                                                      (2)             (1)                 3           –
              Charge/(Release) for the year (note 14)                       5,593            (232)               442       5,803
              Unwinding of discount on allowance                                –               –                 (2)         (2)
              Recoveries of debt previously written off                         –               –                105         105
              Exchange difference                                               5               –                  4           9
              Balance as at the end of the year                             9,179             283               4,533     13,995



      (c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                        2020               2019
              Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                          510,307           472,586
              Interest receivable                                                                       6,246             6,270
              Total                                                                                   516,553           478,856
              Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                     (4,014)            (2,600)
              Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                     (1)                (1)
              Total                                                                                    (4,015)            (2,601)

              No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
              FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                        2020               2019
              Bonds:
                Classified by issuer
                  – Government bonds                                                                  287,007           260,092
                  – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                       71,542            66,318
                  – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                  97,487           102,750
                  – Other debt securities                                                              54,271            43,426
              Total                                                                                   510,307           472,586
                Classified by listing
                  – Listed in Mainland China                                                          400,456           323,090
                  – Listed outside Mainland China                                                      64,191            54,995
                  – Unlisted                                                                           45,660            94,501
              Total                                                                                   510,307           472,586
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                               225
Annual Report 2020



23. Investments (continued)
(c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
(ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                                                  2020                        2019
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                    2,600                       1,897
       Charge for the year (note 14)                                                                              1,492                         678
       Unwinding of discount on allowance                                                                             –                          (3)
       Exchange difference                                                                                          (78)                         28
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                                          4,014                       2,600



(d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                  2020                        2019
       Repossessed equity instruments                                                                               899                         625
       Others                                                                                                     6,240                       5,452
       Total                                                                                                      7,139                       6,077
       Classified by listing
         – Listed in Mainland China                                                                                  52                         197
         – Listed outside Mainland China                                                                          2,023                       2,131
         – Unlisted                                                                                               5,064                       3,749
       Total                                                                                                      7,139                       6,077

       During the year ended 31 December 2020, the group disposed part of the equity investments designated at FVTOCI.
       The fair value of the equity investments disposed at the date of derecognition was RMB433 million (2019: RMB112
       million), the cumulative gain on disposal of RMB26 million (2019: the cumulative loss RMB23 million) was transferred
       from investment revaluation reserve to retained profits on disposal.



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
       The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the financial results, assets or
       liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are
       subsidiaries as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements
       of the Group.
                                                                                     % of
                                            Place of          Particulars of    ownership
                                            incorporation   the issued and     held by the     Principal          Economic          Legal
       Name of company                      and operation   paid up capital          Bank      activities         nature            representative
                                                               (in millions)
       CMB International Capital Holdings   Hong Kong           HKD4,129            100%       Investment bank    Limited company   Tian Huiyu
        Corporation Limited (note (i))                                                           and investment
                                                                                                 managements

       CMB Financial Leasing Company        Shanghai            RMB6,000            100%       Finance lease      Limited company   Shi Shunhua
        Limited (note (ii))

       CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited           Hong Kong           HKD1,161            100%       Banking            Limited company   Zhu Qi
        (note (iii))

       China Merchants Fund Management Shenzhen                 RMB1,310              55%      Fund management    Limited company   Liu Hui
         Co., Ltd. (note (iv))

       CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd       Shenzhen            RMB5,000            100%       Asset management   Limited company   Liu Hui
        (note (v))

       China Merchants Europe S.A.          Luxembourg              EUR50           100%       Banking            Limited company   Li Biao
         (note (vi))

       Cigna & CMB Asset Management         Beijing               RMB500        (note (vii))   Asset management   Limited company   Liu Hui
         Company Limited (note (vii))
226   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
            Notes:

            (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBICHC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
                     International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998] No. 405.
                     In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBICHC. The capital of CMBICHC increased to HKD1,000
                     million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

                     The Board of Directors have considered and passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital Increase and Restructuring of CMBICHC” which
                     agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBICHC on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution
                     completed on 20 January 2016.

            (ii)     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFLC”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the CBIRC through its Yin Jian Fu
                     [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB2,000 million in
                     CMBFLC. The capital of CMBFLC increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

            (iii)    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”), formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
                     a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
                     withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

            (iv)     In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
                     ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
                     shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became
                     the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in
                     CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also make capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to
                     RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.

            (v)      CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the Bank with the China Banking Regulatory
                     Commission, Yinbao Jianfu [2019] No. 981, and commenced its operation on November 1, 2019.

            (vi)     China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary approved by the Bank of China Banking Regulatory
                     Commission Yinbao Jian Fu [2016] No. 460. It was formally established in November 2019, and the commercial banking license is yet to be
                     issued by the Luxembourg financial regulatory authority (CSSF).

            (vii)    Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) is a subsidiary established by the Group and China Merchants Cigna
                     Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and approved by the Bank with the China Banking Regulatory Commission, Yinbao Jianfu
                     [2020] No.708, CIGNA & CMAM commenced its operation on October 18, 2020.
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                                             227
Annual Report 2020



25. Interest in joint ventures
                                                                                                                                2020                           2019
      Share of net assets                                                                                                  12,403                           10,324
      Share of profits for the year                                                                                             2,392                         1,686
      Share of other comprehensive income for the year                                                                            456                           351

      Details of the Group’s interest in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                                                                  Percentage               of
                                                             Place of                                   Group’s            of     ownership
                                            Form of business incorporation     Particulars of issued   effective ownership of         of the
      Name of joint ventures                structure        and operation     and paid up capital      interest    the Bank     subsidiaries Principal activity
                                                                                     (in thousands)
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Company Limited company Shenzhen                   RMB2,800,000       50.00%        50.00%                – Life insurance business
        Limited (note(i))
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance   Limited company Shenzhen                   RMB3,868,964       50.00%        24.15%         25.85% Consumer finance
        Company Limited (note(ii))
      Notes:

      (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMB Life”), and Life Insurance
                Company of North America (“INA”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life. CIGNA & CMB Life is the only joint venture
                directly held by the Bank. The Bank and INA share the joint venture’s profits, risks and losses by their proportion of shareholding. The Bank’s
                investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

      (ii)      The Bank’s subsidiary, CMB WLB, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), which is a subsidiary of China Unicom
                Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). CBIRC has approved the operation of MUCFC on 3
                March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC hold 50.00% equity interests in MUCFC respectively and share the risks, profits and losses based on the
                above proportion of their shareholding. In December 2017, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB600 million to CUNC,
                with the other shareholder of CUNC injected capital proportionally. The capital of CUNC increased to RMB2,859 million, and the Bank’s
                shareholding percentage reached 15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage decreased to 35%, whilst the Group’s shareholding percentage
                remained unchanged. In December 2018, the Group made an additional capital contribution of RMB1,000 million to CUNC, and the other
                shareholder of CUNC injected capital proportionally. The Bank’s shareholding percentage is 24.15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage is
                25.85%, and the Group’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.
228   China Merchants Bank                  IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      25. Interest in joint ventures (continued)
            Summarised financial information of the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as below:
            (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life:
                                                                                                                             Other         Total               Cash      Depreciation
                                                                                                                     comprehensive comprehensive           and cash              and
                                                  Assets       Liabilities        Equity        Revenue   Net profit       income        income          equivalents     amortisation   Income tax
                   2020
                   CIGNA & CMB Life              75,196          65,259           9,937          23,608        1,638             912           2,550             437              56          299
                   Group’s effective interest    37,386          32,630           4,756          11,804          812             456           1,268             219              28          150
                   2019
                   CIGNA & CMB Life              58,752          51,089           7,663          20,164        1,378             724           2,102             522              47          221
                   Group’s effective interest    29,376          25,545           3,831          10,082          689             351           1,040             261              24          111



            (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                                       Total                           Depreciation
                                                                                                                               comprehensive    Cash and cash                  and
                                                      Assets        Liabilities        Equity        Revenue     Net profit          income        equivalents         amortisation     Income tax
                   2020
                   MUCFC                            108,881            97,858         11,023          12,816           1,663           1,663            2,447                   44            501
                   Group’s effective interest        54,441            48,929          5,512           6,408             832             832            1,224                   22            251
                   2019
                   MUCFC                             92,697            83,337          9,360          10,740           1,466           1,466            1,015                   44            426
                   Group’s effective interest        46,349            41,669          4,680           5,370             734             734              508                   22            213



            Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group:
                                                                                                                                                 Other                              Total
                                                                                                                                         comprehensive                      comprehensive
                                                                                                                Net profit                     income                             income
            2020
            Others                                                                                                      4,349                                –                           4,349
            Group’s effective interest                                                                                    748                                –                             748
            2019
            Others                                                                                                      1,403                                –                           1,403
            Group’s effective interest                                                                                    263                                –                             263
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                  229
Annual Report 2020



26. Interest in associates
                                                                                         2020                2019
      Share of net assets                                                               2,519                 460
      Share of profits for the year                                                       489                  37
      Share of other comprehensive income for the year                                      7                  17

      The following list contains the information of associates, which are unlisted corporate entities and are not
      individually material to the Group:
                                                                                        Other               Total
                                                                                comprehensive       comprehensive
                                                                Net profit            income              income
      2020
      Others                                                       36,557                  25              36,582
      Group’s effective interest                                      489                   7                 496
      2019
      Others                                                        3,764                  93               3,857
      Group’s effective interest                                       37                  17                  54




27. Investment properties
                                                                                         2020                2019
      Cost:
      At 1 January                                                                      3,558               3,488
      Transfers (out)/in                                                                 (173)                 32
      Exchange difference                                                                (109)                 38
      At 31 December                                                                    3,276               3,558
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January                                                                      1,633               1,427
      Depreciation                                                                        166                 171
      Transfers (out)/in                                                                  (72)                 18
      Exchange difference                                                                 (74)                 17
      At 31 December                                                                    1,653               1,633
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December                                                                    1,623               1,925
      At 1 January                                                                      1,925               2,061

      As at 31 December 2020, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
      management of the Group (2019: Nil).
230   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      27. Investment properties (continued)
            Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank’s properties in
            Beijing, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Qingdao and Hefei, etc. that have been leased out under operating leases. The fair
            value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the method of capitalization of net rental income. There
            has been no change to the valuation methodology during the year. As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of these
            properties was RMB5,317 million (As at 31 December 2019: RMB5,675 million). The Group’s total future minimum
            leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                         2020                  2019
            Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                     625                    414
            1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                 358                    267
            2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                 114                    148
            3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                  87                     68
            4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                  66                     64
            Over 5 years                                                                                  364                    424
            Total                                                                                       1,614                  1,385

            The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as below:
                                                                                                                          Fair Value
                                                                                                                            as at 31
                                                                                                                          December
                                                                           Level 1          Level 2         Level 3             2020
            Located in Mainland China                                             –               –             2,927          2,927
            Located overseas                                                      –               –             2,390          2,390
            Total                                                                 –               –             5,317          5,317

                                                                                                                           Fair Value
                                                                                                                             as at 31
                                                                                                                           December
                                                                            Level 1         Level 2          Level 3            2019
            Located in Mainland China                                             –               –             2,838          2,838
            Located overseas                                                      –               –             2,837          2,837
            Total                                                                 –               –             5,675          5,675

            In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                 231
Annual Report 2020



28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                   Aircrafts,
                                                                                                 vessels and          Motor
                                          Land and Construction       Computer     Leasehold    professional    vehicles and
                                          buildings in progress      equipment improvements      equipment            others     Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2020                     27,356          2,964       13,750         8,510          43,309          6,351    102,240
      Additions                                290          1,003        2,078         1,081          10,475            777     15,704
      Reclassification and transfers           841           (860)          25           172               –             (5)       173
      Disposals                                (33)             –         (641)          (12)         (2,613)          (821)    (4,120)
      Exchange difference                     (175)             –          (63)          (90)         (3,047)            (3)    (3,378)
      At 31 December 2020                   28,279          3,107       15,149         9,661          48,124          6,299    110,619
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2020                     10,512              –       10,163         5,441           4,523          5,100     35,739
      Depreciation                           1,270              –        1,948           779           3,109            443      7,549
      Reclassification and transfers            72              –           23             –               –            (23)        72
      Disposals                                (13)             –         (609)           (5)           (479)          (704)    (1,810)
      Exchange difference                      (91)             –          (36)          (83)           (424)            (3)      (637)
      At 31 December 2020                   11,750              –       11,489         6,132           6,729          4,813     40,913
      Impairment loss:
      At 1 January 2020                          –              –            –             –              93              –        93
      Additions                                  –              –            –             –             153              –       153
      Exchange difference                        –              –            –             –             (10)             –       (10)
      At 31 December 2020                        –              –            –             –             236              –       236
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2020                   16,529          3,107        3,660         3,529          41,159          1,486     69,470
      At 1 January 2020                     16,844          2,964        3,587         3,069          38,693          1,251     66,408
232   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                        Aircrafts,
                                                                                                                      vessels and           Motor
                                                      Land and     Construction       Computer     Leasehold         professional     vehicles and
                                                      buildings     in progress      equipment improvements           equipment             others          Total
            Cost:
            At 1 January 2019                           25,923            1,646          12,276            7,669          33,904             6,369       87,787
            Additions                                    1,510            1,506           1,882              847          14,168               726       20,639
            Reclassification and transfers                 104             (188)              –               52               –                 –          (32)
            Disposals                                     (244)               –            (427)             (76)         (5,249)             (746)      (6,742)
            Exchange difference                             63                –              19               18             486                 2          588
            At 31 December 2019                         27,356            2,964          13,750            8,510          43,309             6,351      102,240
            Accumulated depreciation:
            At 1 January 2019                            9,412                 –          8,789            4,869            3,169            5,342       31,581
            Depreciation                                 1,233                 –          1,765              587            2,165              458        6,208
            Reclassification and transfers                 (18)                –              –                –                –                –          (18)
            Disposals                                     (152)                –           (401)             (24)            (878)            (701)      (2,156)
            Exchange difference                             37                 –             10                9               67                1          124
            At 31 December 2019                         10,512                 –         10,163            5,441            4,523            5,100       35,739
            Impairment loss:
            At 1 January 2019                                 –                –               –                –               –                –             –
            Additions                                         –                –               –                –              93                –            93
            At 31 December 2019                               –                –               –                –              93                –            93
            Net carrying amount:
            At 31 December 2019                         16,844            2,964           3,587            3,069          38,693             1,251       66,408
            At 1 January 2019                           16,511            1,646           3,487            2,800          30,735             1,027       56,206

            (a)      As at 31 December 2020, the process of obtaining the registration license for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value of
                     RMB1,565 million (31 December 2019: RMB2,516 million) was still in progress.

            (b)      As at 31 December 2020, the Group has no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2019: nil).

            (c)      The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are receivables as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2020                       2019
                     Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                  5,851                      4,740
                     1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                              5,316                      4,677
                     2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                              4,883                      4,427
                     3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                              4,303                      4,133
                     4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                              3,916                      3,456
                     Over 5 years                                                                                              13,550                     13,057
                     Total                                                                                                     37,819                     34,490
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            233
Annual Report 2020



29. Lease contracts
(a)   Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                     Motor
                                                          Land                     Computer        vehicles
                                                     use rights      Buildings    equipment      and others          Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2020                                   5,968         18,602              3            18        24,591
      Additions                                               –          3,888              4             2         3,894
      Disposals                                             (11)        (1,368)            (3)           (4)       (1,386)
      At 31 December 2020                                 5,957         21,122              4            16        27,099
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2020                                     830          3,755              1              5         4,591
      Depreciation (Note 10)                                183          4,228              2              3         4,416
      Disposals                                              (4)        (1,005)            (1)            (2)       (1,012)
      At 31 December 2020                                 1,009          6,978              2              6         7,995
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2020                                 4,948         14,144              2            10        19,104
      At 1 January 2020                                   5,138         14,847              2            13        20,000

                                                                                                     Motor
                                                           Land                     Computer       vehicles
                                                      use rights      Buildings    equipment     and others           Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2019                                   6,074         13,690              5             5        19,774
      Additions                                               –          5,421              1            16         5,438
      Disposals                                            (106)          (509)            (3)           (3)         (621)
      At 31 December 2019                                 5,968         18,602              3            18        24,591
      Accumulated depreciation:
      At 1 January 2019                                     662              –              –              –           662
      Depreciation (Note 10)                                185          4,173              1              5         4,364
      Disposals                                             (17)          (418)             –              –          (435)
      At 31 December 2019                                   830          3,755              1              5         4,591
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2019                                 5,138         14,847              2            13        20,000
      At 1 January 2019                                   5,412         13,690              5              5       19,112

      The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
      basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
      option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
      change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee. During the year ended 31 December 2020, there is
      no such triggering event (2019: nil).
234   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      29. Lease contracts (continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities
            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by residual maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                       2020                   2019
            Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                                  527                     527
            1 month to 3 months (inclusive)                                                             488                     476
            3 months to 1 years (inclusive)                                                           2,805                   2,729
            1 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                             8,577                   8,436
            Over 5 years                                                                              1,845                   2,211
            Total                                                                                    14,242                  14,379

            Interest expense on lease liabilities are set out in note 7.



      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
            short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and others.



      (d)   During the period of 2020, the total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amount to RMB4,644 million (During the
            period of 2019: RMB4,604 million).



      (e)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the leases committed but not yet commenced is not significant.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                           235
Annual Report 2020



30. Intangible assets
                                                       Software
                                                      and others    Core deposits    Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2020                                    8,161           1,186     9,347
      Additions                                            1,419               –     1,419
      Exchange difference                                     (4)            (68)      (72)
      At 31 December 2020                                  9,576           1,118    10,694
      Amortisation:
      At 1 January 2020                                    4,294             478     4,772
      Charge for the year (Note 10)                        1,148              40     1,188
      Exchange difference                                      –             (29)      (29)
      At 31 December 2020                                  5,442             489     5,931
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2020                                  4,134             629     4,763
      At 1 January 2020                                    3,867             708     4,575

                                                       Software
                                                      and others    Core deposits    Total
      Cost:
      At 1 January 2019                                    6,322           1,162     7,484
      Additions                                            1,840               –     1,840
      Disposals                                               (3)              –        (3)
      Exchange difference                                      2              24        26
      At 31 December 2019                                  8,161           1,186     9,347
      Amortisation:
      At 1 January 2019                                    3,319             427     3,746
      Charge for the year (Note 10)                          973              41     1,014
      Disposals                                                –               –         –
      Exchange difference                                      2              10        12
      At 31 December 2019                                  4,294             478     4,772
      Net carrying amount:
      At 31 December 2019                                  3,867             708     4,575
      At 1 January 2019                                    3,003             735     3,738
236   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      31. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                   Impairment
                                                                                                                                        loss at          Net value at
                                                                                                                                     1 January             1 January
                                                                                                                 As at 31         2020 and 31           2020 and 31
                                                        As at 1         Addition in          Release in         December            December              December
                                                  January 2020            the year            the year              2020                  2020                  2020
            CMB WLB (note (i))                            10,177                      –                  –          10,177                   (579)                9,598
            CMFM (note (ii))                                 355                      –                  –             355                      –                   355
            Zhaoyin Internet (note (iii))                      1                      –                  –               1                      –                     1
            Total                                         10,533                      –                  –          10,533                   (579)                9,954

            Notes:

            (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                     identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million being the
                     excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                     in Note 24.

            (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                     net assets was RMB752 million of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million being the excess of acquisition
                     cost 769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in Note 24.

            (iii)    On 1 April 2015, CMBICHC acquired a 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (Shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                     Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million being
                     the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets was recognised as goodwill. Zhaoyin Internet’s principal activities
                     include development and sale of computer software and hardware, sale of communication equipment and office automation equipment,
                     advisory service of computer technology and information.




            Impairment test for CGU containing goodwill
            Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU, CMB WLB which was acquired on 30 September 2008 and CMFM which
            was acquired on 28 November 2013 and Zhaoyin Internet which was acquired on 1 April 2015.
            The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash
            flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond
            the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-term
            average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
            In assessing impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the forecast
            long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. A pre-tax discount rate of 9% and 12% (2019:
            9% and 12%) was used. The Group believes any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on
            which recoverable amount are based would not cause the carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                      237
Annual Report 2020



32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                2020                 2019
      Deferred tax assets                                                                      72,893              65,151
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (1,073)               (956)
      Net amount                                                                               71,820              64,195



(a)   Analysed by nature of deferred tax assets and liabilities
      The components of deferred tax assets/liabilities are as follows:
                                                                          2020                            2019
                                                                Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                                   (taxable)                       (taxable)
                                                                 temporary                       temporary
                                                                 difference    Deferred tax      difference    Deferred tax
      Deferred tax assets
      Impairment allowances on loans and
         advances to customers and other assets at
         amortised cost                                             245,221         61,340         237,143          59,185
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                     (6,673)        (1,406)         (8,952)         (2,238)
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                                  6,309          1,577          (1,263)           (316)
      Salary and welfare payable                                     37,592          9,363          26,482           6,621
      Others                                                          8,665          2,019           7,580           1,899
      Total                                                         291,114         72,893         260,990          65,151
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Impairment allowances on loans and
         advances to customers and other assets at
         amortised cost                                                   –               –             291             47
      Financial assets at FVTOCI                                         10               2             (29)            (6)
      Financial instruments at FVTPL                                      8               2              11              3
      Others                                                         (6,677)         (1,077)         (6,376)        (1,000)
      Total                                                          (6,659)         (1,073)         (6,103)          (956)
238   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      32. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities (continued)
      (b)   Movements of deferred tax
                                                             Impairment
                                                              allowances
                                                           on loans and
                                                            advances to
                                                          customers and              Financial       Financial            Salary and
                                                          other assets at            assets at instruments at                welfare
                                                          amortised cost               FVTOCI           FVTPL                payable           Others            Total
            At 1 January 2020                                        59,232              (2,244)                 (313)           6,621             899         64,195
            Recognised in profit or loss                              2,160                 336                 1,899            2,742              28          7,165
            Recognised in other comprehensive
              Income                                                       –                507                      –                 –             (3)           504
            Exchange difference                                          (52)                (3)                    (7)                –             18            (44)
            At 31 December 2020                                      61,340              (1,404)                1,579            9,363             942         71,820

                                                               Impairment
                                                                allowances
                                                             on loans and
                                                               advances to
                                                            customers and              Financial           Financial       Salary and
                                                            other assets at            assets at     instruments at           welfare
                                                            amortised cost              FVTOCI                FVTPL           payable           Others            Total
            At 1 January 2019                                        51,718              (1,437)                1,911            4,646             325         57,163
            Recognised in profit or loss                              7,491                 177                (2,224)           1,975             541          7,960
            Recognised in other comprehensive
              Income                                                       –               (984)                     –                 –             13           (971)
            Exchange difference                                           23                  –                      –                 –             20             43
            At 31 December 2019                                      59,232              (2,244)                 (313)           6,621             899         64,195

            Note:   No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
                    is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the
                    foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                    239
Annual Report 2020



33. Other assets
                                                                                                                        2020       2019
      Amounts pending for settlement                                                                                  48,423      11,219
      Continuing involvement assets                                                                                    3,128         987
      Interest receivable                                                                                              2,972       3,148
      Prepaid lease payments                                                                                             314         345
      Repossessed assets (a)                                                                                             612         768
      Guarantee deposits                                                                                                 510         619
      Recoverable from reinsurers                                                                                        190         192
      Prepayment for lease hold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                              4,985       3,436
      Premium receivables                                                                                                150         122
      Post-employment benefits
         – Defined benefit plan (Note 39(b))                                                                              60          22
      Others                                                                                                          24,115      17,132
      Total                                                                                                           85,459      37,990



(a)   Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                        2020       2019
      Residential properties                                                                                              700       923
      Others                                                                                                               14        19
      Total                                                                                                               714        942
      Less: impairment allowances                                                                                        (102)      (174)
      Net repossessed assets                                                                                              612       768

      Notes:

      (i)      In 2020, the Group has disposed of repossessed assets with a total cost of RMB228 million (2019: RMB15 million).

      (ii)     The Group plans to dispose of the repossessed assets by auction, bid or agreement transfer.
240   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2020      2019
            Principal (a)                                    719,764   553,684
            Interest payable                                   3,638     1,897
            Total                                            723,402   555,581



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2020      2019
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                       143,846    60,111
               – Other financial institutions                568,557   478,894
            Subtotal                                         712,403   539,005
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                           6,964    14,638
             – Other financial institutions                      397        41
            Subtotal                                           7,361    14,679
            Total                                            719,764   553,684




      35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                               2020      2019
            Principal (a)                                    143,117   165,403
            Interest payable                                     400       518
            Total                                            143,517   165,921



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                               2020      2019
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                        75,768    77,526
               – Other financial institutions                 21,142     9,138
            Subtotal                                          96,910    86,664
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                          46,011    78,739
             – Other financial institutions                      196         –
            Subtotal                                          46,207    78,739
            Total                                            143,117   165,403
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                 241
Annual Report 2020



36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2020                   2019
      Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                                   20,990                 14,888
      Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)                    39,361                 28,546
      Total                                                                                        60,351                 43,434



(a)   Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                     2020                   2019
      Financial liabilities related to Precious metal                                              20,361                 13,701
      Short selling securities                                                                        629                  1,187
      Total                                                                                        20,990                 14,888



(b)   Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                     2020                   2019
      In Mainland China
         – Precious metal contracts with other banks                                                1,589                  9,217
         – Others                                                                                  20,773                  9,092
      Outside Mainland China
         – Certificates of deposit issued                                                             605                    767
         – Debt securities issued                                                                  13,914                  9,237
         – Others                                                                                   2,480                    233
      Total                                                                                        39,361                 28,546

      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
      designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable at maturity is not significant. The amounts
      of changes in the fair value that are attributable to changes in credit risk of these liabilities are not significant during
      the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.
242   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                      2020     2019
            Principal (a) (b)                                                       142,881   63,107
            Interest payable                                                             46      126
            Total                                                                   142,927   63,233



      (a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                      2020     2019
            In Mainland China
               – Banks                                                              136,248   59,383
               – Other financial institutions                                           980      480
            Subtotal                                                                137,228   59,863
            Outside Mainland China
             – Banks                                                                  4,868    1,845
             – Other financial institutions                                             785    1,399
            Subtotal                                                                  5,653    3,244
            Total                                                                   142,881   63,107



      (b)   Analysed by the type of underlying assets
                                                                                      2020     2019
            Debt securities
              – PRC government bonds                                                 45,684   30,962
              – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         53,445   21,941
              – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     4,872      493
              – Other debt securities                                                 4,351    3,337
            Subtotal                                                                108,352   56,733
            Discounted bills                                                         34,529    6,374
            Total                                                                   142,881   63,107
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                             243
Annual Report 2020



38. Deposits from customers
                                                            2020        2019
      Principal (a)                                     5,628,336   4,844,422
      Interest payable                                     35,799      30,559
      Total                                             5,664,135   4,874,981



(a)   Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                            2020        2019
      Corporate customers
        – Demand deposits                               2,306,134   1,692,068
        – Time deposits                                 1,289,556   1,346,033
      Subtotal                                          3,595,690   3,038,101
      Retail customers
        – Demand deposits                               1,400,520   1,171,221
        – Time deposits                                   632,126     635,100
      Subtotal                                          2,032,646   1,806,321
      Total                                             5,628,336   4,844,422



(b)   The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
      guarantees are as follows:
                                                            2020        2019
      Guarantee for acceptance bills                      83,095       62,809
      Guarantee for loans                                 31,859       29,620
      Guarantee for issuing letters of credit             16,437       19,086
      Deposit for letters of guarantee                    28,923       26,878
      Others                                              33,929       24,734
      Total                                              194,243      163,127
244   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      39. Staff welfare scheme
      (a)   Salaries and welfare payable

                                                                                   2020
                                                                                                     Payment/
                                                            Beginning        Charge                  Transfers               Ending
                                                              balance   for the year               in the year              balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                   10,872        44,407                    (41,124)              14,155
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                            699           3,410                    (2,869)               1,240
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)               67              30                       (30)                  67
            Total                                              11,638        47,847                    (44,023)              15,462

                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                     Payment/
                                                            Beginning         Charge               Transfers in              Ending
                                                              balance    for the year                 the year              balance
            Short-term employee benefits (i)                    8,297        41,429                    (38,854)              10,872
            Post-employment benefits – defined
              contribution plans (ii)                            129           3,966                    (3,396)                699
            Other long-term employee benefits (iii)               49              54                       (36)                 67
            Total                                               8,475        45,449                    (42,286)              11,638



      (i)   Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                   2020
                                                                                                     Payment/
                                                            Beginning        Charge                transfers in              Ending
                                                              balance   for the year                  the year              balance
            Salary and bonus                                    8,451        34,037                    (31,367)              11,121
            Welfare expense                                        69         4,156                     (4,201)                  24
            Social insurance
              – Medical insurance                                 107          2,541                    (2,257)                 391
              – Injury insurance                                    6             20                       (20)                   6
              – Maternity insurance                                 7             79                       (75)                  11
            Housing reserve                                       246          1,921                    (1,976)                 191
            Labour union and employee education expenses        1,986          1,653    (41,124)
                                                                                                        (1,228)    14,155
                                                                                                                              2,411
            Total                                              10,872        44,407                    (41,124)              14,155

                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                      Payment/
                                                            Beginning         Charge                transfers in             Ending
                                                              balance    for the year                  the year             balance
            Salary and bonus                                    6,112        31,232                    (28,893)               8,451
            Welfare expense                                        73         4,267                     (4,271)                  69
            Social insurance
              – Medical insurance                                  38          2,358                    (2,289)                 107
              – Injury insurance                                    4             26                       (24)                   6
              – Maternity insurance                                 5             95                       (93)                   7
            Housing reserve                                       198          2,015                    (1,967)                 246
            Labour union and employee education expenses        1,867          1,436                    (1,317)               1,986
            Total                                               8,297        41,429                    (38,854)              10,872
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                            245
Annual Report 2020



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(ii)    Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                           2020
                                                                                                  Payment/
                                                                 Beginning          Charge      Transfers in         Ending
                                                                   balance     for the year        the year         balance
        Basic retirement security                                        69            1,449           (1,388)           130
        Supplementary pension                                           610            1,916           (1,438)         1,088
        Unemployment insurance                                           20               45              (43)            22
        Total                                                           699            3,410           (2,869)         1,240

                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                    Payment/
                                                                  Beginning           Charge      Transfers in        Ending
                                                                    balance      for the year        the year        balance
        Basic retirement security                                         65           2,246           (2,242)            69
        Supplementary pension                                             43           1,661           (1,094)           610
        Unemployment insurance                                            21              59              (60)            20
        Total                                                           129            3,966           (3,396)           699



        Defined contribution pension schemes
        In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
        the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
        December 2020, the Group’s contributions to the schemes are determined by local governments and vary at a range
        of 12% to 16% (2019: 12% to 16%) of the staff salaries.
        In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
        plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
        PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
        on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2019: 0% to 8.33%).
        For its employees outside Mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
        funding rates determined in accordance with the local practise and regulations.


(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                                           2020
                                                                 Beginning          Charge        Payment in         Ending
                                                                   balance     for the year          the year       balance
        Cash settled share-based transactions                             67              30              (30)            67

                                                                                           2019
                                                                  Beginning           Charge       Payment in         Ending
                                                                    balance      for the year         the year       balance
        Cash settled share-based transactions                             49              54              (36)            67

        As at 31 December 2020, the Group has offered 10 phases of H share Appreciation Rights Scheme to its senior
        management (“the Scheme”). The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 2 years or 3 years from the
        grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years or 8 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
        linked to one H-share.
246   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the scheme are listed below:
                                                                                       Number of
                                                                               unexercised share                                          Contract period of
                                                                              appreciation rights                                         share appreciation
                                                                              at the end of 2020       Exercise conditions                             rights
                                                                                      (in millions)
              Share appreciation rights granted on 7 Jul 2014 (Phase VII)                   0.275      3 years after the grant date                 10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 22 Jul 2015 (Phase VIII)                 0.743      3 years after the grant date                 10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                   0.802      3 years after the grant date                 10 years
              Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                    1.050      3 years after the grant date                 10 years


      (2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                                2020                                  2019
                                                                                                 Number                                          Number
                                                                                 Weighted       of share                   Weighted              of share
                                                                                   average appreciation                       average        appreciation
                                                                              exercise price       rights               exercise price              rights
                                                                                      (HKD)  (in million)                       (HKD)         (in million)
              Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                                 18.57                4.14               19.00                5.86
              Exercised during the year                                                   14.90               (1.27)              15.02               (1.72)
              Outstanding at the end of the year                                          18.34                2.87               18.57                4.14
              Exercisable at the end of the year                                          16.05                1.34               13.80                1.08

              The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2020 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD18.34
              (2019: HKD18.57) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 5.55 years (2019: 6.26 years).
              Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
              into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                              247
Annual Report 2020



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
(3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
        The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
        fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
        is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual lives of the rights are used as an input of the model.
                                                                                               2020
                                                                    Phase VII       Phase VIII             Phase IX      Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)                         29.03            22.81               22.91         17.05
        Share price (in HKD)                                             48.5             48.5                48.5          48.5
        Exercise price (in HKD)                                          8.94            16.09               14.66         25.20
        Expected volatility                                           36.10%           36.10%              36.10%        36.10%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)                            3.50             4.58                5.67          6.67
        Expected dividends rate                                        3.51%            3.51%               3.51%         3.51%
        Risk-free interest rate                                        1.43%            1.43%               1.43%         1.43%

                                                                                       2019
                                                      Phase V      Phase VI     Phase VII     Phase VIII      Phase IX   Phase X
        Fair value at measurement date (in RMB)         25.44        23.93        22.91          16.74           17.09     11.23
        Share price (in HKD)                             40.6         40.6         40.6           40.6            40.6      40.6
        Exercise price (in HKD)                          9.63        10.19        10.26          17.41           15.98     26.52
        Expected volatility                           26.68%       26.68%       26.68%         26.68%          26.68%    26.68%
        Share appreciation rights life (year)            2.33         3.42         4.50           5.58            6.67      7.67
        Expected dividends rate                        3.24%        3.24%        3.24%          3.24%           3.24%     3.24%
        Risk-free interest rate                        1.43%        1.43%        1.43%          1.43%           1.43%     1.43%

        The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
        life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
        available information. Expected dividend rate is based on historical dividend rates. Changes in the subjective input
        assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
        Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
        the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
        share appreciation rights granted.
248   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted to members of senior management:
                                                                                                  2020
                                               Phase VII          Phase VIII           Phase IX              Phase X               Total            Exercised
                                         (in thousands)      (in thousands)      (in thousands)       (in thousands)      (in thousands)      (in thousands)
              Li Hao                                    –                   –                   –                    –                   –               2,131
              Tang Zhi Hong                             –                   –                   –                    –                   –               1,903
              Tian Hui Yu                             225                 300                 300                  330               1,155                  75
              Liu Jian Jun                              –                  52                 158                  240                 450                 420
              Wang Liang                                –                 157                 210                  240                 607                 203
              Xu Shi Qing                              50                 180                   –                    –                 230                 100
              Xiong Liang Jun                           –                  52                 135                  240                 427                 233
              Total                                   275                 741                 803                1,050               2,869               5,065

                                                                                              2019
                                      Phase V        Phase VI        Phase VII      Phase VIII        Phase IX        Phase X           Total        Exercised
                                           (in            (in              (in            (in              (in             (in            (in               (in
                                   thousands)      thousands)      thousands)      thousands)       thousands)     thousands)      thousands)      thousands)
              Li Hao                         –               –               –               –               –               –               –           2,131
              Tang Zhi Hong                 46              92             158             210             210             240             956             947
              Tian Hui Yu                    –               –             225             300             300             330           1,155              75
              Liu Jian Jun                   –               –              53             105             158             240             556             314
              Wang Liang                     –               –              38             157             210             240             645             165
              Xu Shi Qing                    –               –             150             180               –               –             330               –
              Xiong Liang Jun                –               –               –             105             157             240             502             158
              Total                         46              92             624           1,057           1,035           1,290           4,144           3,790

              Note:   In 2020, senior management had exercised 1.27 million shares of appreciation rights (2019: 1.72 million) and the weighted average exercise
                      price is HKD14.90 (2019: HKD15.02).




      (b)     Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
              The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
              defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension section. The contributions of the plan are determined based
              on periodic valuations by qualified actuaries of the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
              on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
              The latest actuarial valuation of the plan was performed in accordance with IAS 19 issued by the IASB as at 31
              December 2020 by Willis Towers Watson Limited, a professional actuarial firm. The present values of the defined
              benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
              the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 118% (2019: 106%).
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                          249
Annual Report 2020



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
      The amounts recognised in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 are analysed as follows:
                                                                                               2020                   2019
      Fair value of the plan assets                                                             401                    385
      Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (341)                  (363)
      Net asset recognised in the statement of financial position                                60                     22

      A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
      to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
      also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
      contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2021.
      There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                               2020                   2019
      Current service cost                                                                      (12)                   (11)
      Net interest income                                                                         –                      1
      Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                             (12)                   (10)

      The actual gain on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB64 million (2019: RMB47 million).
      The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2020                   2019
      Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  363                    326
      Current service cost                                                                       12                     11
      Interest cost                                                                               6                      6
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (25)                   (26)
      Actuarial profit or losses due to liability experience                                      2                     10
      Actuarial profit or losses due to financial assumption changes                              5                     29
      Actuarial gain or losses due to demographic assumption changes                              –                      –
      Exchange difference                                                                       (22)                     7
      Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          341                    363

      The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                               2020                   2019
      Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                385                    357
      Interest income                                                                             6                      7
      Expected return on plan assets                                                             58                     40
      Actual benefits paid                                                                      (25)                   (26)
      Exchange difference                                                                       (23)                     7
      Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              401                    385
250   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)   Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
            The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:
                                                                                2020                          2019
                                                                         Amount               %        Amount              %
            Equities                                                         259            64.5            238          61.8
            Bonds                                                             64            16.0             73          19.0
            Cash                                                              78            19.5             74          19.2
            Total                                                            401           100.0            385         100.0

            Deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB65 million (2019: RMB57 million).
            The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                                      %                    %
            Discount rate
              – Defined benefit scheme                                                                0.4                 1.6
              – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                        0.1                 1.7
            Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                    5.0                 6.0
            Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  –                   –

            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, there is no significant change of the amount in the liabilities of the retirement
            benefit plan due to the above mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                    2020                 2019
            Corporate income tax                                                                   13,907              13,909
            Value added tax                                                                         3,347               3,057
            Others                                                                                  1,394               2,103
            Total                                                                                  18,648              19,069
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                          251
Annual Report 2020



41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                 2020                2019
      Credit card points                                                                         5,309              5,262
      Other deferred fee and commission income                                                   1,520              1,226
      Total                                                                                      6,829              6,488




42. Provisions
                                                                                                 2020                2019
      Expected credit loss provisions                                                            7,236              5,116
      Other                                                                                        993                993
      Total                                                                                      8,229              6,109

      The expected credit loss provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                          2020
                                                                                  –Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                 –Stage 1          ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                               (12-month            credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                     ECL)       impaired)        impaired)          Total
      Expected credit loss provisions                               5,560            1,073               603        7,236

                                                                                          2019
                                                                                  –Stage 2
                                                                                  (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                 –Stage 1          ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                               (12-month             credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                     ECL)        impaired)         impaired)         Total
      Expected credit loss provisions                               3,396            1,307               413        5,116
252   China Merchants Bank                  IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      43. Debt securities issued
                                                                                                                 Notes                                  2020                              2019
            Subordinated notes issued                                                                               (a)                            34,302                            34,469
            Long-term debt securities issued                                                                        (b)                           146,559                           165,602
            Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit                                                                                          144,816                           349,284
            Certificates of deposit issued                                                                                                         18,479                            26,007
            Interest payable                                                                                                                        1,985                             2,829
            Total                                                                                                                                 346,141                           578,191



      (a)   Subordinated notes issued
            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated notes issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Discount or
                              Term to      Date of                                        Nominal          Beginning                 Issue          premium          Repayment
            Debt type         maturity     issuance       Annual interest rate              value             balance      during the year      amortisation     during the year    Ending balance
                                                          (%)                          (in million)   (RMB in million)    (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)
            Fixed rate bond   180 months   28 Dec 2012 5.20                            RMB11,700              11,693                    –                  1                  –            11,694
            Fixed rate bond   120 months   15 Nov 2018 4.65                            RMB20,000              19,993                    –                  2                  –            19,995
            Total                                                                                             31,686                    –                  3                  –            31,689

            As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated note issued by CMB WLB was as follows:
                                                                                                                              Discount or
                              Term to      Date of                                        Nominal          Beginning             premium           Exchange          Repayment
            Debt type         maturity     issuance       Annual interest rate              value             balance        amortisation         difference     during the year    Ending balance
                                                          (%)                          (in million)   (RMB in million)    (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)
            Fixed to floating 120 months   22 Nov 2017 3.75 (for the first 5 years);     USD400                 2,783                   –               (170)                 –              2,613
               rate notes                                T*+1.75% (from 6 year
                                                         onwards, if the notes are
                                                         not called by the Bank)
            Total                                                                                               2,783                   –               (170)                 –              2,613

            *   T represents the 5 years US Treasury rate.
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                   253
Annual Report 2020



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued
      As at the end of reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                Issue     Discount or                   Repayment
                                     Term to     Date of       Annual             Nominal      Beginning       during        premium      Exchange           during     Ending
      Debt type                      maturity    issuance      interest rate        value        balance     the year    amortisation     difference      the year     balance
                                                                                                 (RMB in     (RMB in          (RMB in       (RMB in        (RMB in     (RMB in
                                                               (%)              (in million)      million)    million)         million)      million)       million)    million)
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   22 May 2017   4.20             RMB18,000         17,991           –                 9            –        (18,000)          –
      Medium term note               36 months   12 Jun 2017   3M Libor+0.825     USD800           5,579           –                 –           80         (5,659)          –
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   14 Sep 2017   4.30             RMB12,000         11,994           –                 6            –        (12,000)          –
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   17 Aug 2018   3.95             RMB30,000         29,973           –                10            –              –      29,983
      Medium term note (note(i))     36 months   12 Jun 2019   0.25               EUR300           2,341           –                (1)          71              –       2,411
      Medium term note               36 months   19 Jun 2019   3M Libor+0.74      USD600           4,173           –                (5)        (248)             –       3,920
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   5 Jul 2019    3.45             RMB30,000         29,990           –                 1            –              –      29,991
      Medium term note               33 months   4 Sep 2019    3M Libor+0.74       USD60             418           –                 –          (26)             –         392
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   24 Sep 2019   3.33             RMB20,000         19,994           –                 2            –              –      19,996
      Medium term note (note (ii))   36 months   25 Sep 2020   1.10               USD400               –       2,718                 –         (108)             –       2,610
      Medium term note (note(iii))   36 months   25 Sep 2020   0.25               USD300               –       2,039                (2)         (82)             –       1,955
      Fixed rate bond                36 months   6 Nov 2020    3.48             RMB10,000              –      10,000                (2)           –              –       9,998
      Total                                                                                     122,453       14,757                18         (313)       (35,659)    101,256

      Notes:

      (i)         CMB WLB holds financial bonds issued by the Bank amounted to EUR 37 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB293 million (31
                  December 2019: EUR 37 million, equivalent to RMB285 million).

      (ii)        CMB WLB holds financial bonds issued by the Bank amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB196 million (31
                  December 2019: nil).

      (iii)       CMB WLB holds financial bonds issued by the Bank amounted to USD30 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB196 million (31
                  December 2019: nil).
254   China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)   Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFLC were as follows:
                                                                                                                      Issue     Discount or                   Repayment
                                           Term to      Date of       Annual            Nominal      Beginning       during        premium      Exchange           during     Ending
            Debt type                      maturity     issuance      interest rate       value        balance     the year    amortisation     difference      the year     balance
                                                                                                       (RMB in     (RMB in          (RMB in       (RMB in        (RMB in     (RMB in
                                                                      (%)             (in million)      million)    million)         million)      million)       million)    million)
            Fixed rate bond                60 months    29 Nov 2016   3.25              USD900           6,268           –                 7         (402)             –       5,873
            Fixed rate bond                36 months    15 Mar 2017   4.50            RMB4,000           3,999           –                 1            –         (4,000)          –
            Fixed rate bond (note (i))     36 months    5 Jul 2017    4.80            RMB1,500           1,499           –                 1            –         (1,500)          –
            Fixed rate bond (note (ii))    36 months    20 Jul 2017   4.89            RMB2,500           2,499           –                 1            –         (2,500)          –
            Fixed rate bond                36 months    3 Aug 2017    4.60            RMB2,000           1,999           –                 1            –         (2,000)          –
            Fixed rate bond (note (iii))   36 months    14 Mar 2018   5.24            RMB4,000           3,995           –                 4            –              –       3,999
            Fixed rate bond (note (iv))    36 months    9 May 2018    4.80            RMB4,000           3,995           –                 4            –              –       3,999
            Fixed rate bond                36 months    16 Jul 2018   4.50            RMB4,000           3,994           –                 4            –              –       3,998
            Fixed rate bond (note (v))     36 months    14 Mar 2019   3.50            RMB1,500           1,497           –                 1            –              –       1,498
            Fixed rate bond (note (vi))    60 months    14 Mar 2019   4.00             RMB500              499           –                 –            –              –         499
            Fixed rate bond                36 months    28 May 2019   3.68            RMB3,000           2,993           –                 3            –              –       2,996
            Fixed rate bond (note (vii))   60 months    25 Jun 2019   3.12              USD900           6,231           –                10         (398)             –       5,843
            Fixed rate bond (note (vii))   120 months   25 Jun 2019   3.69              USD100             692           –                 1          (45)             –         648
            Fixed rate bond                36 months    17 Jul 2019   3.60            RMB3,000           2,992           –                 3            –              –       2,995
            Fixed rate bond                12 months    22 Nov 2019   2.72               USD50             349           –                 –          (22)          (327)          –
            Fixed rate bond (note (ix))    12 months    17 Apr 2020   1.73               USD40               –         283                 1          (23)             –         261
            Fixed rate bond                120 months   14 Jul 2020   4.25            RMB2,000               –       1,991                 1            –              –       1,992
            Fixed rate bond (note (x))     60 months    12 Aug 2020   1.88              USD800               –       5,463                 2         (261)             –       5,204
            Fixed rate bond                120 months   12 Aug 2020   2.75              USD400               –       2,717                 1         (130)             –       2,588
            Fixed rate bond (note (xi))    36 months    17 Nov 2020   3.85            RMB4,000               –       3,989                 –            –              –       3,989
            Fixed rate bond                12 months    28 Dec 2020   1.50               USD20               –         131                 –            –              –         131
            Total                                                                                       43,501      14,574                46       (1,281)       (10,327)    46,513

            Notes:

            (i)          The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to nil as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB300 million).

            (ii)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to nil as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB200 million).

            (iii)        The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to RMB260 million as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB260
                         million).

            (iv)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to RMB140 million as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB140
                         million).

            (v)          The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to nil as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB300 million).

            (vi)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to nil as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB100 million).

            (vii)        The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD98 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB639 million (31
                         December 2019: USD50 million, equivalent to RMB348 million); CMB WLB holds this financial bonds amounted to USD30 million as of 31
                         December 2020, equivalent to RMB196 million (31 December 2019: USD30 million, equivalent to RMB209 million).

            (viii)       The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD43 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB282 million (31
                         December 2019: USD43 million, equivalent to RMB300 million).

            (ix)         CMB WLB holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD40 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB261 million (31
                         December 2019: nil).

            (x)          CMB WLB holds financial bonds issued by CMBIL amounted to USD32 million as of 31 December 2020, equivalent to RMB209 million (31
                         December 2019: nil).

            (xi)         The Bank holds financial bonds issued by CMBFLC amounted to RMB500 million as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: nil).
China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                               255
Annual Report 2020



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)   Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
      As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBI were as follows:
                                                                                                                                    Discount or
                        Term to     Date of                                  Nominal          Beginning                Issue           premium             Exchange              Ending
      Debt type         maturity    issuance     Annual interest rate          value             balance     during the year       amortisation           difference            balance
                                                 (%)                      (in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)    (RMB in million)     (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)
      Fixed rate bond   36 months   9 Jul 2018   3.72                       USD300                 2,090                  –                   –                 (128)             1,962
      Total                                                                                        2,090                  –                   –                 (128)             1,962




44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                           2020                                2019
      Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                                 22,557                                9,971
      Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                                    31,200                               22,000
      Insurance liabilities                                                                                                             2,021                                1,931
      Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                                 3,610                                2,046
      Continuing involvement liability                                                                                                  3,128                                  987
      Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                    127                                   49
      Others                                                                                                                           41,812                               40,194
      Total                                                                                                                          104,455                                77,178

      Note:       Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ (excluding senior management of the Bank) annual remunerations of
                  which the payments are delayed for the purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and
                  risk management results, taking into account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp
                  deterioration of risk profiles and profitability, the occurrence legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory
                  authorities, the relevant employees will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.




45. Share capital
      By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                                               2020 and 2019
                                                                                                                                                                 No. of shares
                                                                                                                                                                   (in million)
      Listed shares
         – A-Shares                                                                                                                                                         20,629
         – H-Shares                                                                                                                                                          4,591
      Total                                                                                                                                                                 25,220

      All H-Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A-Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.
                                                                                                                                                   Capital
                                                                                                                               No. of shares                              Amount
                                                                                                                                 (in million)
      At 1 January 2020 and at 31 December 2020                                                                                        25,220                               25,220
256   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      46. Other equity instruments
      (a)   Preference Shares
                                                                                                                                  2020 and 2019
                                                                                                                                 No.
                                                                                                                 (millions of shares)                        Amount
            Issuance of Offshore Preference Shares in 2017 (note (i))                                                                 50                       6,597
            Issuance of Domestic Preference Shares in 2017 (note (ii))                                                               275                      27,468
            Total                                                                                                                    325                      34,065

            Notes：

            (i)      Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Offshore Preference Shares
                     in the aggregate par value of USD1,000 million on 25 October 2017. Each Offshore Preference Share has a par value of USD20 and 50 million
                     Offshore Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.40% and is subsequently subject to reset per agreement, but not
                     exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Offshore Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash, which shall be priced and announced in RMB. Save for
                     such dividend at the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution
                     of the remaining profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative.
                     The Bank shall be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event
                     that the Bank cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders
                     of Ordinary Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of
                     full dividend payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will
                     not distribute the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.

                     The Offshore Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
                     satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Offshore Preference Shares
                     may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
                     Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
                     will be redeemed.

            (ii)     Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant authorities in China, the Bank issued the US Dollar settled non-cumulative Domestic Preference
                     Shares in the aggregate par value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a par value of RMB100
                     and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The initial dividend rate is 4.81% and is subsequently subject to reset per
                     agreement, but shall not exceed 16.68%. Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid out by cash. Save for such dividend at
                     the agreed dividend pay-out ratio, the holders of the above Preference Shares shall not be entitled to share in the distribution of the remaining
                     profits of the Bank together with the holders of the ordinary shares. The dividends on preference shares are non-cumulative. The Bank shall
                     be entitled to cancel any dividend on the Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed a default. In the event that the Bank
                     cancels the distribution of part or all of the dividends on the Preference Shares, the Bank will not distribute any profit to holders of Ordinary
                     Shares during the period from the date when the shareholders’ general meeting adopts relevant resolution to the restoration of full dividend
                     payment to the holders of Preference Shares. The dividends on the preference shares are non-cumulative, that is, the Bank will not distribute
                     the dividends that be cancelled in prior years to preference shares holders.

                     The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, until five years or longer since the issuance ending date, subject to the
                     satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, all or part of the Domestic Preference Shares
                     may be redeemed at the discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem Preference Shares. The holders of
                     Preference Shares do not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that the Preference Shares
                     will be redeemed.

                     The domestic and offshore preference shares have conditions of events triggering mandatory conversion as follows:

                     (1)      Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                              to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders of Preference Shares, part or all
                              of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of the Preference Shares in
                              order to restore the Core Tier- 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In case of partial conversion, the Preference
                              Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

                     (2)      Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the approval of the holders
                              of Preference Shares, all of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total par value of
                              the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event means the earlier of the following events: 1) the China Banking and Insurance
                              Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”) having concluded that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable,
                              and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank
                              would become non-viable.

                     Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the CBIRC for review and determination and shall
                     fulfill the relevant information disclosure obligations of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s laws and regulations such as making
                     provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                             257
Annual Report 2020



46. Other equity instruments (continued)
(b)   Perpetual Debt Capital
                                                      01 January 2020                              Increase                        31 December 2020
                                                         No.                                    No.                                     No.
                                                   (millions                              (millions                               (millions
                                                  of shares)            Amount           of shares)            Amount            of shares)            Amount
      Issuance of Perpetual Debt
         Capital in 2020 (note (i))                          –                   –               500             49,989                  500            49,989
      Total                                                  –                   –               500             49,989                  500            49,989

      Note:

      (i)     With the approval of the relevant Chinese regulatory authorities, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
              Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Bonds”) in the national inter-bank bond market on July 9, 2020. The unit face value
              is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period will be every 5 years from the issuance of the Bonds. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the
              coupon rate of the Bonds will be made at a prescribed fixed coupon rate. The Bonds will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank’s
              business continues to operate.

              From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole or part of the Bonds on the annual
              interest payment date (including the interest payment date of the fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the CBIRC and
              the satisfaction of the redemption preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result of an
              unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has right to redeem the whole but not part of the Bonds. The
              investors do not have the right to sell back the Bonds to the Bank during the bond term.

              The claims in respect of the Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior
              to the Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of
              any other additional Tier-1 capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Bonds.

              The coupon rate will be reset on each Benchmark Rate Reset Date (i.e., the date of every five years from the Payment Settlement Date, which
              is July 9, 2020). The adjusted coupon rate will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus the fixed spread as
              determined at the issuance. The Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the
              right to cancel, in whole or in part, distributions on the Bonds and any such cancellation does not constitute an event of default. The Bank will
              fully consider the interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank is free to use the cancelled bond interest for the current period
              to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Bonds, no matter in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction
              on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shares.




47. Capital reserve
      Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank and can be used to issue shares with the
      shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                                                             2020                          2019
      At 1 January and 31 December                                                                                        67,523                        67,523




48. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                                                             2020                          2019
      Debt instruments measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income: investment revaluation reserve                                                                4,281                         5,954
      Fair value gain on equity instruments measured at
        fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                       3,064                         2,609
      Remeasurement of defined benefit liability                                                                               73                            30
      Equity-accounted investees share of other comprehensive income                                                          789                           326
      Total                                                                                                                 8,207                         8,919




49. Hedging reserve
      The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
      instruments used in cash flow hedges subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow in accordance with the
      accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).
258   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      50. Surplus reserve
            Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
            Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of
            the audited profit after tax of the Bank. Surplus reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or capitalised as
            paid-up capital with the approval of shareholders.
                                                                                                      2020                  2019
            At 1 January                                                                            62,291                53,682
            Provided for the year                                                                    8,867                 8,609
            At 31 December                                                                          71,158                62,291




      51. Regulatory general reserve
            Pursuant to relevant regulatory notices, the Bank and the Group’s financial services subsidiaries are required to set
            aside a general reserve from profit after tax up to a certain percentage of the ending balance of gross risk-bearing
            assets to cover potential losses. The Bank and the Group’s financial services subsidiaries have complied with the
            requirements as of 31 December 2020.
                                                                                                      2020                  2019
            At 1 January                                                                            90,151                78,542
            Provided for the year                                                                    7,931                11,609
            At 31 December                                                                          98,082                90,151




      52. Profit appropriations
      (a)   Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                      2020                  2019
            Dividends in 2019, approved and to be declared RMB1.20 per shares                       30,264                      –
            Dividends in 2018, approved and to be declared RMB0.94 per shares                             –               23,707



      (b)   Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                      2020                  2019
            Statutory surplus reserve                                                                 8,867                8,609
            Regulatory general reserve                                                                7,931               11,609
            Dividends
              – cash dividend: RMB1.25 per shares (2019: RMB1.20 per shares)                        31,601                30,264
            Total                                                                                   48,399                50,482

            2020 dividends profit appropriation is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the
            Board of Directors held on 19 March 2021 and will be submitted to the 2020 annual general meeting for approval.



      53. Exchange reserve
            Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the consolidated financial
            statements of operations outside Mainland China.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                              259
Annual Report 2020



54. The Bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    Bank’s reserves
                                                                              2020        2019
      Assets
      Cash                                                                   12,547      14,356
      Precious metals                                                         7,873       4,006
      Balances with central banks                                           508,385     549,969
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   73,318      73,472
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                217,325     304,396
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                  282,240     103,740
      Loans and advances to customers                                     4,510,864   3,968,513
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 451,978     378,242
      Derivative financial assets                                            46,526      23,769
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                  1,047,040     920,575
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income     449,428     416,181
      Equity investments designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                  6,693       5,430
      Investments in subsidiaries                                           49,495      49,495
      Interest in joint ventures                                             7,630       6,091
      Investment properties                                                  1,057       1,203
      Property and equipment                                                26,300      25,565
      Right-of-use assets                                                   18,200      19,078
      Intangible assets                                                      3,961       3,752
      Deferred tax assets                                                   71,043      63,663
      Other assets                                                          74,233      28,736
      Total assets                                                        7,866,136   6,960,232
      Liabilities
      Borrowing from central banks                                          331,622     358,728
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  699,161     541,745
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 59,494      73,880
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             36,600      32,922
      Derivative financial liabilities                                       49,624      22,911
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                              126,673      55,455
      Deposits from customers                                             5,443,144   4,660,232
      Salaries and welfare payable                                           12,194       9,581
      Tax payable                                                            17,205      17,655
      Contract liabilities                                                    6,829       6,488
      Lease liabilities                                                      13,468      13,632
      Provision                                                               8,201       6,061
      Debt securities issued                                                291,246     527,986
      Other liabilities                                                      86,218      54,604
      Total liabilities                                                   7,181,679   6,381,880
      Equity
      Share capital                                                         25,220      25,220
      Other equity instruments                                              84,054      34,065
      Capital reserve                                                       76,681      76,681
      Investment revaluation reserve                                         7,951       8,676
      Hedging reserve                                                          (26)        (26)
      Surplus reserve                                                       71,158      62,291
      Regulatory general reserve                                            94,067      85,820
      Retained profits                                                     293,523     255,155
      Proposed profit appropriations                                        31,601      30,264
      Exchange reserve                                                         228         206
      Total equity                                                         684,457     578,352
      Total equity and liabilities                                        7,866,136   6,960,232
260   China Merchants Bank                      IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      54. The Bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          Bank’s reserves (continued)
            The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity
            is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Bank’s reserves are as
            follows.
                                                         Other equity instruments
                                                                                    Investment                         Regulatory                Proposed
                                                 Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging      Surplus      general Retained          profit Exchange
                                                capital    shares    bonds reserve      reserve reserve      reserve      reserve   profits appropriations   reserve   Subtotal
            At 1 January 2020                   25,220       34,065           –     76,681   8,676    (26)   62,291       85,820   255,155          30,264       206   578,352
            Changes in equity for the year           –            –      49,989          –   (725)      –     8,867        8,247    38,368           1,337        22   106,105
            Net profit for the year                  –            –           –          –       –      –          –           –    88,674               –         –    88,674
            Other comprehensive
              (expense)/income for the year          –            –           –          –   (665)      –          –           –          –              –        22       (643)
            Total comprehensive
              (expense)/income for the year          –            –           –          –   (665)      –          –           –    88,674               –        22    88,031
            Issue of perpetual debt capital          –            –      49,989          –       –      –         –            –          –              –         –     49,989
            Profit appropriations                    –            –           –          –       –      –     8,867        8,247    (50,366)         1,337         –    (31,915)
            Appropriations to statutory
               surplus reserve                       –            –           –          –       –      –     8,867            –     (8,867)             –         –          –
            Appropriations to regulatory
               general reserve                       –            –           –          –       –      –          –       8,247     (8,247)             –         –          –
            Dividends paid for the year 2019         –            –           –          –       –      –          –           –          –        (30,264)        –    (30,264)
            Proposed dividends for the
               year 2020                             –            –           –          –       –      –          –           –    (31,601)        31,601         –          –
            Dividends paid for
               preference shares                     –            –           –          –       –      –          –           –     (1,651)             –         –     (1,651)
            Transfers within equity upon
               disposal of equity Instruments
               designated at FVTOCI                  –            –           –          –     (60)     –          –           –        60               –         –          –
            At 31 December 2020                 25,220       34,065      49,989     76,681   7,951    (26)   71,158       94,067   293,523          31,601       228   684,457
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                      261
Annual Report 2020



54. The Bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    Bank’s reserves (continued)
                                                             Other
                                                             equity
                                                       instruments
                                                                                Investment                         Regulatory                      Proposed
                                              Share     Preference    Capital   revaluation   Hedging    Surplus      general   Retained              profit   Exchange
                                             capital        shares    reserve       reserve    reserve   reserve      reserve     profits     appropriations     reserve   Subtotal
      At 1 January 2019                      25,220        34,065     76,681         5,540        (27)   53,682       75,818    219,622              23,707         155    514,463
      Changes in equity for the year              –              –         –         3,136          1     8,609       10,002     35,533               6,557          51     63,889
      Net profit for the year                     –              –         –             –          –         –            –     86,085                   –           –     86,085
      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                              –              –         –         3,129          1         –            –           –                  –          51      3,181
      Total comprehensive income
        for the year                              –              –         –         3,129          1         –            –     86,085                   –          51     89,266
      Profit appropriations                       –              –         –             –          –     8,609       10,002    (50,545)              6,557           –    (25,377)
      Appropriations to statutory
        surplus reserve                           –              –         –             –          –     8,609            –      (8,609)                 –           –          –
      Appropriations to regulatory
        general reserve                           –              –         –             –          –         –       10,002    (10,002)                  –           –          –
      Dividends paid for the year 2018            –              –         –             –          –         –            –          –             (23,707)          –    (23,707)
      Proposed dividends for
        the year 2019                             –              –         –             –          –         –            –    (30,264)             30,264           –          –
      Dividends paid for
        preference shares                         –              –         –             –          –         –            –      (1,670)                 –           –     (1,670)
      Transfers within equity upon
        disposal of equity Instruments
        designated at FVTOCI                      –              –         –             7          –         –            –          (7)                 –           –          –
      At 31 December 2019                    25,220        34,065     76,681         8,676        (26)   62,291       85,820    255,155              30,264         206    578,352




55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement
(a)   Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
      original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                            2020                           2019
      Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                           37,496                             90,383
      Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                            83,688                             61,260
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                        111,706                            227,606
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                          282,867                            103,633
      Debt securities investments                                                                                                    37,033                            106,793
      Total                                                                                                                         552,790                            589,675
262   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement (continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
            changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
            consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.
                                                Negotiable
                                                 interbank      Certificates        Debt                               Other
                                                certificates     of deposit    securities   Interest   Dividend     financial         Lease
                                                 of deposit          issued       issued    payable     payable    liabilities    liabilities       Total
            At 1 January 2020                      349,284           26,774     209,271       2,829          26        9,325         14,379      611,888
            Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue             213,011           22,592       33,606          –           –       14,417              –       283,626
               Repayment                          (413,820)         (28,992)     (45,486)         –           –         (867)        (4,644)     (493,809)
               Interest/dividend paid              (10,670)               –            –     (8,820)    (32,321)           –              –       (51,811)
            Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities              –              –            –          –           –              –        3,911        3,911
               Accrued interest                            –              –            –      7,976           –              –          596        8,572
               Dividend declared                           –              –            –          –      32,321              –            –       32,321
               Discount or premium
                  amortisation                       7,042              (88)       (278)          –           –            –              –        6,676
               Fair value adjustments                    –               43         118           –           –          262              –          423
               Foreign exchange                        (31)          (1,245)     (2,517)          –           –          (90)             –       (3,883)
            At 31 December 2020                    144,816           19,084     194,714       1,985          26       23,047         14,242      397,914

                                                 Negotiable
                                                  interbank     Certificates        Debt                                Other
                                                 certificates    of deposit    securities   Interest   Dividend     financial          Lease
                                                  of deposit         issued       issued    payable     payable     liabilities    liabilities      Total
            At 1 January 2019                      245,406           29,343     160,174       2,599          26        2,879         12,807      453,234
            Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue             455,128           27,631       70,607          –           –        6,509              –       559,875
               Repayment                          (351,235)         (30,921)     (22,363)         –           –         (185)        (4,302)     (409,006)
               Interest/dividend paid               (9,921)               –            –     (7,416)    (25,673)           –              –       (43,010)
            Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities              –              –            –          –           –              –        5,317        5,317
               Accrued interest                            –              –            –      7,646           –              –          557        8,203
               Dividend declared                           –              –            –          –      25,673              –            –       25,673
               Discount or premium
                 amortisation                        9,897               70          18           –           –            –              –        9,985
               Fair value adjustments                    –               16          90           –           –          105              –          211
               Foreign exchange                          9              635         745           –           –           17              –        1,406
            At 31 December 2019                    349,284           26,774     209,271       2,829          26        9,325         14,379      611,888



      (c)   Significant non-cash transactions
            There are no significant non-cash transactions during the year.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             263
Annual Report 2020



56. Operating segments
      The Group’s principal activities are commercial lending and deposits taking. The funding of existing retail and
      corporate loans are mainly from customer deposits.
      The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business lines and
      geography.



(1)   Wholesale finance business
      The financial services for corporate clients, sovereigns, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit service,
      settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
      inter-bank business comprised of lending and buy-back, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
      services.



(2)   Retail finance business
      The provision of financial services to retail customers includes: lending and deposit taking activities, bank card
      business, wealth management services, private banking and other services.



(3)   Other business
      Other business includes: property leasing and businesses operated by subsidiaries other than CMB WLB, and
      associates and joint ventures. None of these segments meets any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segments
      division.
      For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
      income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
      expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
      account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
      costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
      As listed in Note (4), the accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting
      policies. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment
      transactions are offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2020 and 2019. Internal
      transactions are conducted at fair value.
264   China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                      Wholesale                       Retail
                                                                  financial business            financial business                Other business                    Total
                                                                      2020            2019         2020             2019           2020            2019         2020           2019
            External net interest income                           16,828          18,083      124,362        116,421            43,841        38,586        185,031        173,090
            Internal net interest income/(expense)                 65,461          57,697      (21,019)       (19,656)          (44,442)      (38,041)             –              –
            Net interest income                                    82,289          75,780      103,343            96,765           (601)            545      185,031        173,090
            Net fee and commission income                          24,017          21,246       51,426            46,724          4,043            3,523      79,486         71,493
            Other net income                                       15,723          14,806        1,519             1,227          5,639            7,449      22,881         23,482
            Operating income                                     122,029          111,832      156,288        144,716             9,081           11,517     287,398        268,065
            Operating expenses
             – Property, equipment and
                 investment properties depreciation                (1,722)         (1,578)      (2,653)            (2,368)       (3,340)          (2,433)     (7,715)        (6,379)
             – Right-of-use assets depreciation                    (1,722)         (1,730)      (2,484)            (2,473)         (210)            (161)     (4,416)        (4,364)
             – Others                                             (34,831)        (31,451)     (50,677)           (45,547)       (5,175)          (3,756)    (90,683)       (80,754)
            Reportable segment profit before
              impairment losses                                    83,754          77,073      100,474            94,328            356            5,167     184,584        176,568
            Expected credit losses and impairment
              losses on other assets                              (28,317)        (30,642)     (36,640)           (27,911)           (68)         (2,606)    (65,025)       (61,159)
            Share of profit of associates and
              joint ventures                                              –              –             –                –         2,881            1,723       2,881          1,723
            Reportable segment profit before tax                   55,437          46,431       63,834            66,417          3,169            4,284     122,440        117,132
            Capital expenditure (note(i))                           2,550           3,330        3,738             4,776         10,835           14,373      17,123         22,479



                                                                 Wholesale                         Retail
                                                             financial business              financial business                  Other business                     Total
                                                        31 December    31 December 31 December         31 December 31 December            31 December 31 December       31 December
                                                               2020           2019        2020                2019        2020                   2019        2020              2019
            Reportable segment assets                     4,489,868       3,194,551      2,617,109         2,307,439         1,163,007      1,831,826       8,269,984       7,333,816
            Reportable segment liabilities                4,477,918       3,737,661      2,075,680         1,846,913           995,621      1,147,923       7,549,219       6,732,497
            Interest in associates and joint ventures             –               –              –                 –            14,922         10,784          14,922          10,784

            Note:

            (i)        Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring long-term segment assets.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                 265
Annual Report 2020



56. Operating segments (continued)
(b)   Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
      and other material items
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                           2020              2019
      Total operating income for reportable segments                    287,398            268,065
      Total profit before income tax for reportable segments            122,440            117,132

                                                               31 December 2020   31 December 2019
      Assets
      Total assets for reportable segments                            8,269,984          7,333,816
      Goodwill                                                            9,954              9,954
      Intangible assets                                                     629                708
      Deferred tax assets                                                72,893             65,151
      Other unallocated assets                                            7,988              7,611
      Consolidated total assets                                       8,361,448          7,417,240
      Liabilities
      Total liabilities for reportable segments                       7,549,219          6,732,497
      Tax payable                                                        18,648             19,069
      Other unallocated liabilities                                      63,227             47,967
      Consolidated total liabilities                                  7,631,094          6,799,533
266   China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)   Geographical segments
            The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
            municipalities directly under the central government. The Group also has branches operation in Hong Kong, New
            York, Singapore, London, Sydney and Luxembourg, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Shanghai,
            Beijing and Luxembourg and representative offices in Beijing, New York and Taipei.
            In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
            location of the branches, subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
            allocated based on the geographical location of the underlying assets.
            To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
            –          “Headquarters” refers to the Group headquarters, special purpose vehicles at the branch level which are
                       directly under the headquarters, associates and joint ventures, including the headquarters and credit card
                       centres, etc.;
            –          “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                       province;
            –          “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches and representative offices in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality,
                       Shandong province and Hebei province;
            –          “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

            –          “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

            –          “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                       Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
            –          “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                       province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                       region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                       autonomous region;
            –          “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                       and representative offices in New York, and Taipei; and
            –          “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB,
                       CMBICHC, CMBFLC, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A. and CIGNA & CMAM, etc.
                                               Total assets                Total liabilities        Non-current assets       Profit before tax        Operating income
                                                                                                                  For the year For the year For the year For the year
                                                                                                                        ended        ended        ended        ended
            Geographical                 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
            information                         2020        2019        2020        2019        2020        2019         2020         2019         2020         2019
            Headquarter                    3,779,914     3,306,057      3,249,998       2,856,659    40,757         37,821    19,611         16,363   124,809     111,034
            Yangtze River Delta region     1,045,508       912,227      1,026,332         893,454     6,149          6,177    24,297         24,634    35,897      33,895
            Bohai Rim region                 640,583       582,344        625,403         570,647     4,525          4,701    19,829         15,809    28,261      27,124
            Pearl River Delta and
              West Coast region              896,144          795,968    871,249          778,866     4,263          4,556    21,606         21,657    32,588      31,591
            Northeast region                 165,961          150,072    164,666          147,584     1,790          2,006     1,854          3,271     5,785       5,998
            Central region                   513,998          457,081    504,742          449,597     4,132          4,344    12,227         10,282    18,040      16,995
            Western region                   517,523          444,856    508,471          436,575     4,150          4,692    11,611         10,880    18,321      17,361
            Overseas                         220,214          238,988    215,032          233,402     1,053          1,344     1,650          2,669     2,830       3,731
            Subsidiaries                     581,603          529,647    465,201          432,749    53,017         48,005     9,755         11,567    20,867      20,336
            Total                          8,361,448     7,417,240      7,631,094       6,799,533   119,836        113,646   122,440        117,132   287,398     268,065

            Note:      Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
                       assets, intangible assets, goodwill, etc.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                        267
Annual Report 2020



57. Assets pledged as security
      The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks liabilities under repurchase
      arrangements:
                                                                                               2020                2019
      Borrowing from central banks                                                           329,611            356,520
      Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                               142,881             63,107
      Subtotal                                                                               472,492            419,627
      Assets pledged
        – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               17,198             10,908
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                 342,142            229,202
        – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                   34,647             21,907
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                    120,238            280,999
      Total                                                                                  514,225            543,016

      The transactions under repurchase agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and customary to standard
      lending and securities borrowing and lending activities.



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
(a)   Credit commitments
      At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
      approved loans and credit card limits.
      The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
      parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
      expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
      The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
      The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amount reflected
      in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represents the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
      the end of the reporting period if counterparties defaulted.
                                                                                        2020
                                                                                 –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                                   –Stage 1       ECL-not       (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)           Total
      Irrevocable guarantees                                       212,580           508               265      213,353
      Of which: Financial guarantees                                95,914           399                 3       96,316
                  Non-financing letters of guarantees              116,666           109               262      117,037
      Irrevocable letters of credit                                120,748           241                 3      120,992
      Bills of acceptances                                         265,213         1,671               292      267,176
      Irrevocable loan commitments                                 206,524         3,132                45      209,701
         – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)     117,712           198                45      117,955
         – with an original maturity over 1 year                    88,812         2,934                 –       91,746
      Credit card commitments                                    1,128,152         6,468               113    1,134,733
      Others                                                       100,419             –                 –      100,419
      Total                                                      2,033,636        12,020               718    2,046,374
268   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (a)   Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                                2019
                                                                                        –Stage 2
                                                                                        (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                                         –Stage 1        ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month           credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                             ECL)      impaired)         impaired)          Total
            Irrevocable guarantees                                       200,021           1,129               277      201,427
            Of which: Financial guarantees                               101,477             951                 3      102,431
                        Non-financing letters of guarantees               98,544             178               274       98,996
            Irrevocable letters of credit                                 80,354             788                56       81,198
            Bills of acceptances                                         269,055           3,630                77      272,762
            Irrevocable loan commitments                                 187,404             334               284      188,022
               – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)     100,090             143                71      100,304
               – with an original maturity over 1 year                    87,314             191               213       87,718
            Credit card commitments                                      954,555           6,130               100      960,785
            Others                                                        75,119               –                 –       75,119
            Total                                                      1,766,508         12,011                794    1,779,313

            As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit includes sight letters of credit of RMB12,965
            million (31 December 2019: RMB9,368 million), usance letters of credit of RMB6,516 million (31 December 2019:
            RMB2,068 million), other commitments of RMB101,511 million (31 December 2019: RMB69,762 million).
            Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
            and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
            These contingent liabilities and commitments have off-balance sheet credit risk. Before the commitments are fulfilled
            or expired, management assesses and makes allowances for expected credit losses accordingly. As the facilities may
            expire without being drawn upon, the total of the contractual amounts is not representative of expected future cash
            outflows.
            Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB3,606,998 million at 31
            December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB2,829,535 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
            or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
            lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
            result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                       2020                2019
            Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                   470,782            444,075

            The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitment in accordance
            with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued by the CBIRC.
            The amount within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the internal rating-based
            approach, and the standardised approach is used to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based
            approach.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            269
Annual Report 2020



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(b)   Capital commitments
      Authorised capital commitments were as follows:
                                                                                               2020                  2019
      – Contracted for                                                                        12,851               16,947
      – Authorised but not contracted for                                                        294                  320
      Total                                                                                   13,145               17,267



(c)   Outstanding litigations
      At 31 December 2020, the Group was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with gross claims of RMB573
      million (2019: RMB778 million) arising from its banking activities. The Group considers that no material losses would
      be incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has been made in
      the consolidated financial statements.



(d)   Redemption obligations
      As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
      holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time
      before their maturity date is based on the coupon value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption
      date. Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules issued by the
      MOF and the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the
      redemption date.
      The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
      Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                               2020                  2019
      Redemption obligations                                                                  27,095               27,363

      The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
      Group will not be material.
270   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      59. Transactions on behalf of customers
      (a)   Entrusted lending business
            The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
            business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
            on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
            usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
            instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
            an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
            Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
            position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss as fee and commission income.
            At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                               2020                    2019
            Entrusted loans                                                                                264,107                 320,404
            Entrusted funds                                                                               (264,107)                (320,404)



      (b)   Wealth management services
            The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
            corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
            services are invested in investment products, including bonds, funds, and entrusted loans. The Group initiated
            the launch of wealth management products. The investment risk associated with these products is borne by the
            customers who invest in these products. The Group does not consolidate these wealth management products. The
            Group earns commission which represents the charges on customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales
            and management services.
            The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
            recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
            management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
            At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed
            wealth management services were as follows:
                                                                                                               2020                    2019
            Funds received from customers under wealth management services                               2,386,085               2,090,619

            Note:   Funds received from customers under wealth management services are the funds received from customers under unconsolidated
                    non-principal-guaranteed wealth management services.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                                271
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management
(a)   Credit risk
      Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
      obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
      industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
      same economic development, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
      The Group has designed its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify,
      evaluate and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed
      by the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work
      process and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
      With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
      Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions, including each
      business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout the entire
      credit process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring.
      With respect to the credit risk management of corporate financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
      guideline, and enhances credit acceptance and exit policies for corporate and institutional clients, and implements
      limit control measures to improve the quality of credit exposure.
      With respect to the credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group relies on credit assessment of
      applicants as the basis for loan approval. Customer relationship managers are required to assess the income level,
      credit history, and repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on
      borrowers’ repayment ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes
      overdue, the Group starts the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
      To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
      guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or credit risk offset. Collateral structures
      and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they can still cover the given risks and be consistent with
      market practices.
      In respect of loan classification, the Group adopts a risk based loan classification methodology. Currently, the Group
      categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis in order to refine internal risk classification management
      (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
      The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved
      in loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application,
      post-lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
      Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers are in the same business, located in the same
      geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their obligations
      may be affected by the same economic changes. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the sensitivity of
      the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of credit risk,
      the Group has formulated the quota limit management policy to monitor and analyse the loan portfolio.
      Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are stated in Note 22.
272   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (i)     Internal credit risk rating
              The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The Group classifies credit risk into 25 grades. The
              internal credit risk rating is based on the predicted default risk. Internal credit risk ratings are based on qualitative
              and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale business include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate,
              industry, etc. For customers of retail business include maturity, ageing, mortgage rate, etc.


      (ii)    Significant increase in credit risk
              As describe in Note 4, the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
              of a default occurring on the financial instrument and other items as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
              occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group
              considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note
              60(a)(i)), as well as internal warning signal, the result of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group
              regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are applicable to the current situation.
              For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
              the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating
              of the customer has met the standard of downgrading; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a
              certain level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
              For retail business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
              the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; or the customer has other
              significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
              For credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions are met:
              the 5-tier loan classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer has early credit
              risk warning signals; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group etc.
              The Group has provided deferred interest repayment or other arrangements for some debtors affected by COVID-19.
              But such arrangements would not be deemed to trigger the criteria of significant increase in the debtor’s credit
              risk automatically. The Group assessed whether such debtors’ credit risk has increased significantly based on the
              comprehensive analysis.
              A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
              capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
              business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
              cash flow obligations.
              For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable
              commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
              for impairment.
              The Group considers that a debt instrument has been credit impaired when its 5-tier loan classification is
              substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt instrument.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                                273
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(iv)    Incorporation of forward-looking information
        The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
        to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by external authoritative
        institutions and internal behavior data without undue cost or effort, such as industrial value added, balance of
        various loans of financial institutions, total social consumption, gross domestic product and internal overdue data,
        etc. Based on statistical analyzes and expert judgments, the Group determines the relationship between above-
        mentioned economic indicators and risk performance, the forecast of macroeconomic indicators, and the weighting
        of multiple forward-looking scenarios.
        Taking industrial value added and balance of various loan of financial institutions as examples, the Group refers to
        the forecasts issued by external authoritative institutions as the forecasts of baseline scenario, and refers to historical
        actual data as the forecast of optimistic and pessimistic scenarios. Details are as follows:
                                                                                                          Forecasts of baseline
        Indicators                                                                                  scenario used in ECL model
        industrial value added (year on year)                                                                              5.40%
        Balance of various loans of financial institutions (year on year)                                                 13.10%

        Combined with expert judgment, the Group set the weighting of multiple scenarios based on the principle of taking
        the baseline scenario as the main and the rest scenarios as a supplement. The weight of the baseline scenario of
        the Group as at December 31, 2020 is higher than the sum of the weights of other scenarios. According to the
        sensitivity test results of the Group, when the weight of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight
        of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount will decrease by approximately 1% compared to the
        current result. When the weight of the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of the benchmark
        scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount will increases by approximately 2.5% compared to the current result.
        The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
        expected credit loss (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit loss (stage 2 and stage 3).
        Through timely update of external data and introduction of internal risk indicators and other model optimization
        measures, the Group’s expected credit loss model as at 31 December 2020 has fully reflected the impact of the
        COVID-19 on the macroeconomic environment.


(v)     Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
        The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The model
        is grouped based on shared risk characteristics, and the primary grouping reference indicators include scale, business
        type and collateral type.


(vi)    Maximum exposure
        The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking account of any collateral held or other credit
        enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets (including derivatives) as disclosed in the
        consolidated statement of financial position and the irrevocable contract amount of the off balance sheet items
        disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December 2020, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure is
        RMB10,192,927 million (2019: RMB8,997,378 million).


(vii)   Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
        The carrying amount of loans and advances that were impaired and the terms been renegotiated was RMB24,878
        million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB25,022 million).
274   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (viii)   Credit quality of debt investments
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of debt investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                            2020                      2019
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                                     689                        856
               Impairment allowances                                                                                        (673)                      (835)
               Subtotal                                                                                                        16                        21
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                                      786,800                   627,660
               AA- to AA+                                                                                               237,947                    49,983
               A- to A+                                                                                                 388,554                   557,357
               Lower than A-                                                                                             78,267                    20,039
               Unrated                                                                                                  107,279                   118,117
               Impairment allowances                                                                                     (7,233)                   (3,700)
               Subtotal                                                                                              1,591,614                  1,369,456
               Total                                                                                                 1,591,630                  1,369,477

               Note:   Bonds issued by the governments, central banks and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB1,290,843 million (2019: RMB1,099,430
                       million) are included.




      (ix)     Collateral
               An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
               overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                                            2020                      2019
               Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements
                 held against – Loans and advances to customers                                                            7,358                      8,495



      (x)      Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
               Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                                                    2020
                                                                                                           –Stage 2
                                                                                                          (Lifetime           –Stage 3
                                                                                      –Stage 1              ECL-not          (Lifetime
                                                                                    (12-month                credit-        ECL-credit
                                                                                          ECL)           impaired)          impaired)                 Total
               Balance as at the beginning of the year                               4,088,065               80,141             52,565          4,220,771
               Net changes for the year                                                471,854               (8,929)             7,178            470,103
               Transfer to
                 – Stage 1                                                               10,882             (10,782)              (100)                  –
                 – Stage 2                                                              (31,708)             32,735             (1,027)                  –
                 – Stage 3                                                              (21,854)            (16,879)            38,733                   –
               Write-offs                                                                     –                   –            (43,734)            (43,734)
               Balance as at the end of the year                                     4,517,239               76,286             53,615          4,647,140
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                        275
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)   Credit risk (continued)
(x)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
      Loans and advances measured at amortised cost: (continued)
                                                                                        2019
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                               –Stage 1          ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                             (12-month             credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                   ECL)        impaired)        impaired)        Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                 3,610,711          90,942           53,611     3,755,264
      Net changes for the year                                  505,432          (8,476)             752       497,708
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                   26,138      (26,034)            (104)            –
        – Stage 2                                                  (39,048)      40,213           (1,165)            –
        – Stage 3                                                  (15,168)     (16,504)          31,672             –
      Write-offs                                                         –            –          (32,201)      (32,201)
      Balance as at the end of the year                       4,088,065          80,141           52,565     4,220,771

      Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                        2020
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime         –Stage 3
                                                               –Stage 1          ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                             (12-month            credit-      ECL-credit
                                                                   ECL)       impaired)        impaired)         Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                  916,206               580           4,681      921,467
      Net changes for the year                                 129,902               (29)         10,869      140,742
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                       –              –               –             –
        – Stage 2                                                    (420)           420               –             –
        – Stage 3                                                    (862)             –             862             –
      Write-offs                                                        –              –          (1,822)       (1,822)
      Balance as at the end of the year                       1,044,826              971          14,590     1,060,387

                                                                                        2019
                                                                                –Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        –Stage 3
                                                               –Stage 1          ECL-not         (Lifetime
                                                             (12-month             credit-     ECL-credit
                                                                   ECL)        impaired)        impaired)        Total
      Balance as at the beginning of the year                  906,028             1,037           4,283      911,348
      Net changes for the year                                  10,293              (456)            282       10,119
      Transfer to
        – Stage 1                                                        3             (3)             –             –
        – Stage 2                                                       (9)             9              –             –
        – Stage 3                                                     (109)            (7)           116             –
      Balance as at the end of the year                        916,206               580           4,681      921,467
276   China Merchants Bank                 IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (xi)   Credit quality of financial instruments
             The staging of credit risk of loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed
             in note 22 and note 23(b) respectively, the staging of credit risk of other financial instruments are as follows:
                                                                                                     31 December 2020
                                                                               Balance                                           Expected credit loss
                                                                         Stage 2                                                  Stage 2
                                                                       (Lifetime        Stage 3                                 (Lifetime        Stage 3
                                                          Stage 1       ECL-not       (Lifetime                    Stage 1       ECL-not       (Lifetime
                                                       (12-month          credit-    ECL-credit                 (12-month          credit-    ECL-credit
                                                             ECL)     impaired)      impaired)         Total          ECL)     impaired)      impaired)          Total
             Cash and Balances with central banks         538,206               –             –      538,206              –              –                 –         –
             Balances with banks and
               other financial institutions               103,437               –            11      103,448          (266)              –               (11)    (277)
             Placements with banks and
               other financial institutions               225,411          1,105             –       226,516          (345)            (31)             –        (376)
             Amounts held under resale agreements         286,739              –           140       286,879          (603)              –           (140)       (743)
             Debt investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                 509,767              14          526       510,307         (2,915)             –         (1,099)      (4,014)

                                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                               Balance                                            Expected credit loss
                                                                         Stage 2                                                  Stage 2
                                                                        (Lifetime       Stage 3                                  (Lifetime        Stage 3
                                                           Stage 1       ECL-not       (Lifetime                    Stage 1       ECL-not        (Lifetime
                                                        (12-month          credit-   ECL-credit                  (12-month          credit-    ECL-credit
                                                              ECL)     impaired)      impaired)         Total          ECL)     impaired)       impaired)        Total
             Cash and Balances with central banks         567,613               –             –      567,613              –              –                 –         –
             Balances with banks and
               other financial institutions               106,295               –            11      106,306          (361)              –               (11)    (372)
             Placements with banks and
               other financial institutions               306,656               –            –       306,656          (338)              –              –        (338)
             Amounts held under resale agreements         109,153               –          200       109,353          (196)              –           (200)       (396)
             Debt investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                 472,112              48          426       472,586         (1,667)            (5)          (928)      (2,600)

             Note:     The balance of the financial instrument disclosed above does not include interest receivable, and most of the corresponding interest receivable
                       is stage 1.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              277
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk
      Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s financial instruments will fluctuate and
      which may result in loss to the Group, because of changes in foreign exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price,
      stock price and other market factors. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors
      relevant to the Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading
      book and banking book. The financial instruments under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
      purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments are traded
      in active market. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group for
      stable and determinable return, or for the purposes of hedging the risks arising from the banking book position.
      The financial instruments under the banking book include both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet
      exposure, and have relative stable market value.


(i)   Foreign exchange risk
      Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
      currency and foreign currency derivative positions which may expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
      unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated
      in RMB, and the other currencies are mainly USD and HKD. The Group has established its foreign exchange
      risk management and governance framework based on segregation of duty principle, which segregates the
      responsibilities of the establishment, execution and supervision of foreign exchange risk. This framework specified
      the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of supervisors, senior management,
      designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management of foreign exchange risk. The
      Group takes a prudent strategy in the management of foreign exchange risk, and would not voluntarily take foreign
      exchange risk, which suits the current development of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk management
      policies and procedures of the Group fulfil the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the Group in the
      management of foreign exchange risk.


      (1)    Trading book
             The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which including exchange
             rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book for unified management. The structure,
             process and method of exchange rate risk of trading book are consistent with the interest rate risk of trading
             book.
             For management and risk measurement purpose, the Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure
             indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR, including interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity
             risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, cumulative
             loss index, the management method includes conducting business entitlement, setting quota limits, daily
             monitoring and continuous reporting, etc.
278   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)   Market risk (continued)
      (i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (2)    Banking book
                   The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is overall managed by the Head Office. The Asset
                   and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book foreign
                   exchange risk management. The audit department is responsible for auditing. The treasurer is responsible to
                   manage the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent approach and compliance with the
                   regulatory requirements, and manage the foreign exchange risk through approaches such as management of
                   transaction limits and adjustment of plans.
                   The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB assets and
                   liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to manage its foreign exchange
                   risk within acceptable limits.
                   The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
                   for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses
                   the foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly
                   basis under the limit framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
                   exchange rate movements to avoid the banking book foreign exchange risk.
                   The Group continued to strengthen bank account exchange rate risk monitoring and authorization
                   management of quota limit to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
                   Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                                              2020
                                                                                  Equivalent in RMB million                           Original currency in million
                                                                     RMB         USD           HKD             Others        Total           USD             HKD
                   Assets
                   Cash and Balances with central banks           482,885     31,302         21,446             2,573     538,206           4,786          25,419
                   Amounts due from banks and
                     other financial institutions                  430,766   142,362         26,582            15,737      615,447         21,769         31,507
                   Loans and advances to customers               4,424,048   193,624        134,443            42,814    4,794,929         29,606        159,350
                   Investments (including derivatives)           1,955,095    98,394         27,110            14,111    2,094,710         15,045         32,132
                   Other assets                                    211,549    89,613         13,099             3,895      318,156         13,701         15,525
                   Total                                         7,504,343   555,295        222,680            79,130    8,361,448         84,907        263,933
                   Liabilities
                   Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                      other financial institutions               1,222,006    90,234         13,122            10,011    1,335,373         13,798         15,553
                   Deposits from customers                       5,079,939   354,012        158,228            36,157    5,628,336         54,132        187,541
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through
                      profit or loss (including derivatives)       80,802     26,958          2,432               220     110,412           4,122           2,883
                   Debt securities issued                         291,536     48,293            902             3,425     344,156           7,384           1,069
                   Other liabilities                              185,522     15,592          8,523             3,180     212,817           2,384          10,102
                   Total                                         6,859,805   535,089        183,207            52,993    7,631,094         81,820        217,148
                   Net position                                   644,538     20,206         39,473            26,137     730,354           3,087          46,785
                   Net off-balance sheet position:
                   Credit commitments (note)                     1,917,050    89,591         21,901            17,832    2,046,374         13,699          25,958
                   Derivatives:
                    – forward purchased                           524,948     499,708         19,346           13,595    1,057,597         76,410          22,930
                    – forward sold                               (449,079)   (425,752)       (13,061)         (26,723)    (914,615)       (65,102)        (15,481)
                    – net currency option position                (46,676)     20,570             18           45,821       19,733          3,145              21
                   Total                                           29,193     94,526          6,303            32,693     162,715          14,453           7,470
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                                             279
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)   Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)    Banking book (continued)
             Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                            2019
                                                                                Equivalent in RMB million                              Original currency in million
                                                                RMB           USD             HKD            Others          Total            USD               HKD
             Assets
             Cash and Balances with central banks           510,981        48,658            4,633            3,341       567,613           6,985             5,178
             Amounts due from banks and
               other financial institutions                  377,581      115,486          16,115            12,027       521,209          16,578           18,013
             Loans and advances to customers               3,887,465      204,764         135,626            40,074     4,267,929          29,394          151,605
             Investments (including derivatives)           1,665,629       86,169          43,247            13,585     1,808,630          12,369           48,343
             Other assets                                    180,113       54,855          14,870             2,021       251,859           7,876           16,621
             Total                                         6,621,769      509,932         214,491            71,048     7,417,240          73,202          239,760
             Liabilities
             Amounts due to central bank, banks and
                other financial institutions               1,010,944      105,451           7,928            14,391     1,138,714          15,137            8,861
             Deposits from customers                       4,360,070      288,454         163,251            32,647     4,844,422          41,408          182,485
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
                profit or loss (including derivatives)       40,989        24,369           1,247                29        66,634           3,497            1,394
             Debt securities issued                         518,422        47,056           4,285             5,599       575,362           6,755            4,790
             Other liabilities                              146,101         8,210          18,802             1,288       174,401           1,179           21,016
             Total                                         6,076,526      473,540         195,513            53,954     6,799,533          67,976          218,546
             Net position                                   545,243        36,392          18,978            17,094       617,707           5,226           21,214
             Net off-balance sheet position:
             Credit commitments (note)                     1,648,248       86,415          28,351            16,299     1,779,313          12,405           31,692
             Derivatives:
              – forward purchased                            435,138      443,111          47,517            12,180       937,946          63,609           53,116
              – forward sold                                (399,138)    (350,229)         (3,647)          (13,838)     (766,852)        (50,275)          (4,077)
              – net currency option position                 (15,493)      15,472            (255)            1,861         1,585           2,221             (285)
             Total                                           20,507       108,354          43,615              203        172,679          15,555           48,754

             Note:     Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn, therefore the above net position does not represent the future cash
                       outflows.

                       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
280   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
             (2)    Banking book (continued)
                    Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
                    the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net foreign exchange
                    gains and losses and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk
                    sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020and 31 December 2019.
                                                                                2020                            2019
                                                                    Change in foreign currency       Change in foreign currency
                                                                         exchange rate                    exchange rate
                                                                       Down1%              Up1%         Down1%             Up1%
                    (Decrease)/increase in annualised net profit             (232)            232            (145)            145
                    (Decrease)/increase in annualised equity                 (232)            232            (145)            145

                    Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
                    rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


      (ii)   Interest rate risk
             Interest rate risk arises from adverse change in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to the
             income and market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


             (1)    Trading book
                    According to the basic principles of risk management, the group has built and continuously improved the
                    market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
                    measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering the interest rate, exchange rate, commodity
                    and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
                    board of directors, the group manage the trading book, clearly identifies, accurately measure and effectively
                    manage the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an acceptable
                    range and achieve a reasonable balance of risk and return. The group constantly improve the risk-adjusted
                    return level to achieve the maximum shareholder value.
                    The trading book market risk governance organization structure defines the responsibilities, division of
                    labor and reporting routes of the board of directors, the board of directors risk and capital management
                    committee, senior management and relevant departments of the bank, to achieve management objectives.
                    The market risk management department is the group’s trading book market risk department, which is
                    responsible for risk policy formulation and management.
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                                              281
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (1)    Trading book (continued)
              According to the business and market risk management organization structure, the group establishes the
              trading book market risk quota management system. Formulated by the board of directors, the quantitative
              index is the limitation of highest level risk, which is transmitted from top to bottom and level by level. Within
              the scope of their authorization, management departments at all levels allocate and set quotas according
              to risk characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business department shall carry out the
              business according to the authorization and quota requirements, and the supervisory and administrative
              departments at all levels shall continuously monitor and report according to the quota management
              regulations.
              The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, loss limit index, sensitivity index, risk
              value index, pressure test index and other risk measurement indexes as the quota index, and sets the limit
              value by comprehensively considering the risk preference, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk
              return, management conditions and other factors, considering such factors as risk preference, risk tolerance,
              business operation strategy, risk return and management conditions and other factors.
              The group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, pressure test and other measurement
              methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The group applies the market risk
              measurement model in daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis of business
              planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


       (2)    Banking book
              The Group has established the governance and management framework according to the interest rate risk
              management policy for the banking book, which specified the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of
              the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the
              effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest risk of the banking book of the Group is centrally
              managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department. The audit department is responsible for
              auditing.
              The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis, duration analysis
              and stress testing for the measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress
              test is a form of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in NII and EVE indicators when there is an
              extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group conducts stress test on interest rate risk of banking book on
              a monthly basis. The results of stress test for 2020 showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the
              Company was generally stable with various indicators staying within the set limits.
              The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is neutrally prudent.
              Based on the risk measurement and monitoring results, the Group will propose the corresponding risk
              management policy at the regular meetings of the assets and liabilities management committee and through
              the reporting mechanism, and the Assets and Liabilities Management Department is responsible for its
              implementation. The major measures for risk management include the adjustment in business volume,
              duration structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and the
              utilisation of off-balance sheet derivative tools to offset risk exposure.
282   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (2)    Banking book (continued)
                    The Group measures and monitors interest rate risk of banking book through the asset and liability
                    management system. Major models and parameter assumptions used in the course of measurement shall be
                    verified independently by the Risk Management Department before official use and shall be reviewed and
                    verified regularly upon official use.
                    Major developed economies are actively promoting benchmark interest rate reforms, mainly including the use
                    of risk-free benchmark interest rates (RFRs) generated by real transactions to completely replace interbank
                    quoted interest rates (IBOR). The Group is paying close attention to the reform of the regulatory policy to the
                    new benchmark interest rate and the developments of its peers, actively carrying out preparations, and the
                    overall progress is in line with expectations.
                    The following table indicates the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are earlier) for
                    assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                    2020
                                                                               3 months
                                                                                  or less       Over           Over                 Non-
                                                                                (include    3 months       1 year to     Over    interest
                                                                      Total    overdue)     to 1 year        5 years   5 years   bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and Balances with central banks           538,206      525,118             –              –         –    13,088
                    Amounts due from banks and
                      other financial institutions                  615,447     524,010        87,213         3,840        384         –
                    Loans and advances to customers (note (i))    4,794,929   1,861,076     2,496,358       365,524     71,971         –
                    Investments (including derivatives)           2,094,710     351,146       369,495       781,707    524,737    67,625
                    Other assets (note (ii))                        318,156           –             –             –          –   318,156
                    Total assets                                  8,361,448   3,261,350     2,953,066      1,151,071   597,092   398,869
                    Liabilities
                    Amounts due to banks and
                       other financial institutions               1,335,373     952,312      351,961         14,152      3,619    13,329
                    Deposits from customers                       5,628,336   4,387,216      599,077        638,419        292     3,332
                    Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss (including derivatives)      110,412          460        6,336          8,367        130    95,119
                    Lease liabilities                               14,242        1,015        2,805          8,577      1,845         –
                    Debt securities issued                         344,156      110,389      105,553        120,655      7,559         –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                  198,575          763           15              –          4   197,793
                    Total liabilities                             7,631,094   5,452,155     1,065,747       790,170     13,449   309,573
                    Asset-liability gap                            730,354    (2,190,805)   1,887,319       360,901    583,643    89,296
China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements                                                                                                               283
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (2)    Banking book (continued)
                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                     3 months
                                                                                         or less          Over              Over                             Non-
                                                                                       (include       3 months          1 year to           Over          interest
                                                                         Total        overdue)        to 1 year           5 years         5 years         bearing
              Assets
              Cash and Balances with central banks                   567,613          552,307                   –               –               –          15,306
              Amounts due from banks and
                other financial institutions                         521,209          454,186            57,023          10,000                –               –
              Loans and advances to customers (note (i))           4,267,929        1,787,157         2,207,931         215,672           57,169               –
              Investments (including derivatives)                  1,808,630          273,258           348,706         742,595          403,762          40,309
              Other assets (note (ii))                               251,859                –                 –               –                –         251,859
              Total assets                                         7,417,240        3,066,908         2,613,660         968,267          460,931         307,474
              Liabilities
              Amounts due to banks and
                 other financial institutions                      1,138,714          828,647             297,855         3,936            1,507            6,769
              Deposits from customers                              4,844,422        3,642,086             559,236       630,193            1,248           11,659
              Financial liabilities at fair value through
                 profit or loss (including derivatives)               66,634              415                 201        10,093                –          55,925
              Lease liabilities                                       14,379            1,003               2,729         8,436            2,211               –
              Debt securities issued                                 575,362          117,570             302,061       120,869           34,862               –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))                          160,022            1,125                   –             –                –         158,897
              Total liabilities                                    6,799,533        4,590,846         1,162,082         773,527           39,828         233,250
              Asset-liability gap                                    617,707       (1,523,938)        1,451,578         194,740          421,103           74,224

              Notes:

              (i)       For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2020 and
                        31 December 2019, net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or part of the
                        principals or interests were overdue.

              (ii)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

              The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
              Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
              sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                   2020                                    2019
                                                                                    Change in interest                           Change in interest
                                                                                   rates (in basis points)                      rates (in basis points)
                                                                                              25                    (25)                 25                      (25)
              (Decrease)/increase in annualised
                net interest income                                                     (3,266)                 3,266               (2,243)                2,243
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                                             (3,671)                 3,700               (3,701)                4,067

              Actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and equity resulting from increase or decrease in interest
              rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.
284   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
            manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet the maturity obligations, or to perform other
            payment obligations.
            In line with its liquidity risk management policies, the Group sets out and implements the principle of supervisory
            duty segregation. It also puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and reporting
            lines of the Board of Directors, the board of supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
            departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors shall accept the
            ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensure the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor
            and control liquidity risk and are responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can withstand.
            The Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors shall discharge responsibilities in
            liquidity risk management on behalf of the Board of Directors. The board of supervisors shall be responsible for the
            supervision and evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and senior management in the liquidity
            risk management and report to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management (being the Executive
            Office of President of the Head Office) shall be responsible for the concrete management work relating to liquidity
            risk and developing a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and shall report the same to the Board of
            Director. Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) shall, under the authority of the senior management, exercise
            the corresponding liquidity risk management functions. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the
            Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO, and shall be responsible for various concrete management work
            including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative and
            quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Audit Department of the Head Office shall perform duties in respect of audit
            work of liquidity risk management, and conduct comprehensive audit on the Group’s liquidity risk management.
            The Group is prudent in managing the risk, which better suits its current development stage. Basically, the Group’s
            existing liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and its own management
            needs.
            The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches, subsidiaries acting in concert.
            The Asset and Liability Management Department acts as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of routine
            liquidity risk management. The treasurer is responsible for managing liquidity on a prudent basis under regulatory
            requirement, and conducting centralised liquidity management through quota management, budget control,
            initiative debt management as well as internal fund transfer pricing.
            The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as duration structures and
            contingencies. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals. Specifically, the Group adopts information
            outsourced from Wind, Reuters and other systems as its external liquidity indicators, and uses liquidity risk
            management system to measure its internal liquidity indicators and cash flow statements.
            The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity demand under extreme circumstances. Except for
            the annual stress testing requested by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on the
            liquidity risk of domestic and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
            contingency drills to strengthen the capability to liquidity crises.
China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    285
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by residual maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                               2020
                                                                                       After         After        After
                                                                                    1 month      3 months        1 year
                                                         Repayable       Within   but within    but within   but within       After
                                                        on demand      1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
      Cash and Balances with
        central banks (note (i))                            37,496            –            –             –            –           –     500,710          –    538,206
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions                        91,085     369,355       62,201        88,213        4,169          384           –         40     615,447
      Loans and advances to customers                            –     488,169      311,334     1,201,347    1,298,866    1,469,890      12,178     13,145   4,794,929
      Investments (note (ii))
        – Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (including derivatives)           5,409     173,666       63,803       203,872       77,242      18,432          571          –     542,995
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                     –       2,270       31,937       110,511      467,217     420,686            –      1,648   1,034,269
        – Debt investments at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                           –       7,103       39,717        68,911      297,742      96,590            –        244    510,307
        – Equity investments designated at fair value
            through other comprehensive income                   –           –            –             –            –           –        7,139          –      7,139
      Other assets (note (iv))                              70,325       6,035        9,720         7,170       25,806       5,824      190,006      3,270    318,156
      Total assets                                         204,315    1,046,598     518,712     1,680,024    2,171,042    2,011,806     710,604     18,347   8,361,448
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial Institutions                      542,955     251,299      171,884       351,464       14,152       3,619            –          –   1,335,373
      Deposits from customers (note (iii))               3,704,751     326,452      354,084       600,093      642,047         909            –          –   5,628,336
      Financial liabilities at fair value through
         profit or loss (including derivatives)             14,264       8,777       10,745        32,994       20,374      23,258            –          –    110,412
      Lease liabilities                                          –         527          488         2,805        8,577       1,845            –          –     14,242
      Debt securities issued                                     –      61,167       45,304       105,552      124,574       7,559            –          –    344,156
      Other liabilities (note (iv))                         99,351      48,613       15,632        25,081        8,895         632          371          –    198,575
      Total liabilities                                  4,361,321     696,835      598,137     1,117,989      818,619      37,822          371          –   7,631,094
      (Short)/long position                             (4,157,006)    349,763       (79,425)     562,035    1,352,423    1,973,984     710,233     18,347    730,354
286   China Merchants Bank                          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                            After        After        After
                                                                                         1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                               Repayable      Within   but within   but within   but within       After
                                                              on demand     1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years    Indefinite    Overdue          Total
            Cash and Balances with central banks (note (i))      90,384           –            –            –            –            –     477,229               –    567,613
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions                       75,300     218,574     158,030        58,606       10,518          181            –           –        521,209
            Loans and advances to customers                           –     410,349     355,891     1,217,503    1,119,454    1,149,038            –      15,694      4,267,929
            Investments (note (ii))
              – Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (including derivatives)          4,734      99,890       58,515     165,452       76,875       15,486        1,528           15       422,495
              – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –       9,041       16,218     104,421      469,749      307,331            –          712       907,472
              – Debt investments at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income                      1,863      10,046       20,669     113,062      243,113       83,407             –         426       472,586
              – Equity investments designated at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income                  –           –            –            –            –           –        6,077            –         6,077
            Other assets (note (iv))                             26,906       8,426        7,480       19,954       13,929       1,627      169,626        3,911       251,859
            Total assets                                        199,187     756,326     616,803     1,678,998    1,933,638    1,557,070     654,460       20,758      7,417,240
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial Institutions                     440,699     237,753     133,511      303,651       16,765        6,335             –              –   1,138,714
            Deposits from customers (note (iii))              2,863,156     360,013     426,827      561,032      632,146        1,248             –              –   4,844,422
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss (including derivatives)             9,391      13,029       7,754        6,806       23,558        6,096            –               –     66,634
            Lease liabilities                                         –         527         476        2,729        8,436        2,211            –               –     14,379
            Debt securities issued                                    –      12,008     105,563      302,062      120,867       34,862            –               –    575,362
            Other liabilities (note (iv))                        91,862      31,439      10,100       16,126        6,748          255        3,492               –    160,022
            Total liabilities                                 3,405,108     654,769     684,231     1,192,406     808,520       51,007        3,492               –   6,799,533
            (Short)/long position                             (3,205,921)   101,557      (67,428)    486,592     1,125,118    1,506,063     650,968       20,758       617,707

            Notes:

            (i)          For Balances with central banks, the amount with an indefinite maturity represents statutory deposit reserve and fiscal balances maintained
                         with the PBOC.

            (ii)         The residual maturities of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss included in investments do not represent the Group’s intention to
                         hold them to maturity.

            (iii)        The deposits from customers that are repayable on demand include matured time deposits which are pending for customers’ instructions.

            (iv)         Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements                                                                                                           287
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
      The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
      assets, liabilities and gross loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s
      expected cash flow on these instruments and lease liabilities may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                        After        After          After
                                                                                                     1 month     3 months          1 year
                                                    Carrying              Repayable       Within   but within   but within     but within       After
                                                     amount        Total on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year        5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
      Non-derivative financial assets
      Cash and Balances with central banks          538,206     538,206      37,496            –            –              –            –           –     500,710          –
      Amounts due from banks and
        other financial institutions                 615,447     617,381     98,708     369,529       55,856          88,847       4,017          384           –         40
      Loans and advances to customers              4,794,702   6,066,759          –     506,096      350,584       1,372,740   1,700,755    2,109,999      12,178     14,407
      Investments
        – Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                  495,723     502,637       5,196     170,739       56,381        183,702       69,024      17,002          593          –
        – Debt investments at
            amortised cost                         1,034,269   1,350,789           –     50,876       40,743        185,488      603,526     468,369          139      1,648
        – Debt investments at fair value through
            other comprehensive income              510,307     652,753            –     45,040       58,190         95,560      358,544      94,552          623        244
        – Equity investments designated
            at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                      7,139       7,139           –           –            –              –            –           –        7,139          –
      Other assets                                  126,744     125,441      70,325       6,026        9,676          7,015       18,025         284       11,118      2,972
      Total                                        8,122,537   9,861,105    211,725    1,148,306     571,430       1,933,352   2,753,891    2,690,590     532,500     19,311
      Non-derivative financial liabilities
      Amounts due to banks and
         other financial institutions              1,335,373   1,346,594     543,102    252,465      174,326        357,759       15,160       3,782            –          –
      Deposits from customers                      5,628,336   5,696,986   3,704,881    316,664      350,989        617,139      706,355         958            –          –
      Financial liabilities at fair value
         through profit or loss                      60,351      61,043      14,219       6,308        1,098          7,413        8,828      23,177            –          –
      Lease liabilities                              14,242      15,705           –         524          484          2,836        9,586       2,275            –          –
      Debt securities issued                        344,156     366,059           –      61,274       45,680        111,340      139,139       8,626            –          –
      Other liabilities                             163,392     164,432      67,474      48,170       15,629         23,477        8,679         632          371          –
      Total                                        7,545,850   7,650,819   4,329,676    685,405      588,206       1,119,964     887,747      39,450          371          –
      Gross loan commitments                                   1,344,434   1,344,434           –            –              –            –           –           –          –
288   China Merchants Bank                         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                              After           After        After
                                                                                                           1 month        3 months        1 year
                                                          Carrying                Repayable     Within   but within      but within   but within       After
                                                          amount         Total   on demand    1 month     3 months           1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
            Non-derivative financial assets
            Cash and Balances with central banks          567,613     567,613       90,384          –            –               –            –            –    477,229           –
            Amounts due from banks and
              other financial institutions                 521,209     523,740      75,300    326,801      51,242           59,109       11,107          181           –          –
            Loans and advances to customers              4,267,929   5,163,254           –    425,241     389,108        1,360,791    1,435,590    1,536,707           –     15,817
            Investments
              – Financial assets at fair value
                  through profit or loss                  398,276      410,153       4,734     96,022       56,958        160,636       71,844       18,397       1,547         15
              – Debt investments at amortised cost        907,472    1,092,832           –     11,961       21,924        128,632      550,066      379,389         155        705
              – Debt investments at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income              472,586     528,809        1,863     11,148       22,899        122,160      271,451       98,365         497        426
              – Equity investments designated
                  at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income                      6,077       6,077            –          –            –               –            –           –       6,077           –
            Other assets                                   72,870      73,413       27,196      7,967        7,390          11,342        7,476       1,627       6,504       3,911
            Total                                        7,214,032   8,365,891     199,477    879,140     549,521        1,842,670    2,347,534    2,034,666    492,009      20,874
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Amounts due to banks and
               other financial institutions              1,138,714   1,187,903     440,802    253,535     153,219         315,174       18,230        6,943            –          –
            Deposits from customers                      4,844,422   4,993,293   2,906,977    364,336     434,185         581,100      705,095        1,600            –          –
            Financial liabilities at fair value
               through profit or loss                      43,434      44,233        9,391     10,202       3,941           1,094       13,545        6,060           –           –
            Lease liabilities                              14,379      15,858            –        525         475           2,768        9,445        2,645           –           –
            Debt securities issued                        575,362     599,308            –     12,541     107,009         306,506      132,560       40,692           –           –
            Other liabilities                             128,346     129,318       61,356     30,778       9,326          15,171        7,486          245       4,956           –
            Total                                        6,744,657   6,969,913   3,418,526    671,917     708,155        1,221,813     886,361       58,185       4,956           –
            Gross loan commitments                                   1,148,807   1,148,807          –            –               –            –            –           –          –

            Note:       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                              289
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(d)   Operational risk
      Operational risk arises from the direct and indirect loss due to technique, procedure, infrastructure and staff
      deficiency, as well as other risks which have effect on operation, which includes legal risk. But the strategic risk and
      reputation risk are not included.
      During the reporting period, through the strengthening of operational risk appraisal and assessment mechanisms,
      stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in key areas, the Group carried out a
      comprehensive special management of low-risk business. Starting with process, institution, employee and system, the
      Group focused on the existing problems of critical control segment, and measured these problems by management
      requirement’s solidification and refinement. Meanwhile, further improvement on operational risk management
      framework and methods, developing operational risk assessment mechanism and strengthening operational risk
      management economic capital allocation mechanism can enhance the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
      management in the Group. Now all major indexes can meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.
      In face of challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
      preference, continue to upgrade its risk management skills, strengthen operational risk monitoring and controls, as
      well as endeavour to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



(e)   Capital management
      The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
      –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
             requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion and
             strategic planning implementation for comprehensive and coordinated and sustainable growth;
      –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
             disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
             entire group;
      –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various
             risk-specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application
             regimes, strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate
             client pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
      –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
             structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns to shareholders.
      The Group manages its capital structure and adjust it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
      of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
      issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
      debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under an approach regulated by
      CBIRC. The Group and the Bank file required information to CBIRC quarterly.
290   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (e)   Capital management (continued)
            The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
            calculation covers the Bank’s all branches. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
            scope of consolidated statements in respect of the capital adequacy ratio included: CMB WLB, CMBICHC, CMBFLC
            and CMFM, CMBWM, CIGNA & CMAM.
            Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the CBIRC’s
            Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) and other relevant regulations. On 18 April
            2014, the CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the advanced capital management approach. Within the scope of
            approval of the CBIRC, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the
            primary internal rating-based approach, retail risk exposure using the advanced internal rating-based approach,
            market risk using the internal model approach, and operational risk using the standardised approach. At the same
            time, the CBIRC implemented a transition period for commercial banks approved to use the advanced approach to
            calculate capital. During the transition period, the commercial banks should use both the advanced approach and
            other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with minimum capital requirements.
            The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
            ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resisting. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
            management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
            to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
            Group’s operating conditions.
            The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plans and manages its capital
            adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
            and risk movement trends.



      (f)   Use of derivatives
            Derivatives include forward, swap and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
            interest rate markets.
            The Group enters into interest rate, currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business and its
            assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivative financial instruments can be divided into trading
            derivative financial instruments, cash flow hedge financial instruments and derivative financial instruments managed
            in conjunction with financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss.
            The Group will choose appropriate hedging strategies and tools in light of the risk profile of interest rates or
            exchange rates of its assets and liabilities, as well as its analyses and judgement regarding future interest rates or
            exchange rate movements.
            The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Such risk
            can be offset through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts or foreign exchange option contracts.
China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements                                                                                  291
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
      In cash flow hedge, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest cash flows
      arising from the RMB loans and interbank assets portfolios.
      The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair value of derivatives of
      the Group by residual maturity at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives indicate
      the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, not representing amounts at
      risk.
                                                                                          2020
                                                          Notional amounts with remaining life of                   Fair value
                                                               Between      Between
                                                 Within       3 months         1 year   More than
                                               3 months      and 1 year   and 5 years     5 years        Total   Assets     Liabilities
      Derivatives at fair value
       through profit or loss
       Interest rate derivatives
           Interest rate swaps                  561,522       1,223,977    1,499,110        2,913    3,287,522   12,559          (12,318)
           Bond forwards                              –               –           65            –           65        6               (3)
           Bond futures                              89               9            –            –           98        –                –
           Bond options                             220           8,410            –            –        8,630        3               (6)
        Subtotal                                561,831       1,232,396    1,499,175        2,913    3,296,315   12,568          (12,327)
        Currency derivatives
          Forwards                               58,155         31,280         1,452        2,703      93,590     1,691           (1,461)
          Foreign exchange swaps                440,943        477,298        12,789          867     931,897    20,063          (20,136)
          Futures                                    17            706             –            –         723         –                –
          Options                               130,903        104,921         3,068            –     238,892    11,344          (14,623)
        Subtotal                                630,018        614,205        17,309        3,570    1,265,102   33,098          (36,220)
        Other derivatives
          Equity options purchased                  488         67,353             –             –     67,841       490                –
          Equity options written                    488         67,353             –             –     67,841         –             (464)
          Commodity trading                       4,948          3,929           631             –      9,508     1,048             (987)
        Subtotal                                  5,924        138,635           631             –    145,190     1,538           (1,451)
      Cash flow hedge derivatives
        Interest rate derivatives
           Interest rate swaps                      32           1,030         2,871          819       4,752         –              (15)
      Derivatives managed in
       conjunction with financial
       instruments designated at fair
       value through profit or loss
        Interest rate derivatives
           Interest rate swaps                     471             909         1,358             –      2,738         –              (47)
        Currency derivatives
           Foreign exchange swaps                     –          1,499            74             –      1,573       68                (1)
        Subtotal                                   471           2,408         1,432             –      4,311       68               (48)
      Total                                                                                                      47,272          (50,061)
292   China Merchants Bank               IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                                   2019
                                                                   Notional amounts with remaining life of                      Fair value
                                                                     Between       Between
                                                       Within       3 months          1 year     More than
                                                     3 months      and 1 year    and 5 years       5 years           Total   Assets          Liabilities
            Derivatives at fair value
             through profit or loss
             Interest rate derivatives
                 Interest rate swaps                  775,720      2,143,146      1,723,469          1,272       4,643,607   10,960           (10,676)
                 Bond forwards                            488            348             35              –             871       17               (14)
                 Bond futures                              10              –              –              –              10        –                 –
                 Bond options                               –              –            279              –             279        1                 –
              Subtotal                                776,218      2,143,494      1,723,783          1,272       4,644,767   10,978           (10,690)
              Currency derivatives
                Forwards                               36,636          7,007            803         21,541         65,987       569               (477)
                Foreign exchange swaps                428,898        390,664         12,541          1,315        833,418     8,595             (7,781)
                Futures                                   380          2,564              –              –          2,944         –                  –
                Options                               124,262        103,354          5,183              –        232,799     3,313             (3,498)
              Subtotal                                590,176        503,589         18,527         22,856       1,135,148   12,477           (11,756)
              Other derivatives
                Equity options purchased                1,423          5,113         56,447                  –     62,983      507                   –
                Equity options written                  1,423          5,113         56,447                  –     62,983        –                (507)
                Commodity trading                       1,608            573            539                  –      2,720      241                (213)
                Credit default swap                       697            836              –                  –      1,533        2                   –
              Subtotal                                  5,151         11,635        113,433                  –    130,219      750                (720)
            Cash flow hedge derivatives
              Interest rate derivatives
                 Interest rate swaps                      55           6,549            507            209          7,320        5                    –
            Derivatives managed in
             conjunction with financial
             instruments designated at fair
             value through profit or loss
              Interest rate derivatives
                 Interest rate swaps                     634           1,271          2,577                  –      4,482        7                  (34)
              Currency derivatives
                 Foreign exchange swaps                     –               –           586                  –        586        2                    –
              Subtotal                                   634           1,271          3,163                  –      5,068        9                  (34)
            Total                                                                                                            24,219           (23,200)

            There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedge during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.
            The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows. These amounts have taken the
            effects of bilateral netting arrangements into account.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                                        293
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)   Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                                                         2020                         2019
      Credit risk weighted assets of counterparties
      Interest rate derivatives                                                                                           266                         257
      Currency derivatives                                                                                              5,574                       6,404
      Other derivatives                                                                                                 3,804                       4,439
      Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                                                  6,011                      10,517
      Total                                                                                                            15,655                      21,617

      Note:   The Group calculates the risk exposure of derivatives in accordance with the notice on “Measurement Rules of Default Risk Assets of
              Derivatives Counterparties” and supporting calculation rules issued by the former CBRC, and considers the impact of netting settlements. The
              credit risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)”
              issued by the former CBRC, covering default risk weighted assets of counterparties and credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets.
              The amount within the scope approved by the former CBRC in April 2014 was calculated using the internal rating-based approach, and the
              risk-weighted approach is adopted to calculate those not eligible to the internal rating-based approach.




(g)   Fair value information
(i)   Financial instruments at fair value
      A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
      financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
      The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
      team that has responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including three levels of fair
      values, and reports directly to the person in charge of accounting affairs.
      The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
      information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the valuation team
      assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
      requirements of IFRSs, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which such valuation should be classified.
      When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
      Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
      techniques as follows.
      The following table presents the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the current
      reporting period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at each balance sheet date
      on a recurring basis. The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair
      value hierarchy of the lowest input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as
      follows:
      –       Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for
              identical assets or liabilities;
      –       Level 2 inputs: other than quoted prices included in level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly
              observable for underlying assets or liabilities inputs;
      –       Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for assets or liabilities.
      The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy in which they occur.
      The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
      assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
294   China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             The table below analyses financial instruments without interests, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting
             period, by the level in the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                                2020
                                                                          Level1          Level2          Level3           Total
             Assets
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                          24,267        121,840              456        146,563
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                    96              –                –             96
               – Equity investments                                          836            776            1,738          3,350
               – Investments in funds                                         84        136,229              519        136,832
               – Wealth management products                                    –          1,259                –          1,259
               – Non-standard assets – Bills                                   –        175,303                –        175,303
               – Others                                                        –          1,063                –          1,063
             Subtotal                                                     25,283        436,470            2,713        464,466
             Investments designated at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                                           2,618          28,625              14          31,257
             Derivative financial assets                                      –          47,272                –         47,272
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                         –               –            6,856          6,856
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 109,282         407,271                –        516,553
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                        –         331,070           44,289        375,359
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                      2,075               –            5,064          7,139
             Total                                                      139,258       1,250,708           58,936      1,448,902
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading
                – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities           20,361               –               –          20,361
                – Short selling securities                                   130             499               –             629
             Subtotal                                                     20,491             499               –          20,990
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL
                – Precious metal contracts with other banks                1,589               –               –           1,589
                – Certificates of deposit issued                               –             605               –             605
                – Debt securities issued                                  13,914               –               –          13,914
                – Others                                                       –          17,604           5,649          23,253
             Subtotal                                                     15,503          18,209           5,649          39,361
             Derivative financial liabilities                                  –          50,061               –         50,061
             Total                                                        35,994          68,769           5,649        110,412
China Merchants Bank           IX Financial Statements                                                                        295
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
                                                                                          2019
                                                                    Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
       Assets
       Investments measured at FVTPL
         – Debt securities                                          17,336        100,304              378        118,018
         – Long position in precious metal contracts                   183              –                –            183
         – Equity investments                                        1,142              –            1,315          2,457
         – Investments in funds                                         43         71,242              414         71,699
         – Wealth management products                                    –             20              844            864
         – Non-standard assets – Bills                                   –        199,817                –        199,817
       Subtotal                                                     18,704        371,383            2,951        393,038
       Investments designated at FVTPL
         – Debt securities                                           4,830             391              17           5,238
       Derivative financial assets                                      –          24,219                –         24,219
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                         –               –            5,779          5,779
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 104,530         374,326                –        478,856
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                        –         233,789           30,346        264,135
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                      2,329               –            3,748          6,077
       Total                                                      130,393       1,004,108           42,841      1,177,342
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading
          – Precious metal relevant financial liabilities           13,701               –               –          13,701
          – Short selling securities                                 1,187               –               –           1,187
       Subtotal                                                     14,888               –               –          14,888
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL
          – Precious metal contracts with other banks                9,217               –               –           9,217
          – Certificates of deposit issued                               –             767               –             767
          – Debt securities issued                                   9,237               –               –           9,237
          – Others                                                       –           6,220           3,105           9,325
       Subtotal                                                     18,454           6,987           3,105          28,546
       Derivative financial liabilities                                  –          23,200               –          23,200
       Total                                                        33,342          30,187           3,105          66,634

       During the year there were no significant transfers of financial instruments between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair
       value hierarchy.
296   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (1)   Basis of determining the market price for recurring fair value measurements categorised within
                   Level 1
                   Bloomberg’s quoted prices are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


             (2)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurement categorised within Level 2
                   Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China bond pricing system on the
                   valuation date is measured using the latest valuation results published by China bond pricing system.
                   Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market, is measured by using the
                   comprehensive valuations issued by Bloomberg, etc.
                   Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting
                   the differences between the contract prices and market prices of the foreign exchange forwards contracts.
                   The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the end of the reporting
                   period.
                   Fair value of foreign exchange options is measured using the Black-Scholes model, applying applicable foreign
                   exchange spot rates, foreign exchange yield curves and exchange rate volatilities. The above market data
                   used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Reuters and other market information
                   providers.
                   Fair value of interest rate swaps in derivative financial assets is measured by discounting the expected
                   receivable or payable amounts under the assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of
                   reporting date. The discount rates used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end
                   of reporting period.
                   Dealing price of the investment fund derived from the net asset values of the investment funds with
                   reference to observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the market price for
                   recurring fair value.
                   The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI in Mainland China is measured based on the
                   transaction interest rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group
                   uses 10-day average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted
                   bills. The fair value of loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI outside Mainland China is measured by
                   discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as credit rating of
                   the loan customer provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of the loan, loan
                   currency and the issuer credit spread.
                   The fair value of non-standard bills at FVTPL in Mainland China is measured based on the transaction interest
                   rate of rediscounted bills announced by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange; the Group uses 10-day
                   average of the transaction interest rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills.
                   The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations issued by
                   Bloomberg.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                 297
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3:
                                                    Fair value
                                                          as at
                                                 31 December
                                                          2020    Valuation techniques   Unobservable input
             Equity investments designated               1,200    Market approach        Liquidity discount
               at FVTOCI
             Equity investments designated               3,864    Net asset value        Net assets, liquidity
               at FVTOCI                                            approach               discount
             Loans and advances to customers             6,856    Discounted cash flow   Cash flow, risk-adjusted
               at FVTPL                                             approach               discount rate,
                                                                                           actual trading
                                                                                           conditions-adjusted
                                                                                           discount rate
             Loans and advances to customers            44,289    Discounted cash flow   Cash flow, risk-adjusted
               at FVTOCI                                            approach               discount rate,
                                                                                           actual trading
                                                                                           conditions-adjusted
                                                                                           discount rate
             Investments measured at FVTPL
               – Debt securities                           456    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                    approach                rate, cash flow
               – Equity investments                      1,738    Market approach        Liquidity discount
               – Investments in funds                      519    Market approach        Liquidity discount
             Investments designated at FVTPL                14    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                    approach                rate, cash flow
             Financial liabilities designated              206    Market approach        Liquidity discount
                at FVTPL
             Financial liabilities designated            5,443    Net fund value         Net assets, liquidity
                at FVTPL                                            approach               discount
298   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3: (continued)
                                                          Fair value
                                                               as at
                                                       31 December
                                                               2019    Valuation techniques       Unobservable input
                   Equity investments designated              1,105    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     at FVTOCI
                   Equity investments designated              2,643    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity discount
                     at FVTOCI
                   Loans and advances to customers            5,779    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
                     at FVTPL                                            approach                   discount rate,
                                                                                                    actual trading
                                                                                                    conditions-adjusted
                                                                                                    discount rate
                   Loans and advances to customers           30,346    Discounted cash flow       Cash flow, risk-adjusted
                     at FVTOCI                                           approach                   discount rate,
                                                                                                    actual trading
                                                                                                    conditions-adjusted
                                                                                                    discount rate
                   Investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Debt securities                          378    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                         approach                    cash flow
                     – Equity investments                     1,315    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     – Investments in funds                     414    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                     – Wealth management products               844    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                         approach                    cash flow
                   Investments designated at FVTPL               17    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount rate,
                                                                         approach                    cash flow
                   Financial liabilities designated           3,105    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity discount
                      at FVTPL
China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements                                                                                         299
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
       (continued)
       (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
             recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3: (continued)
             1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                       The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for
                       fair value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                         Financial      Loans and      Loans and           Equity
                                                                     assets at fair    advances to    advances to    investments
                                                                    value through        customers      customers     designated
                       Assets                                        profit or loss       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI       Total
                       At 1 January 2020                                     2,968           5,779        30,346            3,748    42,841
                       Profit or loss
                         – In profit or loss                                   454             296              –               –        750
                         – In other comprehensive income                         –               –             20           1,469      1,489
                       Purchases/Additions                                     539             796         86,003              82     87,420
                       Disposals or settlement on maturity                  (1,106)              –        (72,080)              –    (73,186)
                       Exchange difference                                    (128)            (15)             –            (235)      (378)
                       At 31 December 2020                                   2,727           6,856         44,289           5,064     58,936
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included
                         in the consolidated statement of
                         profit or loss for assets held at
                         the end of the reporting period                       454            296               –               –       750



                                                                          Financial     Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                      assets at fair   advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                     value through      customers      customers       designated
                       Assets                                         profit or loss      at FVTPL      at FVTOCI       at FVTOCI      Total
                       At 1 January 2019                                     3,641            403         20,684            2,540    27,268
                       Profit or loss
                         – In profit or loss                                  (540)             27              –               –       (513)
                         – In other comprehensive income                         –               –            (60)          1,018        958
                       Purchases/loans                                         131           5,741         51,435               –     57,307
                       Transfer to Level 3                                      59               –              –               –         59
                       Disposals or settlement on maturity                    (314)           (400)       (41,713)              –    (42,427)
                       Exchange difference                                      (9)              8              –             190        189
                       At 31 December 2019                                   2,968           5,779         30,346           3,748     42,841
                       Total unrealised gains and losses included
                         in the consolidated statement of
                         profit or loss for assets held at
                         the end of the reporting period                       (540)            35              –               –       (505)
300   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at date of financial position on a recurring basis
             (continued)
             (3)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key parameters for
                   recurring fair value measurements categorised within Level 3: (continued)
                   1)        Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
                             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  2020                 2019
                             At 1 January                                                               3,105                 2,514
                             In profit or loss                                                            402                   (17)
                             Issues                                                                     2,686                   591
                             Sales and settlements                                                       (453)                    –
                             Exchange difference                                                          (91)                   17
                             At 31 December                                                             5,649                 3,105
                             Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                                consolidated statement of profit or loss for
                                liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                       390                   (17)



                   2)        Transfers between level 1 and level 2 for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on an
                             on-going basis, the reasons for these transfers and the policy for determining when transfers between
                             level 1 and level 2 are deemed
                             During the year, there were no significant transfers between different levels for financial instruments
                             which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.


                   3)        Changes in valuation technique and the reasons for making the changes
                             During the year, the Group has not changed the valuation techniques for financial assets that are
                             measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    301
Annual Report 2020



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)     Fair value information (continued)
(iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
        (1)   Financial Assets
               The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include cash, Balances with central
               banks, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale
               agreements, loans and advances to customers and investments.
               Except for loans and advances and held-to-maturity investments, most of the financial assets will mature
               within 1 year, and their carrying value approximate their fair value. Loans and advances are stated at
               amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22). Loans and advances are mostly priced at
               floating rates close to the PBOC rates and repriced at market rates at least annually, and impairment
               allowance is made to reduce the carrying amount of impaired loans to estimate the recoverable amount.
               Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is close to the fair value.
               Debt investments at amortised cost are stated at amortised costs less impairment, and the fair value of listed
               debt securities are disclosed in Note 23(b).
               The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of Debt investments at amortised cost not measured or
               disclosed at fair value are listed as below:
               The fair value measurements for Level 1 are based on quoted price in active market, for example, released
               by Bloomberg. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China bond pricing system are used
               to measure fair value of bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency
               bonds without active quoted price, which are measured by Bloomberg comprehensive valuation. The Level 3
               category adopts discounted cash flow valuation technique to measure fair value.
                                                                            2020                                                 2019
                                                     Carrying       Fair                                   Carrying       Fair
                                                      amount       value    Level 1    Level 2   Level 3   amount       value    Level 1     Level 2    Level 3
               Debt investments at amortised cost   1,034,269   1,049,374    3,387     914,025   131,962   907,472    930,217     6,577     789,068    134,572



        (2)   Financial Liabilities
               Financial liabilities mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due to banks and other financial
               institutions, sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities issued by the Group. The carrying value
               of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the year presented, except the financial
               liabilities set out below:
                                                                            2020                                                 2019
                                                     Carrying       Fair                                   Carrying       Fair
                                                      amount       value    Level 1    Level 2   Level 3   amount       value    Level 1     Level 2    Level 3
               Subordinated notes issued              34,302      35,243           –    35,243         –    34,469     35,631           –    35,631          –
               Long-term debt securities issued      146,559     149,115           –   149,115         –   165,602    167,405           –   167,405          –
               Total                                 180,861     184,358           –   184,358         –   200,071    203,036           –   203,036          –
302   China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      61. Material related-party transactions
      (a)   Material connected person information
            The Bank’s main shareholders and its parent company and the Bank’s subsidiaries.
                                                                            No. of    Proportion Proportion
                                                            Issued       Shares of        of the      of the                             The
                                                         and fully       the Bank      Bank held Company                                 relationship
                                       Registered             paid     held by the        by the     held by                             with the                        Legal
            Company name               location            capital       Company        Company    the Bank Business                     Bank              Legal form    representative
            China Merchants Group      Beijing          RMB16,900    7,559,427,375       29.97%          –   Transportation, shipping    The largest       Limited       Miao Jianmin
              (CMG)                                        million                   (note (i)(viii))           agency, warehousing        shareholder’s     company
                                                                                                                and storage, leasing,      parent
                                                                                                                manufacturing building     company
                                                                                                                and facility, repair
                                                                                                                and contracting, sales
                                                                                                                operating management
                                                                                                                service, etc.
            China Merchants Steam      Beijing           RMB7,000    3,289,470,337        13.04%         –   Transportation,             The largest       Limited       Miao Jianmin
              Navigation Co., Ltd.                         million                       (note (ii))            building and repair,       shareholder       company
              (CMSNCL)                                                                                          procurement, supply
                                                                                                                chain management and
                                                                                                                distribution, shipping
                                                                                                                agency services, etc.
            Shenzhen Yan Qing        Shenzhen             RMB600     1,258,542,349          4.99%        –   Invest and set up           Shareholder       Limited       Xu Xin
              Investment Development                       million                                              industries, domestic                         company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                         commerce, materials
                                                                                                                supply and marketing
                                                                                                                business, etc.
            Shenzhen Chu Yuan          Shenzhen           RMB600      944,013,171           3.74%        –   Invest and set up           Shareholder       Limited       Xu Xin
              Investment and                               million                                              industries, domestic                         company
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                                             commerce, materials
                                                                                                                supply and marketing
                                                                                                                business, etc.
            China Merchants Finance    Shenzhen           RMB778     1,147,377,415          4.55%        –   Invest and set up           Shareholder       Limited       Hong Xiaoyuan
              Investment Holdings                          million                                              industries, domestic                         company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                         commerce, materials
                                                                                                                supply and marketing
                                                                                                                business, etc.
            Best Winner Investment     British Virgin     USD0.05     386,924,063           1.53%        –   –                           Shareholder       Joint stock   –
              Co., Ltd.                  Islands           million                                                                                           limited
                                                                                                                                                             company
            China Merchants Union    British Virgin       USD0.06     477,903,500           1.89%        –   –                           Shareholder       Limited       –
              (BVI) Limited            Islands             million                                                                                           company
            China Merchants Industry Shenzhen              USD10       55,196,540           0.22%        –   Invest and set up            Shareholder      Limited       Wang Xiaoding
              Development (Shenzhen)                       million                                              industries, enterprise                       company
              Limited                                                                                           management consulting
                                                                                                                and investment
                                                                                                                consulting, etc.
            China COSCO Shipping       Beijing          RMB11,000    2,515,193,034         9.97%         –   International shipping       Shareholder’s    Limited       Xu Lirong
              Corporation Limited.                         million                      (note (iii))            business, import and        parent company company
                                                                                                                export of goods and
                                                                                                                technology, International
                                                                                                                freight forwarding
                                                                                                                business, etc.
China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                 303
Annual Report 2020



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                    No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                    Issued       Shares of       of the      of the                             The
                                                 and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company                                 relationship
                                   Registered         paid     held by the       by the     held by                             with the                        Legal
      Company name                 location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     Bank              Legal form    representative
      China Ocean Shipping         Beijing      RMB16,191    1,574,729,111       6.24%          –   Transportation business,   Shareholder        Limited       Xu Lirong
        Co., Ltd.                                  million                                            shipping space booking,                       company
                                                                                                      time charter, voyage
                                                                                                      charter, leasing,
                                                                                                      constructing and trading
                                                                                                      ships, etc.
      China COSCO Shipping         Guang zhou    RMB3,191     696,450,214        2.76%          –   Shipping business          Shareholder        Limited       Shou Jian
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                      million                                                                                          company
      Guangzhou Haining            Guang zhou       RMB2      103,552,616        0.41%          –   Business services           Shareholder       Limited       Huang Biao
        Maritime Technology                        million                                                                                          company
        Service Co., Ltd.
      China COSCO Shipping         Shanghai      RMB1,399      75,617,340        0.30%          – Shipping business, leasing    Shareholder       Limited       Zhao Bangtao
        (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       million                                           business, ship repairing                       company
                                                                                                     and building etc.
      China COSCO Shipping      Hong Kong         HKD500       54,721,930        0.22%          – Leasing business, financing   Shareholder       Limited       Wang Daxiong
        Financial Holdings Co.,                    million                                           business, insurance                            company
        Ltd.                                                                                         business etc.
      Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Guangzhou         RMB299       10,121,823        0.04%          – Ship purchasing and           Shareholder       Limited       Ren Zhaoping
        Shipping Co., Ltd.                         million                                           marketing business,                            company
                                                                                                     shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                     business, shipping
                                                                                                     business etc.
      China Insurance Security     Beijing        RMB100     1,036,132,435       4.11%          – Investing and establishing    Shareholder’s    limited        Yu Hua
        Fund Co., Ltd                              million                    (note (iv))            insurance companies,         parent company company
                                                                                                     supervising and
                                                                                                     managing various
                                                                                                     domestic and
                                                                                                     international businesses
                                                                                                     of holding investment
                                                                                                     enterprises, and
                                                                                                     investment business
                                                                                                     permitted by national
                                                                                                     laws and regulations,
                                                                                                     etc.
      Dajia Life Insurance Co.,Ltd Beijing      RMB30,790    1,036,132,435       4.11%          – Life insurance, health        Shareholder       Joint stock   He Xiaofeng
                                                   million                                           insurance, accident                            limited
                                                                                                     insurance, and other                           company
                                                                                                     personal insurance
                                                                                                     services, etc.
      China Communications         Beijing       RMB7,274     422,770,418        1.68%          – General contraction for       Shareholder’s    Limited        Wang Tongzhou
        Construction Group LTD                     million                     (note (v))            construction                 parent company company
      China Communications         Beijing      RMB16,175     301,089,738        1.19%          – General contraction for       Shareholder      Joint stock    Wang Tongzhou
        Construction Co., Ltd                      million                                           construction, leasing                         limited
                                                                                                     and repair, technical                         company
                                                                                                     consulting service,
                                                                                                     imports and exports,
                                                                                                     investment and
                                                                                                     management business
304   China Merchants Bank                     IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (a)   Material connected person information (continued)
                                                                        No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                          Issued     Shares of       of the      of the                                   The
                                                       and fully     the Bank     Bank held Company                                       relationship
                                         Registered         paid   held by the       by the     held by                                   with the                     Legal
            Company name                 location        capital     Company       Company    the Bank Business                           Bank           Legal form    representative
            Shanghai Automotive          Shanghai     RMB21,599    310,125,822       1.23%              –   Production and sale           Shareholder’s    Limited     Chen Hong
              Industry Corporation                       million                  (note (vi))                  of vehicles, asset           parent company company
              (Group)                                                                                          management business,
                                                                                                               domestic trade business,
                                                                                                               consulting service
            SAIC Motor Corporation       Shanghai     RMB11,683    310,125,822       1.23%              –   Production and sale of        Shareholder    Joint stock   Chen Hong
              Limited                                    million                                               vehicles, consulting                        limited
                                                                                                               service, imports and                        company
                                                                                                               exports
            Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.   Qin Huangdao RMB8,000     296,291,627       1.17%              –   Port construction             Shareholder    Limited       Cao ziyu
                                                        million                   (note (vii))                 and investment                              company
                                                                                                               management, port
                                                                                                               leasing and maintenance
                                                                                                               business, handling and
                                                                                                               warehousing business
                                                                                                               etc.
            CMB International Capital    Hong Kong     HKD4,129              –              –       100%    Investment bank               Subsidiary     Limited       Tian Huiyu
              Holdings Corporation                       million                                               and investment                              company
              Limited (CMBICHC)                                                                                managements
            CMB Financial Leasing        Shanghai      RMB6,000              –              –       100%    Finance lease                 Subsidiary     Limited       Shi Shunhua
              Company Limited                            million                                                                                           company
              (CMBFLC)
            CMB Wing Lung Bank           Hong Kong     HKD1,161              –              –       100%    Banking                       Subsidiary     Limited       Zhu Qi
              Limited (CMB WLB)                          million                                                                                           company
            China Merchants Fund         Shenzhen      RMB1,310              –              –        55%    Fund Management               Subsidiary     Limited       Liu Hui
              Management Co., Ltd.                       million                                                                                           company
              (CMFM)
            CMB Wealth Management        Shenzhen      RMB5,000              –              –       100%    Asset management              Subsidiary     Limited       Liu Hui
              Co., Ltd                                   million                                                                                           company
            CMB Europe S.A               Luxembourg      EUR50               –              –       100%    Banking                       Subsidiary     Limited       Li Biao
                                                         million                                                                                           company
            Cigna & CMB Asset            Beijing        RMB500               –              – Note 24 (vii) Asset management              Subsidiary     Limited       Liu Hui
              Management                                 million                                                                                           company
              Company Limited

            Notes:

            (i)        CMG holds 29.97% of the Bank (2019: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (ii)       As the largest shareholder, CMSNCL who is the subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 13.04%).

            (iii)      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank (2019: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

            (iv)       China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 4.11% of the Bank (2019: 9.98%) through respectively holds
                       98.23% of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

            (v)        China Communications Construction Group LTD (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.68% of the bank through its
                       subsidiaries (2019:1.68%).

            (vi)       Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the bank through its subsidiary
                       (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2019: 1.23%).

            (vii)      Hebei Port Group Company Ltd. directly holds 1.17% of the Bank (2019: 1.21%).

            (viii)     The sum of the direct ratio of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the above-mentioned relevant numbers may differ slightly in the mantissa
                       due to rounding.
China Merchants Bank                IX Financial Statements                                                                                                                 305
Annual Report 2020



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(a)   Material connected person information (continued)
      The information of registered capital of the related parties as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 is as below:
      Name of related party                                                                                                     2020                                2019
      CMG                                                                                            RMB16,900,000,000                       RMB16,700,000,000
      CMSNCL                                                                                          RMB7,000,000,000                        RMB7,000,000,000
      Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment Development Co., Ltd.                                               RMB600,000,000                          RMB600,000,000
      Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd.                                        RMB600,000,000                          RMB600,000,000
      China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                            RMB777,800,000                          RMB600,000,000
      Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                           USD50,000                               USD50,000
      China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.                                                                  USD60,000                               USD60,000
      China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                         USD10,000,000                           USD10,000,000
      China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd                                                           RMB100,000,000                          RMB100,000,000
      Dajia Life Insurance Co.,Ltd                                                                   RMB30,790,000,000                       RMB30,790,000,000
      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.                                                      RMB11,000,000,000                       RMB11,000,000,000
      China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                 RMB16,191,351,300                       RMB16,191,351,300
      China COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                      RMB3,191,200,000                        RMB3,191,200,000
      Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Service Co., Ltd.                                            RMB2,000,000                             RMB2,000,000
      China COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                       RMB1,398,941,000                        RMB1,398,941,000
      China COSCO Shipping Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                HKD500,000,000                          HKD500,000,000
      Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                     RMB299,020,000                          RMB299,020,000
      China Communications Construction Group LTD                                                     RMB7,274,023,830                        RMB7,274,023,830
      China Communications Construction Co., Ltd                                                     RMB16,174,735,425                       RMB16,174,735,425
      Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                               RMB21,599,175,737                       RMB21,599,175,737
      SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                                 RMB11,683,461,365                       RMB11,683,461,365
      Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                      RMB8,000,000,000                        RMB8,000,000,000
      CMBICHC                                                                                         HKD4,129,000,000                        HKD4,129,000,000
      CMBFLC                                                                                          RMB6,000,000,000                        RMB6,000,000,000
      CMB WLB                                                                                         HKD1,160,950,575                        HKD1,160,950,575
      CMFM                                                                                            RMB1,310,000,000                        RMB1,310,000,000
      CMBWM                                                                                           RMB5,000,000,000                        RMB5,000,000,000
      CMB Europe S.A.                                                                                   EUR50,000,000                            EUR50,000,000
      Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited                                                     RMB500,000,000                                        –

      The change of proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries
      held by the Bank
                          The Bank held by the
                           largest shareholder                                            The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                CMSNCL                  CMBICHC                CMBFLC                    CMB WLB                      CMFM                 CMBWM
                                  RMB         %          HKD        %           RMB        %               HKD          %             RMB      %            RMB        %
      At 1 January 2020   3,289,470,337 13.04     4,129,000,000 100.00   6,000,000,000 100.00    1,160,950,575 100.00           720,500,000 55.00   5,000,000,000    100%
      Change                          –     –                 –      –               –      –                –      –                     –     –               –       –
      At 31 December 2020 3,289,470,337 13.04     4,129,000,000 100.00   6,000,000,000 100.00    1,160,950,575 100.00           720,500,000 55.00   5,000,000,000    100%

                           The Bank held by the
                            largest shareholder                                             The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                                CMSNCL                  CMBICHC                CMBFLC                    CMB WLB                      CMFM                 CMBWM
                                   RMB        %           HKD       %            RMB       %                HKD         %             RMB      %             RMB       %
      At 1 January 2019   3,289,470,337 13.04     4,129,000,000 100.00   6,000,000,000 100.00    1,160,950,575 100.00           720,500,000 55.00               –       –
      Change                          –     –                 –      –               –      –                –      –                     –     –   5,000,000,000    100%
      At 31 December 2019 3,289,470,337 13.04     4,129,000,000 100.00   6,000,000,000 100.00    1,160,950,575 100.00           720,500,000 55.00   5,000,000,000    100%
306   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (b)   Transaction terms and conditions
            In each year, the Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business
            including lending, investment, deposit, securities trading, agency services, trust services, and off-balance sheet
            transactions. The opinion of the directors is that the Group’s material related-party transactions were all entered
            into normal commercial terms. The banking transactions were priced at the market rates at each time of transaction.
            Interest rates on loans and deposits are required to be set in accordance with the following benchmark rates set by
            the PBOC:
                                                                                                     2020                  2019
            Short-term loans                                                                      4.35%                 4.35%
            Medium to long-term loans                                                    4.75% to 4.90%        4.75% to 4.90%
            Demand deposits                                                                       0.35%                 0.35%
            Time deposits                                                                1.10% to 2.75%        1.10% to 2.75%

            There were no credit impaired loans and advances granted to related parties during the year.



      (c)   Shareholders and their related companies
            The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG holds 29.97% (2019: 29.97%) shares of the Bank through its subsidiaries as at
            31 December 2020 (among them 13.04% shares is held by CMSNCL (2019: 13.04%)). The Group’s transactions and
            balances with CMSNCL and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                                     2020                  2019
            On-balance sheet:
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                      37,411               26,222
             – Investments                                                                           2,717                2,527
             – Deposits from customers                                                              85,225               68,795
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                4,500                  700
             – Lease liabilities                                                                        57                   39
            Off-balance sheet:
              – Irrevocable guarantees                                                               3,615                 2,449
              – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                          380                   341
              – Bills of acceptances                                                                   292                   462
            Interest income                                                                          1,333                   834
            Interest expense                                                                         1,336                 1,189
            Net fee and commission income                                                              662                   561
            Operating expenses                                                                         (22)                  (34)
            Other net income                                                                           (22)                   (1)
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                    307
Annual Report 2020



61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
(d)   Companies controlled by or were significantly influenced by or appointed
      common directors, senior management and/or supervisors of the Bank other
      than those under Note 61(c) above
                                                                   2020        2019
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                          45,784      22,577
       – Investments                                               3,008       3,788
       – Deposits from customers                                  60,237      48,969
       – Lease liabilities                                             3           –
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                   7,539       5,429
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                              800         640
        – Bills of acceptances                                     5,402       6,391
      Interest income                                              3,173       1,402
      Interest expense                                               458         530
      Net fee and commission income                                  751       1,042
      Operating expenses                                          (1,349)     (1,614)
      Other net income                                                11           6



(e)   Associates and joint ventures other than those under Note 61(c) above
                                                                   2020        2019
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                           4,690       6,178
       – Investments                                                 100           –
       – Deposits from customers                                   1,354       1,040
       – Placements with banks and other financial institutions   14,500      11,600
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                   8,700       8,299
      Interest income                                                 75         79
      Interest expense                                                16         19
      Net fee and commission income                                1,090        973
      Operating expenses                                              (5)       (31)



(f)   Other shareholders holding more than 5% shares
                                                                   2020        2019
      On-balance sheet:
       – Loans and advances to customers                          27,545      31,715
       – Investments                                                 793         795
       – Deposits from customers                                  34,398      41,031
       – Lease liabilities                                             5          12
      Off-balance sheet:
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                  25,433      36,365
        – Irrevocable letters of credit                               45          50
        – Bills of acceptances                                       108         540
      Interest income                                                451         746
      Interest expense                                               330       1,341
      Net fee and commission income                                1,779       1,290
      Other net income                                               119          19
308   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      61. Material related-party transactions (continued)
      (g)   Subsidiaries
                                                                                                         2020                  2019
            On-balance sheet
             – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                     4,072                 3,285
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                  37,331                28,654
             – Loans and advances to customers                                                            477                   717
             – Investments                                                                              1,508                 1,978
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                     8,789                 8,800
             – Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                       4                    30
             – Deposits from customers                                                                  6,596                 3,130
            Off-balance sheet
              – Bills of acceptances                                                                      113                    277
            Interest income                                                                               930                    816
            Interest expense                                                                              188                    454
            Net fee and commission                                                                     (3,199)                   378
            Operating expenses                                                                            112                    132
            Other net income                                                                               71                      –

            All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
            consolidated financial statements.



      (h)   Key management personnel
            Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
            controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                         2020                  2019
            Salaries and other emoluments                                                              40,839                46,746
            Discretionary bonuses (Note 11(i))                                                              –                13,958
            Share-based payment                                                                        30,290                54,390
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                      503                   506
            Total                                                                                      71,632               115,600

            The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
            39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured by
            using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(17); and the amounts have
            been charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options
            may expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual
            cash flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)   Annuity scheme
            Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
            other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
            2020 and 31 December 2019.
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                             309
Annual Report 2020



62. Non-controlling interests
      Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries. In the opinion of
      the directors of the Bank, the Group does not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during
      the reporting period.



(a)   Perpetual debt capital
      CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of US$170 million on 27 April 2017 and another perpetual
      debt of US$400 million on 24 January 2019.
                                                                      Principal       Distributions/Paid               Total
      At 1 January 2020                                                   3,979                         –              3,979
      Perpetual debt capital issued                                           –                         –                  –
      Distributions in 2020                                                   –                       234                234
      Paid in 2020                                                            –                      (234)              (234)
      Exchange difference                                                  (226)                        –               (226)
      At 31 December 2020                                                 3,753                          –             3,753

      There is no maturity of the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of the
      issuer. Cancelled interest is not cumulative. There is no contractual obligation of the issuer to deliver cash to other
      parties. During the year ended 31 December 2020, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
      corresponding amount was paid to perpetual debt holders accordingly.



63. Transfers of financial assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
      to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full or partial
      derecognition of the financial assets concerned. In other cases where the transferred assets do not qualify for
      derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continued
      to recognize the transferred assets.



      Securitisation of credit assets
      The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
      to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire some
      asset-backed securities and fund shares at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the
      risks and rewards of the transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the
      associated credit assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
      The Group carried out an assessment based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4(5), and with respect to the credit
      assets that were securitised and qualified for derecognition, the Group derecognised the transferred credit assets
      in their entirety. During the year ended 31 December 2020 the Group has transferred the ownership of the loans
      amounted to RMB72,001 million (2019: RMB115,881 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of
      the loans have been transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.
310   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      63. Transfers of financial assets (continued)
            Securitisation of credit assets (continued)
            For those in which the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
            transferred credit assets, and retained control of the credit assets, the Group recognises the assets on the statement
            of financial position in accordance with the Group’s continuing involvement and the rest is derecognised. The
            extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and rewards undertaken by the Group with
            value changes of the transferred financial assets. The amount at the time of transfer of the original credit assets,
            which the Group determined that it has continuing involvement through acquiring the subordinated tranches, was
            RMB27,893 million during the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB10,402 million). As at 31 December 2020,
            the carrying amount of assets that the Group continues to recognise on the statement of financial position was
            RMB3,128 million during the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB987 million). The Group also recognized
            other assets and other liabilities of the same amount arising from such continuing involvement.



            Transactions of credit assets
            During the year 2020, the Group has transferred credit assets to third party institutions directly amounted to
            RMB924 million (2019: RMB889 million), and none of these transferred credit assets is transferred to structured
            entities (2019: Nil). The Group carried out an assessment based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4(5), and
            concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-recognition.



            Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
            Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills
            held by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and debt securities lent to counterparties under
            securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under
            agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at
            the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances
            require or be required to pay additional cash collateral. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of these securities and therefore has not derecognised them. In addition, it recognises a financial
            liability for cash received as collateral.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                           311
Annual Report 2020



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
(a)   Interest in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
      The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third party institutions through investments in
      the notes issued by these structured entities. Such structured entities include wealth management products, asset
      management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets backed securities and investments in funds, and the Group
      does not consolidate these structured entities. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate
      income from managing assets on behalf of investors and are financed through the issuance of notes to investors.
      The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
      2020 and 31 December 2019 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions and an analysis of the
      line items in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 in which assets are
      recognised relating to the Group’s interests in structured entities sponsored by third parties:
                                                                        31 December 2020
                                                                 Carrying amount
                                                Financial              Debt
                                            assets at fair      investments            Debt
                                           value through       at amortised     investments                    Maximum
                                            profit or loss              cost      at FVTOCI           Total    exposure
      Asset management schemes                      63,453            99,916               –       163,369       163,369
      Trust beneficiary rights                           –            37,663               –        37,663        37,663
      Asset backed securities                        3,096             2,691           1,442         7,229         7,229
      Investment in funds                          136,832                 –               –       136,832       136,832
      Wealth management products                        34                 –               –            34            34
      Total                                        203,415          140,270            1,442       345,127       345,127

                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                  Carrying amount
                                                  Financial             Debt
                                              assets at fair     investments            Debt
                                             value through      at amortised     investments                    Maximum
                                              profit or loss            cost       at FVTOCI          Total     exposure
      Asset management schemes                     165,068          109,344                –       274,412       274,412
      Trust beneficiary rights                           –           33,389                –        33,389        33,389
      Asset backed securities                        1,075               40            1,185         2,300         2,300
      Investment in funds                           71,699                –                –        71,699        71,699
      Total                                        237,842          142,773            1,185       381,800       381,800

      The maximum exposures held by the Group in the subordinated tranches of assets backed securities, investments
      in funds, the wealth management products, asset management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, senior tranches of
      assets backed securities are the carrying amount of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date in accordance
      with the line items of these assets recognised in the statement of financial positions.
312   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
      (b)   Interest in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
            The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
            management products, funds and asset management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
            are to generate income from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
            the issue of investment products to investors. Interest held by the Group includes fees charged on management
            services provided.
            As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management
            products, which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB2,445,644 million (31 December 2019: RMB2,142,944 million).
            As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the unconsolidated funds, which are sponsored by the Group, is
            RMB717,489 million (31 December 2019: RMB494,992 million).
            As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the unconsolidated asset management schemes, which are sponsored by
            the Group, is RMB158,575 million (31 December 2019: RMB190,221 million).
            As at 31 December 2020, the balance of amounts held under resale agreements and placement with banks and
            other financial institutions between the Group and its non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products,
            which are sponsored by the Group, is RMB48,898 million (31 December 2019: RMB63,214 million) and nil (31
            December 2019: RMB82,113 million) respectively. The above transactions were made in accordance with normal
            business terms and conditions.
            As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
            held by the Group is RMB1,225 million (31 December 2019: RMB864 million).
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the amount of the wealth management products sponsored by the
            Group transferred to the investments measured at amortized cost of the Group was RMB12,629 million (2019: Nil).
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the amount of fee and commission income received from such category
            of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products by the Group is RMB10,162 million (2019: RMB7,330
            million).
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the amount of management fee income received from the
            unconsolidated mutual funds by the Group is RMB1,874 million (2019: RMB1,400 million).
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the amount of management fee income received from the
            unconsolidated asset management schemes by the Group is RMB715 million (2019: RMB744 million).
            The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued by the Group after 1 January
            2020 with a maturity date before 31 December 2020 was RMB1,924,836 million (2019: RMB2,363,999 million).



      65. Comparative figures
            Certain comparative figures in the notes have been adjusted to conform with changes in disclosures in current year.
China Merchants Bank                   IX Financial Statements                                                                                                     313
Annual Report 2020



Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




(A) Capital adequacy ratio
         The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on
         the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The bases used herein may
         differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
         In accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
         calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                                   2020                  2019
         Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                    12.29%                11.95%
         Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                                         13.98%                12.69%
         Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                                16.54%                15.54%
         Components of capital base
         Core tier-1 capital:
          Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                                  25,220                 25,220
          Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                                67,491                 67,281
          Surplus reserves                                                                                                     71,057                 62,184
          Regulatory general reserve                                                                                           98,082                 90,151
          Retained profits                                                                                                    365,168                317,643
          Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                         282                    243
          Others (note (i))                                                                                                     7,361                 10,624
         Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                            634,661                573,346
         Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                                         24,569                 23,007
         Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                              610,092                550,339
         Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                                  84,092                 34,097
         Net tier-1 capital                                                                                                   694,184                584,436
         Tier-2 capital:
           Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                                   28,340                 31,700
           Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                               97,119                 99,724
           Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                                       1,647                     65
         Total tier-2 capital                                                                                                 127,106                131,489
         Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                                 –                     –
         Net tier-2 capital                                                                                                   127,106                131,489
         Net capital                                                                                                          821,290                715,925
         Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                         4,964,542             4,606,786

         Notes:

         (i)    :   Others represent exchange reserve of foreign currency consolidated financial statements under CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital
                    of Commercial Banks (Trial).

         (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes qualifying portion of non-controlling interests, preferred shares and etc.
314   China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (A) Capital adequacy ratio (continued)
            In 2020, in accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Bank
            calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.81%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.62%, capital adequacy
            ratio is 16.29%, net capital is RMB734,022 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB4,505,299 million.
            In 2020, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
            approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
            is 10.68%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.16%, capital adequacy ratio is 13.79%, net capital is RMB787,438
            million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,710,544 million.
            In 2020, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
            approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
            is 10.12%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 11.67%, capital adequacy ratio is 13.31%, net capital is RMB700,171
            million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,258,694 million.



      (B) Leverage ratio
            In accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) issued in
            2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio and relevant components were as follows. The basis
            used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries.
            Summary comparison of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposure measure:
                                                                                                   2020                  2019
            Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                   8,361,448            7,417,240
            Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
              commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes
              but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                 (48,399)             (24,603)
            Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                          –                    –
            Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                    (18,274)              11,796
            Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                     45,094               28,861
            Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                            1,079,726            1,194,234
            Other adjustments                                                                   (24,569)             (23,007)
            Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 9,395,026            8,604,521
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                                                           315
Annual Report 2020



(B) Leverage ratio (continued)
      Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                                2020                  2019
      On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and
        securities financing transactions (SFT))                                          7,983,402             7,258,371
      Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1 capital                  (24,569)              (23,007)
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets
        (excluding derivatives and SFTs)                                                  7,958,833             7,235,364
      Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions
        (net of eligible cash variation margin)                                               14,080                 13,393
      Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated
        with all derivatives transactions                                                     14,918                 21,805
      Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted
        from the balance sheet assets                                                              –                      –
      Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin
        provided in derivatives transactions                                                       –                      –
      Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade exposures                    –                      –
      Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                                      –                   817
      Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit derivatives                  –                     –
      Total derivative exposures                                                              28,998                 36,015
      Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting),
        after adjusting for sale accounting transactions                                    282,375                 110,047
      Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and
        cash receivables of gross SFT assets                                                       –                      –
      Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                        45,094                 28,861
      Agent transaction exposures                                                                  –                      –
      Total securities financing transaction exposures                                      327,469                 138,908
      Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                                 2,368,667              2,266,901
      Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                      (1,288,941)            (1,072,667)
      Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                        1,079,726             1,194,234
      Net tier-1 capital                                                                    694,184               584,436
      Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                   9,395,026             8,604,521
      Leverage ratio                                                                          7.39%                  6.79%
316   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
            The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
            Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
            those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group was 145.92%
            in the fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 14.19 percentage points from the previous quarter, mainly due to the
            increase in the scale of cash inflows from financial institutions. The Group’s liquidity coverage ratio at the end of
            the fourth quarter of 2020 was 121.97%, which was in line with the 2020 regulatory requirements of the China
            Bank and Insurance Regulatory Commission. The breakdown of the Group’s average value of each item of liquidity
            coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2020 is set out below:
                                                                                                                    Unweighted                      Weighted
                                                                                                                        amount                       amount
            Serial No.                                                                                           (average value)              (average value)
            Stock of high quality liquid assets
            1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                          1,208,949
            Cash outflows
            2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                               2,157,627                      190,959
            3        Stable deposits                                                                                       496,081                       24,804
            4        Less stable deposits                                                                                1,661,546                      166,155
            5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                3,624,831                    1,297,994
            6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                                2,039,466                      507,157
            7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                             1,543,098                      748,570
            8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                                42,267                       42,267
            9      Secured funding                                                                                                /                      20,144
            10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                    1,542,014                      382,087
            11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other
                       transactions arising from related collateral requirements                                           313,227                      313,227
            12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt Instruments funding                                                 –                            –
            13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                   1,228,787                       68,860
            14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                            71,470                       71,470
            15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                  6,866,426                      100,010
            16     Total cash outflows                                                                                                                2,062,664
            Cash inflows
            17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)                                       262,186                      261,613
            18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                       1,007,480                      643,561
            19     Other cash inflows                                                                                      332,355                      328,964
            20     Total cash inflows                                                                                    1,602,021                    1,234,138


                                                                                                                                              Adjusted value
            21      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                         1,208,949
            22      Net cash outflows                                                                                                                   828,526
            23      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                       145.92%

            Note:

            (i)     The data of mainland in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the monthly average for
                    the date of subsidiaries.

            (ii)    The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared by the central bank reserve available under cash and pressure conditions, as well
                    as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on the “Measures for
                    the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements                                                                                      317
Annual Report 2020



(D) Net stable funding ratio
      The Group prepared and disclosed information on net stable funding ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
      the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ
      from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries. The Group’s net stable funding ratio at the end of the fourth
      quarter of 2020 was 117.51%, representing an increase of 0.32 percentage points as compared with the previous
      quarter, which was basically stable. The breakdown of the Group’s net stable fund ratio in the last two quarters is
      set out below:
      31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                            Unweighted amount                      amount
                                                                                                       6 months to
      Serial No.                                                            No maturity   < 6 months     12months    ≥ 12months
      Available stable funding (ASF) item
      1       Capital                                                          727,115             –             –       20,000    747,115
      2          Regulatory capital                                            715,415             –             –       20,000    735,415
      3          Other capital instruments                                      11,700             –             –            –     11,700
      4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                 customer                                                     1,715,542      613,169        17,493        2,828   2,140,931
      5          Stable deposits                                                528,533        1,751           102           60     503,927
      6          Less stable deposits                                         1,187,009      611,418        17,391        2,768   1,637,004
      7       Wholesale funding                                               2,522,586    1,657,968       467,602      259,686   2,297,689
      8          Operational deposits                                         2,102,219            –             –            –   1,051,109
      9          Other wholesale funding                                        420,367    1,657,968       467,602      259,686   1,246,580
      10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                         –            –             –            –           –
      11      Other liabilities                                                  40,708      171,616         3,443      109,790      19,825
      12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                             91,687
      13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                   above categories                                              40,708      171,616         3,443       18,103      19,825
      14      Total ASF                                                                                                           5,205,560
      Required stable funding (RSF) item
      15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                         210,619
      16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                 operational purposes                                            66,364          672             –            –      33,518
      17      Performing loans and securities                                    76,913    2,086,346     1,012,960    2,996,400   3,796,066
      18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                   by Level 1 HQLA                                                    –      206,369             –            –           –
      19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                   by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                   loans to financial institutions                               12,245      653,142       225,155       27,548    270,889
      20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                   loans to retail and small business customers, and
                   loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs,
                   of which:                                                          –    1,083,640       733,147    1,593,650   2,226,716
      21           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                       under the Basel II standardized approach for
                       credit risk                                                    –      127,300       102,607      181,401     232,865
      22         Performing residential mortgages, of which:                          –       32,683        27,011    1,219,094   1,064,314
      23           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                       under the Basel II standardized approach
                       for credit risk                                                –            –             –            –           –
      24         Securities that are not in default and do not qualify as
                   HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                     64,668       110,512        27,647      156,108    234,147
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                        –             –             –            –          –
      26      Other assets                                                     129,313        10,833         1,041      121,099    193,797
318   China Merchants Bank             IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
            31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                 Unweighted amount                      amount
                                                                                                            6 months to
            Serial No.                                                           No maturity   < 6 months     12months    ≥ 12months
            Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
            27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                      7,971                                              6,775
            28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts
                        and contributions to default funds of CCPs                                                               100         85
            29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                  85,118          –
            30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                        variation margin posted                                                                               93,369     18,674
            31        All other assets not included in the above categories         121,342        10,833         1,041       35,881    168,263
            32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                8,827,209    195,940
            33       Total RSF                                                                                                         4,429,940
            34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                      117.51%



            30 September 2020
                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                 Unweighted amount                      amount
                                                                                                            6 months to
            Serial No.                                                           No maturity   < 6 months     12months    ≥ 12months
            Available stable funding (ASF) item
            1       Capital                                                         710,353             –             –       20,000    730,353
            2          Regulatory capital                                           698,653             –             –       20,000    718,653
            3          Other capital instruments                                     11,700             –             –            –     11,700
            4       Retail deposits and deposits from small business
                       customer                                                    1,575,168      643,807        15,382        1,878   2,037,687
            5          Stable deposits                                               495,740        1,890           111           52     472,907
            6          Less stable deposits                                        1,079,428      641,917        15,271        1,826   1,564,780
            7       Wholesale funding                                              2,194,647    2,063,232       227,606      333,984   2,192,182
            8          Operational deposits                                        1,936,170            –             –            –     968,085
            9          Other wholesale funding                                       258,477    2,063,232       227,606      333,984   1,224,097
            10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                        –            –             –            –           –
            11      Other liabilities                                                 33,196      216,750         3,939       87,195      16,141
            12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                            73,024
            13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                         above categories                                             33,196      216,750         3,939       14,171      16,141
            14      Total ASF                                                                                                          4,976,363
            Required stable funding (RSF) item
            15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                        139,650
            16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                       operational purposes                                           57,612          455             –            –      29,033
            17      Performing loans and securities                                   66,232    2,089,784     1,048,700    2,890,011   3,745,777
            18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                         Level 1 HQLA                                                      –      170,088             –            –           –
            19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                         non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                         loans to financial institutions                               8,047      641,393       238,011       44,776    286,711
China Merchants Bank            IX Financial Statements                                                                                                    319
Annual Report 2020



(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
      30 September 2020 (continued)

                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                              Unweighted amount                               amount
                                                                                                          6 months to
      Serial No.                                                           No maturity     < 6 months       12months       ≥ 12months
      Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
      20        Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                  loans to retail and small business customers, and
                  loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of which:              –      1,088,494         763,480       1,515,778       2,183,119
      21          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                     under the Basel II standardized approach for
                     credit risk                                                      –        116,217          91,813         156,398         205,673
      22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                           –         33,198          26,494       1,194,610       1,043,411
      23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                     under the Basel II standardized approach for
                     credit risk                                                      –               –               –               –               –
      24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                  as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                   58,185         156,611          20,715         134,847         232,536
      25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                        –               –               –               –               –
      26      Other assets                                                      73,709          25,582           1,663          85,309         131,548
      27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                      8,308                                                           7,062
      28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                  contracts and contributions to default funds
                  of CCPs                                                                                                          167              142
      29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          67,898                –
      30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                  variation margin posted                                                                                       74,373          14,875
      31        All other assets not included in the above categories           65,401          25,582            1,663         17,244         109,469
      32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                        8,857,550         200,309
      33      Total RSF                                                                                                                      4,246,317
      34      Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                    117.19%

      Note:

      (i)     The Group calculates net stable funding ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks” and
              relevant statistical regulations.

      (ii)    Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time bucket do not have a stated maturity. These may include, but are not limited to, items such
              as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded
              commodities.

      (iii)   The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
              of variation margin posted”.
320   China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                         2020
                                                                     USD             HKD            Others            Total
                                                                                 (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          514,789           42,491            76,940         634,220
            Spot liabilities                                     498,529           27,393            70,538         596,460
            Forward purchased                                    496,469            9,019            87,616         593,104
            Forward written                                      512,955           14,274            89,931         617,160
            Net option position                                   11,721              169            (2,754)          9,136
            Net long position                                     11,495           10,012              1,333         22,840
            Net structural position                                9,537           31,120              1,005         41,662

                                                                                         2019
                                                                     USD              HKD              Others          Total
                                                                                  (in millions of RMB)
            Non-structural position
            Spot assets                                          472,674           43,884            68,777         585,335
            Spot liabilities                                     436,787           33,306            74,813         544,906
            Forward purchased                                    419,254            9,124            79,215         507,593
            Forward written                                      444,655            9,237            69,488         523,380
            Net option position                                    2,222             (127)              349           2,444
            Net long position                                     12,708           10,338              4,040         27,086
            Net structural position                                8,460           32,540              1,046         42,046

            The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
            Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
            branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
            –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
            –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
            –      Investments in subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank       IX Financial Statements                                                                            321
Annual Report 2020



(F) International claims
      The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all claims on third
      parties outside Mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Mainland China as
      international claims.
      International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
      holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
      International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
      area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
      into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
      is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
      located in another country.
                                                                                     2020
                                                              Banks
                                                          and other            Public
                                                           financial           sector
                                                        institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions
        in Mainland China                                  131,081              6,050           111,106           248,237
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                 65,102             35,237           150,158           250,497
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                  37,344             33,862           135,236           206,442
      Europe                                                 7,936              1,175            19,162            28,273
      North and South America                               35,131             28,197            30,223            93,551
      Total                                                239,250             70,659           310,649           620,558

                                                                                     2019
                                                               Banks
                                                           and other            Public
                                                            financial           sector
                                                         institutions          entities           Others              Total
      Foreign currencies transactions
        in Mainland China                                    91,598             1,702            75,452           168,752
      Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                  43,077            37,338           144,295           224,710
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                   24,941            34,766           124,101           183,808
      Europe                                                 10,951             2,346            17,928            31,225
      North and South America                                32,918            45,085            50,046           128,049
      Total                                                178,544             86,471           287,721           552,736
322   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
            Operation in Mainland China
                                                                     2020                         2019
                                                                            % of gross                      % of gross
                                                                             loans and                       loans and
                                                                              advances                        advances
                                                                            covered by                      covered by
                                                                          collateral or                    collateral or
                                                              Amount     other security    Amount        other security
            Transportation, storage and postal services       381,898               42     306,642                   33
            Property development                              342,667               53     308,342                   55
            Manufacturing                                     256,173               36     240,717                   32
            Production and supply of electric power,
               heating power, gas and water                   161,777               39     144,530                   34
            Leasing and commercial services                   143,805               28     144,377                   22
            Wholesale and retail                              132,055               38     151,278                   34
            Construction                                      101,442               21      95,279                   23
            Finance                                            74,892               43      63,420                   32
            Telecommunications, software and
               IT services                                     54,491               35      51,406                   28
            Water, environment and
               public utilities management                     52,911               46      57,044                   51
            Mining                                             31,097               31      29,744                   34
            Others                                             65,330               27      59,640                   32
            Corporate loans and advances subtotal            1,798,538              40    1,652,419                  36
            Discounted bills                                  327,479              100     226,040                 100
            Residential mortgage                             1,264,466             100    1,098,673                100
            Credit cards                                       746,560               –      670,922                  –
            Micro-finance loans                                474,545              85      405,155                 89
            Others                                             156,713              25      152,193                 37
            Retail loans and advances subtotal               2,642,284              65    2,326,943                  65
            Gross loans and advances to customers            4,768,301              58    4,205,402                  56
China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements                                                             323
Annual Report 2020



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (continued)
      Operation outside Mainland China
                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                    % of gross                    % of gross
                                                                     loans and                     loans and
                                                                      advances                      advances
                                                                    covered by                    covered by
                                                                  collateral or                  collateral or
                                                       Amount    other security   Amount       other security
      Property development                              48,125              59     60,035                  51
      Finance                                           39,402              21     63,286                  37
      Transportation, storage and postal services       30,526              87     30,567                  90
      Manufacturing                                     26,962              31     20,994                  22
      Wholesale and retail                              17,720              37     11,579                  41
      Leasing and commercial services                   11,223              66     28,992                  61
      Telecommunications, software and
         IT services                                     9,644              19      4,494                  15
      Mining                                             9,579              36      9,445                  40
      Production and supply of electric power,
         heating power, gas and water                    8,636              24      5,553                  17
      Water, environment and
         public utilities management                     2,383              83      1,219                  86
      Construction                                       2,177              40      2,196                  24
      Others                                            12,317              62     11,215                  56
      Corporate loans and advances subtotal            218,694              47    249,575                  49
      Discounted bills                                   3,257             100          –                   –
      Residential mortgage                              10,349             100      9,475                100
      Credit cards                                         127               –        177                  –
      Micro-finance loans                                1,183              99        625                100
      Others                                            27,217              97     25,396                 95
      Retail loans and advances subtotal                38,876              97     35,673                  96
      Gross loans and advances to customers            260,827              55    285,248                  55
324   China Merchants Bank         IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (continued)
            When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/variety accounts for 10% or above of the total
            amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit impairment
            allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                           –Stage 2             –Stage 3
                                            Overdue loans    Impaired loans          –Stage 1    (Lifetime ECL- not       (Lifetime ECL-
                                             and advances     and advances     (12-month ECL)      credit-impaired)     credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                    4,019             3,759              9,042                  726               2,729
            Credit card                            20,065            12,424              7,428               13,630              11,770

                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                             –Stage 2            –Stage 3
                                             Overdue loans    Impaired loans         –Stage 1     (Lifetime ECL- not       (Lifetime ECL-
                                             and advances      and advances    (12-month ECL)        credit-impaired)    credit impaired)
            Residential mortgage                    3,985             2,752              9,038                  372                1,940
            Credit card                            18,349             9,033              4,869               15,969                8,645

            As at 31 December 2020, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
            held against impaired loans and advances is RMB6,262 million (31 December 2019: RMB7,421 million).
China Merchants Bank        IX Financial Statements                                       325
Annual Report 2020



(H) Overdue loans and advances to customers
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                         2020     2019
       Headquarters                                                     15,328   10,835
       Yangtze River Delta region                                        4,704    6,920
       Bohai Rim region                                                  6,370    6,324
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                           5,400    6,420
       Northeast region                                                  2,357    4,023
       Central region                                                    2,914    2,957
       Western region                                                    2,875    5,777
       Outside Mainland China                                              342      276
       Subsidiaries                                                        694      932
       Total                                                            40,984   44,464



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                         2020     2019
       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been overdue
         with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
        – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                            10,445    9,015
        – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                            9,667   11,273
        – over 12 months                                                20,872   24,176
       Total                                                            40,984   44,464
       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances:
        – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                            0.21%    0.20%
        – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                           0.19%    0.25%
        – over 12 months                                                0.41%    0.54%
       Total                                                            0.81%    0.99%
326   China Merchants Bank              IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (H) Overdue loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                                 2020                         2019
            Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                     15,148                       11,849
            Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   25,315                       32,483
            Value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                       43,862                       46,032

            The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2020 was
            RMB150 million (2019: RMB1 million).
            Note:    The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                     Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                     For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                     classified as overdue.

                     Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                     repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
                     limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                     The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
                     of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
                     realisation experience as well as market situation. Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to
                     the gross advance had been included in the “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (I)   Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                                                           2020                                            2019
                                                                                                      % of total                                       % of total
                                                                                                      loans and                                        loans and
                                                                                 Amount                advances                   Amount                advances
            Rescheduled loans and advances to
              customers (Note)                                                     24,878                   0.49%                  25,022                   0.56%
            Less:
              – Rescheduled loans and advances
                  overdue more than 90 days                                        15,169                   0.30%                  19,255                   0.43%
              – Rescheduled loans and advances
                  overdue less than 90 days                                          9,709                  0.19%                    5,767                  0.13%

            Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

            The amount of the Group’s rescheduled loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2020 was 1
            million (2019: 1 million).



      (J) Non-bank mainland china exposures
            The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
            in the Mainland China. As of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, most of the Bank’s exposures arose
            from businesses with Mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
            counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements                                                                           327
Annual Report 2020



(K) Corporate governance
      Board committees
      The Board of Directors has established six committees including the Strategy Committee, Audit committee, Related
      Party Transactions Control Committee, Risk and Capital Management Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee and Nomination Committee.


      (i)     Strategy Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Strategy Committee are:
              –        to formulate the operational goals and medium-to-long term development strategies of the Bank, and
                       make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
              –        to consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
              –        to supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
              –        to evaluate and monitor the implementation of Board resolutions; and
              –        to make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the
                       Board of Directors.


      (ii)    Audit Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Audit Committee are:
              –        to propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
              –        to monitor the internal audit system of the Bank and its implementation, and evaluate the work
                       procedures and work effectiveness of its internal audit department;
              –        to coordinate the communication between internal auditors and external auditors;
              –        to audit the financial information of the Bank and disclosure of such information, and is responsible
                       for the annual audit work of the Bank, including issue of a conclusive report on whether the
                       information contained in the audited financial statements is true, accurate, complete and updated,
                       and submit the same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
              –        to examine the internal control system of the Bank, and make recommendations for improvement in
                       the internal control of the Bank;
              –        to review and supervise the mechanism for the Bank’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct
                       in respect of financial reports, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Bank always
                       handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
              –        to examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Bank;
                       and
              –        any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


      (iii)   Related Party Transactions Control Committee
              Main authorities and duties of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee are:
              –        to identify connected persons of the Company according to relevant laws and regulations;
              –        to inspect, supervise and review major related party transactions and continuing related party
                       transactions, and to control the risks associated with related party transactions;
              –        to review the administrative measures on related party transactions of the Bank, and to monitor the
                       establishment and improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Bank;
                       and
              –        to review the announcements on related party transactions of the Bank.
328   China Merchants Bank          IX Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2020



      (K) Corporate governance (continued)
            Board committees (continued)
            (iv)   Risk and Capital Management Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are:
                   –         to supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Bank in relation to credit risk,
                             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk
                             and other risks;
                   –         to make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and
                             capital status of the Bank;
                   –         to perform relevant duties under the advanced capital measurement method pursuant to the
                             authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
                   –         to submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Bank;
                   –         to arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of
                             Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (v)    Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:
                   –         to study the appraisal standards for directors and senior management, and conduct appraisals and
                             make recommendations based on the actual conditions of the Bank;
                   –         to study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior
                             management of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the
                             implementation of such proposals;
                   –         to review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.


            (vi)   Nomination Committee
                   Main authorities and duties of the Nomination Committee are:
                   –         to review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise,
                             knowledge and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any change to
                             the Board of Directors to implement the strategies of the Bank according to the Bank’s business
                             operations, asset scale and shareholding structure of the Bank;
                   –         to study the standards and procedures for selection of directors and senior management, and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
                   –         to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for directors and senior management;
                   –         to conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for directors and senior management and make
                             recommendations to the Board of Directors; and
                   –         any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
                        We are here     Just for you




                         http: //www.cmbchina.com
Add: China Merchants Bank Tower, No 7088, Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen, China
                           Tel: + 86 755 8319 8888
                           Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                              Postcode: 518040
