H Share Stock Code : 03968




               Annual Report
China Merchants Bank         Contents                                                1
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Contents

2      Definitions
2      Significant Risk Warning
3      Important Notice
4      Chairman’s Statement
8      President’s Statement
13     Chapter I Company Information
18     Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
22     Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
       22     3.1    Analysis of Overall Operation
       22     3.2    Analysis of Income Statement
       29     3.3    Analysis of Balance Sheet
       33     3.4    Analysis of Loan Quality
       39     3.5    Analysis of Capital Adequacy
       42     3.6    Results of Operating Segments
       43     3.7    Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
       43     3.8    Implementation of Development Strategies
       47     3.9    Key Business Concerns in Operation
       58     3.10 Business Operation
       78     3.11 Risk Management
       84     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
87     Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
98     Chapter V Corporate Governance
141    Chapter VI Important Events
149    Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
161    Chapter VIII Financial Statements
2   China Merchants Bank         Definitions / Significant Risk Warning
    Annual Report 2022 (H share)



    Definitions

    The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants                    China Merchants Fund or CMFM:
    Bank:
                                                                     China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                     CIGNA & CMAM:
    The Group:
                                                                     CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited
    China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries
                                                                     CMB Europe S.A.:
    CBIRC:
                                                                     China Merchants Bank (Europe) Co., Ltd. (招商銀行(歐洲)
    China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission                有限公司)
    CSRC:                                                            CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
    China Securities Regulatory Commission                           CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:                                MUCFC:
    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                          Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
    Hong Kong Listing Rules:                                         CMB YunChuang:
    The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK        CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
                                                                     100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
    CMB Wing Lung Bank:
                                                                     CMB Network Technology:
    CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                                                     China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
    CMB Wing Lung Group:
                                                                     Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
    CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries                          indirectly

    CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:                                  Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                                                     Accountants LLP:
    CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
    CMB International Capital or CMBIC:
                                                                     LLP (Special General Partnership)
    CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited
                                                                     SFO:
    CMB Wealth Management:
                                                                     Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
    CMB Wealth Management Company Limited                            Laws of Hong Kong)
                                                                     Model Code:
                                                                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                                                     Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange




    Significant Risk Warning

    The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the adopted risk management measures.
    Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
China Merchants Bank         Important Notice                                                                                    3
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Important Notice

1.     The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
       confirm that the contents in this annual report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations,
       misleading statements or material omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such
       contents.
2.     The 15th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company was convened at the Shenzhen
       Training Centre on 24 March 2023. The meeting was presided by Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
       14 out of 15 eligible Directors attended the meeting in person. Due to business engagement, Su Min, Non-Executive
       Director, was absent from the meeting and appointed Zhang Jian (Non-Executive Director) as her proxy to attend the
       meeting. 9 Supervisors of the Company were present at the meeting. The convening of the meeting complied with
       the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of
       China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..
3.     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (both being auditors
       of the Company) have separately audited the 2022 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC
       Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Financial Reporting Standards, and have separately
       issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.
4.     Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this report are expressed in RMB.
5.     Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Wang Liang, President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Board
       of Directors, Peng Jiawen, Executive Assistant President and Chief Financial Officer and Li Li, the person in charge of
       the Finance and Accounting Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and
       completeness of the financial statements in this report.
6.     The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a cash dividend of RMB1.738 (tax inclusive)
       for every ordinary share for the year of 2022. The implementation of the profit appropriation plan is subject to
       consideration and approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. In 2022, the Company did not transfer any capital
       reserve into share capital.
7.     We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
       results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
       “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
       are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
       forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
       prove to be correct. Therefore, they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not
       place undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
       forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
       of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
       the actual results.
4   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2022 (H share)



    Chairman’s Statement

    The year 2022 unfolded in a monumental and uplifting way with the successful opening of the 20th National Congress of
    the CPC. It was also a year when CMB achieved remarkable accomplishments against headwinds. Against the backdrop of
    turbulent global environment, mounting domestic “triple pressures” (contracted demand, disrupted supply and weakened
    expectations) and the impact of a spate of unpredictable factors, CMB steadily fulfilled the requirements of “maintaining
    stability in four areas” (strategy, corporate governance mechanism, operation management and talent team) under the
    general keynote of making steady progress, and brought about dynamically balanced development in respect of “Quality,
    Efficiency and Scale”. In terms of effective quality improvement, the return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to
    the Bank’s ordinary shareholders continuously rose to a high level of 17.06%. The non-performing loan ratio remained
    below 1% and the allowance coverage ratio was 450.79%, demonstrating our strong risk compensation ability. In terms
    of reasonable scale growth, we recorded total assets exceeding RMB10 trillion, retail assets under management (AUM)
    exceeding RMB12 trillion, and deposits increment of more than RMB1 trillion. Our customer base was further consolidated
    as the number of retail customers increased to 184 million and corporate customers increased to 2,526,100.


    Pursuing progress, we maintained high-quality growth that transcended economic cycles. The acceleration of major
    changes unseen in a century, the norms to embrace uncertainties and instabilities in the global political, economic and
    financial landscape, the divergence of monetary policy cycles between the United States and China, the shift of China’s
    economy from rapid growth stage to high-quality growth stage, and the restructuring and upgrading of industries have
    all exerted profound impacts on the banking industry. In the face of cyclical fluctuations, we maintained our strategic
    determination by building our “Malik Curve” for transformation and development, expanding our capital-light business and
    strengthening our capital-heavy business. We enlarged our “circle of friends” by further increasing access to our wealth
    management platform, and propelled our extensive wealth management flywheel, leading to steady growth in our asset
    management, investment banking and custodian businesses. We maintained our advantage in low-cost liabilities, and
    continuously optimised asset allocation, allowing the Bank to become resilient in terms of net interest margin. We made
    every effort to build a “Six All” comprehensive risk management system to enhance our cyclical risk prevention and control
    capabilities, which allowed us to effectively control risks in key areas and attain significant breakthroughs in unified risk
    management.


    Blazing new trails, we relied on innovation as the core driver of development. High-quality growth is, in essence,
    innovation-driven. Carrying with the “China Merchants Inheritance, Hailiao Spirit (海遼精神) and Shekou Gene”, we are
    committed to market-oriented mechanisms and innovation in products, services, technology and business models. The
    sci-tech finance service system has been put in place. We piloted sci-tech finance sub-branch in branches to provide
    professional services for enterprises pursuing technology and innovation, with a balance of nearly RMB300.0 billion in loans
    extended to technology enterprises1, representing a 45% growth. With our continuous investments in Fintech, we took
    another lead in the industry in terms of Fintech as we successfully completed a full-scale cloud deployment on the basis of
    non-interruption of operation, non-shutdown of machines and no impact on clients. We empowered business expansion
    and improved management quality and efficiency through digitalisation. We also exported technological capabilities
    to serve clients’ digital transformation. Thanks to the application of our AI-powered intelligent customer service and
    other technologies, we relieved our staff from repetitive, time-consuming work equivalent to a workload of over 12,000
    individuals.


    Aspiring for good, we are committed to serving the real economy and fulfilling our corporate social responsibility.
    We care for society, and leverage the strategic opportunity of the government’s initiative for expanding domestic demand
    in China to provide financial services for the high-quality growth of the real economy and people’s needs for better
    livelihoods. We vigorously supported the high-quality growth of the manufacturing industry, which was demonstrated by
    the fact that our loans to the manufacturing industry grew by 39%, including a 55% increase in medium- and long-term
    loans. We established the inclusive finance departments in our Head Office and branches so that our financial services
    become more accessible and inclusive, thus contributing to “an increase in both loans and clients” under the inclusive
    finance segment. The Bank as a whole has been actively engaged in social welfare, and as a part of our commitment to
    “continuously offering support to households relieved from the poverty”, we have been assisting impoverished households
    in Wuding and Yongren counties in Yunnan province for 23 years in a row, during which we have been actively involved
    in social welfare projects and have been carrying out public welfare donations and volunteer service activities. We care for


    1
        Represents loans granted to technology enterprises such as “specialised, competitive, distinguished, and innovative (專精特新)” enterprises, high-tech
        enterprises and technology-based SMEs by the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement                  5
Annual Report 2022 (H share)




                                                    Miao Jianmin
                                                    Chairman
6   China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement
    Annual Report 2022 (H share)


    our clients with the original aspiration of “being customer-centric and creating value for customers”. We iterated the “CMB
    TREE Asset Allocation Service System” to enhance client companionship and focused on improving customer experience
    of their long-term holding of wealth management products amid the complex and volatile market environment. We care
    for our staff by adopting strict as well as caring attitude in management, under the people-oriented mechanism and the
    “Six Can-do” mechanism. CMB was selected as one of the top three best employers in China by Zhaopin.com in 2022. We
    are environment-friendly as we formulated the “Green Development Plan of CMB “ (         《招商銀行綠色發展規劃》             ) and fully
    implemented the ESG concept. In 2022, our green loans increased by 35%, significantly higher than the overall growth rate
    of loans. Our MSCI ESG rating for 2022 was “A”, maintaining the best level among publicly listed banks in the domestic
    market.


    “Our performances look like low-hanging fruits but are actually hard-earned results”. Having withstood major
    internal and external challenges and undergone market pressure tests, we navigated through 2022 with greater stability
    and pragmatism in development, greater prudence and consistency in risk control, and greater determination in improving
    modern corporate governance with the Chinese characteristics and pursuing professional and market-oriented development.
    A grand blueprint has been unveiled to promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation through a Chinese path
    to modernisation. Keeping in mind the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven
    development, leading model and distinguished features”, we will better integrate ourselves into the overall development of
    the country with our own high-quality growth to serve the real economy and guard the risk bottom line, thus contributing
    our efforts to the Chinese path to modernisation.


    － Focusing on value creation. We are determined to pursue business success and committed to creating value for our
    customers, employees, shareholders, partners and society. By creating value for our customers, employees, partners and
    society, we will ultimately create value for our shareholders. We will further our commitment in investor communications in
    order to attract more investors, and we will arouse more market interest towards the Chinese market, Chinese assets and
    CMB.


    － Accelerating the transformation of business model. We will strengthen capital-heavy business while expanding
    capital-light business, aiming to strike a balance between them. We will strengthen capital-heavy business by improving
    asset structure, optimising asset allocation and enhancing asset pricing capabilities in order to promote the rapid
    development of sci-tech finance, green finance and inclusive finance. We will also expand capital-light business by
    developing extensive wealth management. We will improve on-boarding and risk management to develop a high-value
    business cycle chain involving “wealth management – asset management – investment banking”. By highlighting that
    capital-heavy business is the foundation of capital-light business, we will have an industry-leading business model through
    the balanced development between these two businesses.


    － Pursuing innovation-driven development. We have been willing, passionate and able to pursue innovations. As we
    did in the past, we dare to break new grounds. We vigorously promote the development of sci-tech finance, and accelerate
    the launching of sci-tech finance sub-branches and the integration of investment banking business and commercial banking
    business to create a full life-cycle sci-tech finance service system, thus facilitating the virtuous cycle of “technology –industry
    – finance”. We will continue to enhance Fintech input and accelerate the full application of Fintech to support business
    transformation and enhance operational efficiency.
China Merchants Bank         Chairman’s Statement                                                                             7
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


The year 2023 marks the beginning of the full implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and is crucial
for the implementation of “the 14th Five-Year Plan”. We will make sure that our strategic insights penetrate looming
mirage, our strategic determination weathers disturbing noises, and our strategic implementation overcomes ups and
downs. Bearing in mind that “in vain talks a country languishes, on solid work it flourishes”, we will embrace innovation
and live up to the times and move forward with courage. With our passion and incessant innovation, we will write a new
legendary chapter of high-quality growth of CMB and achieve further success in the Chinese path to modernisation.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Chairman




24 March 2023
8   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
    Annual Report 2022 (H share)



    President’s Statement

    In 2022, in the face of the complicated and volatile operating environment at home and abroad, the management of
    the Bank resolutely pursued the strategic objectives set by the Board of Directors, adhered to the dynamically balanced
    development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”, and maintained strategic determination, overcame the impact arising from
    many adverse factors, and achieved a stable operation by”stabilising our strategies, mechanisms and workforce”, thereby
    achieving the expected operating objectives.
    We continued to consolidate the fortress-style balance sheet and achieved good operating results. As of the
    end of 2022, total assets of China Merchants Bank amounted to RMB10.14 trillion, reaching a new milestone of RMB10
    trillion; net operating income amounted to RMB344.740 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.02%; and net
    profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB138.012 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
    15.08%; ROAA and ROAE were 1.42% and 17.06%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.06 and 0.10 percentage
    point, respectively; asset quality remained stable with a non-performing loan ratio of 0.96% and an allowance coverage
    ratio of 450.79%, demonstrating our risk compensation capability remaining strong; the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
    and capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.68% and 17.77%, up by 1.02 and 0.29
    percentage point from the end of the previous year, respectively, maintaining an endogenous capital growth.
    We resolutely implemented the development strategies determined by the Board of Directors and vigorously
    advanced high-quality growth. We further consolidated the dominant position of retail finance. The number of our
    retail customers reached 184 million, and net operating income from retail businesses accounted for 55.52%; our wealth
    management capability was further enhanced as we took the “Original Aspiration Plan” as a carrier to fully promote the
    “CMB TREE Assets Allocation Service System”. Total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers amounted
    to RMB12.1 trillion, and the number of customers holding wealth management products exceeded 43.00 million and the
    number of private banking customers surpassed 130,000. Moreover, we further improved and strengthened the businesses
    of corporate finance, investment banking and financial markets, and asset management, deepened the corporate customer
    service system featuring segmentation and classification-based management and strengthened our capabilities in industry
    professionalisation and investment banking and commercial banking integration services. As a result, the number of our
    corporate customers reached 2,526,100; the balance of aggregate financing products to corporate customers (FPA) was
    RMB5.12 trillion; the total value of bonds with the Bank as the leading underwriter reached RMB675.001 billion; the
    trading volumes on behalf of the corporate customers amounted to USD221.980 billion; the total assets under custody
    business stood firm at RMB20 trillion, and total amount of asset management business2 reached RMB4.41 trillion. We
    adhered to the business logic of the value creation chain of “volume growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value
    growth”. We achieved a reasonable growth in volume and effective quality improvement, promoted value creation and
    achieved high-quality growth by putting pricing, costs, risks and capital under control. We adhered to the core values of
    “being customer-centric and creating values for customers” and continuously improved our customer service capabilities.
    We embraced long-termism and abandoned commercial opportunism without compromising long-term development for
    short-term interests. We increased efforts to enhance the three major capabilities of “wealth management, Fintech and
    risk management” and forged our sustainable development capability. We pushed forward comprehensive operations and
    international management. In addition, we proactively put into practice of the strategic vision of “building the best value
    creation bank with innovation-driven development, leading model and distinguished features”.
    We thoroughly conducted management reforms and constantly improved operation management. We continued to
    consolidate risk management foundation, established the risk concept of “equally emphasising risk control, risk management
    and risk operation”, optimised the risk management organisation structure, and established the risk management system
    covering “all customers, all assets, all risks, all institutions, all processes and all factors”. We also fostered the compliance
    culture of “compliance first, compliance creates value and compliance starts at the top”, and built a fortress-style overall
    risk and compliance management system. Our capacity for refined management was further improved. We enhanced
    standardised management, improved systems, optimised processes, and established the management rules which are
    open, transparent, widely recognised, systematically complete and effective. We also strengthened data-based governance,
    maintained a strong information base, optimised system functions for more accurate and scientific decision-makings. We
    enhanced differentiated management, unleashed the development vitality of different management bodies, and tapped on
    the growth potential in key areas and niche fields. Our cost management efficiency kept improving. We kept optimising
    cost structure by retaining necessary expenses and reducing those with lower priority to formulate a more efficient input-
    output structure, resulting in “two consecutive drops” in cost-income ratio. Furthermore, we improved performance
    management, practiced the value-oriented performance guidance, optimised the full-process performance management
    system, and improved the accuracy, scientificity and effectiveness of performance evaluation.



    2
        Refers to the total asset management business of several subsidiaries of the Company, namely CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund,
        CIGNA & CMAM and CMB International Capital.
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                                9
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


We accelerated digital transformation to create a “digital bank”. We successfully completed the three-year cloud
migration project, and initially constructed a new Fintech infrastructure consisting of “one cloud and two middle offices
(data office and technology office)”, which consolidated the Bank’s foundation for digital transformation and injected a
strong impetus to the innovation-driven initiatives. Focusing on online, data-based, intelligent, platform-based and ecological
operation, we promoted digital reshaping in respect of customers, channels, businesses, products and management, in
an effort to create a “digital bank”. We continued to enhance the “people + digitalisation” capability in retail finance.
The online operation rate of wholesale finance was improved significantly, empowering the digital transformation of
corporate customers with Fintech offerings such as treasury management cloud and Xin Fu Tong (薪福通). The efficiency of
management and operation was improved significantly, with the AI-powered technologies and other technologies relieving
our staff from repetitive, time-consuming work equivalent to a workload of over 12,000 individuals. We further invested in
Fintech with the accumulative information technology expenses reaching RMB14.168 billion during the year, representing
a year-on-year increase of 6.60%; and we also strengthened the building of a talent pool which hosted 10,800 technology
talents at the end of the year, up by 8.00% from the end of the previous year.
We continued to build up talent pool and promote the CMB culture. Inheriting the good tradition of “running bank
with expertise”, we always respect experts and cherish talents. We strengthened the “Six Can-do” mechanism (六能機
制, management staff can be promoted or demoted; remuneration can be increased or decreased; qualified talents can
be recruited and those unqualified can be dismissed). We attracted talents with career prospects at CMB, improved the
standardised multi-level talent development and training system, enhanced the professional capabilities of our employees
and fostered a broad platform for employees to realise their career aspirations. We inspired our employees with the CMB
culture, promoted the “people-centred” culture of “respect, care and sharing”, strengthened the work style of “service,
enterprising spirit, pragmatism, innovation and incisiveness”, and further boosted the strength, cohesion and unity of the
whole bank.
We proactively implemented the ESG concept and demonstrated CMB commitments. We have established the
responsibility system of “environment, society and governance”, and strove to create greater social value and facilitate
high-quality growth in economy and society while pursuing commercial value. As a result, we ranked among domestic top
players in both the MSCI and S&P ESG ratings. We were keen to explore sustainable developments in green finance, sci-
tech finance and inclusive finance, and bolstered the virtuous cycle of “technology, industry and finance”, resulting in a
higher growth in green finance, sci-tech finance and SME inclusive finance loans when compared to the average of all
loans of the Bank at the end of the year. We gave full play to the advantages of Fintech and retail businesses to promote
people’s livelihood. We improved the work mechanisms for protecting consumers’ rights and interests, and focused on
the traceability and rectification of issues that customers most frequently complain about, so as to improve customer
satisfaction. We kept giving back to society with a loving heart and donated a total of RMB94.76 million to society in the
year.
2022 marks the 35th anniversary of the establishment of CMB. Over the past 35 years, China Merchants Bank has grown
into one of the top-tiered banks in the world from having only one outlet with an initial capital of RMB100 million and 34
employees. Such impressive achievement was attributable to the great reform and opening-up initiatives through which
China has developed into the world’s second largest economy. It also benefited from CMB’s “five insistences”, that is,
unswervingly insisting on the “Two Consistent Principles”, insisting on the path of marketisation and professionalisation,
insisting on the innovation-driven development, insisting on the differentiated development strategies and insisting on
the prudent risk management philosophy. Moreover, it was also the result of generations of CMBers inheriting “China
Merchants Inheritance and Shekou Genes” and practicing the strong call of “In vain talks a country languishes, on solid
work it flourishes” in the great era.
2022 is also the 20th anniversary of A-share listing of CMB. China Merchants Bank has achieved a qualitative leap through
two listings of A shares and H shares in which it has greatly improved its corporate governance and management level,
accelerated the process of aligning with international standards, and improved its market influence and brand image.
We maintained continuously rapid growth in both operating income and profit, and distributed a cumulative dividend of
RMB259.6 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 17.35% for the A-share price (after reversion) and 16.24% for
the H-share price (after reversion), bringing lucrative returns to Shareholders and thus gaining long-term trust and support
from various investors.
In 2022, under the strong leadership of the Board of Directors, we withstood internal and external challenges and the
stress test in capital markets and maintained stable development momentum, demonstrated development resilience, and
fully reflected our strengths in corporate governance, strategies, management and culture. We showcased our continuous
efforts, and strived to achieve adequate communication, thus enabling us to continuously gain the trust from shareholders,
investors and the market participants, and strong support from regulators, customers and all walks of life. All of this has
further strengthened our confidence in creating a better future.
10   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)




                                                          Wang Liang
                                                          President and Chief Executive Officer
China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement                                                                               11
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


Looking forward to 2023, the international and domestic business environment will remain severe and complex, while
China’s economic development seeks progress while maintaining stability, our risk pressure has been effectively alleviated.
Under the background where the effectiveness and efficiency of proactive fiscal policy has been enhanced and prudent
monetary policy has been more precise and powerful, opportunities will outweigh the challenges in the banking
development. “Those who do always succeed, and those who walk always arrive at destinations”. We will adhere to the
principle of seeking excellence while maintaining stability and making progress in excellence, proactively serve real economy,
resolutely safeguard the bottom line of risks, and comprehensively improve management level, persist in the dynamically
balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale” so as to bring stable return to investors in the long term.
Looking ahead, the banking industry in China is seeing changes in trend. Given that the progress of interest rate
liberalisation and financing disintermediation has been accelerating, the extensive wealth management is in the ascendant
and the integration of investment banking and commercial banking is gaining momentum, we must speed up the
transformation to adapt to these trends and seize the opportunities. On the basis of further strengthening the result of
retail banking strategy and light-model banking strategy, we take value creation bank as our strategic objective so as to
maximize the comprehensive value of customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society. We insist on promoting
the coordinated development of our four major sectors, namely retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and
financial markets, wealth management and asset management, strengthening our capital-heavy business, expanding our
capital-light business and intensifying our existing advantages so as to create a new “Malik Curve” and open up a new
chapter of high-quality growth.




China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
President and Chief Executive Officer




24 March 2023
12   China Merchants Bank         President’s Statement
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)




                                                          Xiong Liangjun
                                                          Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                          13
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Company Information

1.1 Company Profile
      1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: 招商銀行股份有限公司 (Abbreviated Name in Chinese: 招商銀行)
            Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.


      1.1.2 Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
            Authorised Representatives: Wang Liang, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
            Secretary of the Board of Directors: Wang Liang
            Joint Company Secretaries: Wang Liang, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
            Securities Representative: Xia Yangfang


      1.1.3 Registered and Office Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
            China


      1.1.4 Contact Details:
            Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
            Postcode: 518040
            Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
            Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
            E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
            Website: www.cmbchina.com
            Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
            Credit card complaint hotline: +86 400 820 5555-7


      1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong: 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central,
            Hong Kong, the PRC


      1.1.6 Share Listing:
            A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                      Abbreviated Name of A Shares: CMB
                      Stock Code: 600036
            H Shares: SEHK
                      Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                      Stock Code: 03968
            Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                          Abbreviated Name of Shares: Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優 1)
                                          Stock Code: 360028
14   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           1.1.7 Domestic Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                    Office Address: 30th Floor, Bund Centre, 222 Yan’an Road East, Shanghai, China
                                    Certified Public Accountants for Signature: Wu Lingzhi, Sun Weiqi
                 International Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                         Office Address: 35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong, the PRC


           1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: JunHe LLP
                 Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills


           1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares:
                 China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
                 Address: 188 South-Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC
                 Tel: +86 4008 058 058
                 Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares:
                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
                 Address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC
                 Tel: +852 2862 8555
                 Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd.,
                 Shanghai Branch

           1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:
                  The Chinese mainland: “China Securities Journal” (www.cs.com.cn), “Securities Times” (www.stcn.com),
                                           “Shanghai Securities News” (www.cnstock.com)
                                           website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                                           website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
                  Hong Kong:               website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                           website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)
                  Place for maintenance of periodic reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company

     1.2 Corporate Business Overview
           Founded in 1987 with its Head Office in Shenzhen, China, the Company is a commercial bank with distinctive
           operating features and market influence in China. The Company mainly focuses on the market in China. The
           Company’s branches primarily cover major cities in the Chinese mainland, as well as international financial centres
           such as Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. The Company was listed on Shanghai
           Stock Exchange in April 2002 and the SEHK in September 2006.
           The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
           treasury businesses for proprietary purpose and on behalf of customers. Many innovative products and services
           of the Company have been well received by the market. Retail banking services include the “All-in-one”multi-
           function debit card, credit card account and payment settlement services, classified wealth management services
           including the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and private banking services, retail credit services, CMB
           APP, CMB Life APP, “All-in-one Net”, a comprehensive online banking service platform, and other online services.
           Wholesale banking services include payment and settlement, wealth management, investment and financing and
           digital services, cash management, sci-tech finance, green finance, inclusive finance, supply chain finance and cross-
           border finance services, asset management, asset custody and investment banking. The Company continues to
           tap further into the living and business circles of customers to provide customers with customised, intelligent and
           comprehensive solutions for their supply chains and investment chains.
           The Company has continued to deepen its strategic transformation and come up with the strategic vision of
           “building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven development, leading model and distinguished
           features” based on the internal and external situation and its own development. In line with the trend of steady
           advancement of China’s common prosperity initiative underpinned by the transformation and upgrading of
           traditional industries and the development and growth of emerging industries, the Company actively serves the
           real economy, helps people realise their dreams for a better life, and strives to create more value for customers,
           employees, shareholders, partners and the society. Over the past year, the Company achieved fruitful results,
           unleashed innovation vitality, optimised and upgraded business model, steadily enhanced the three major capabilities
           in wealth management, Fintech and risk management, implemented ESG concept, further reinforced its core
           competitiveness.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information                                                                      15
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



1.3 Development Strategies
      Strategic vision:         We are committed to building the best value creation bank with innovation-driven
                                development, leading model and distinguished features.
      Strategic objectives:     Building a value creation bank.
                                In light of the advantages of retail banking which is less cyclically relevant, and the
                                advantages of endogenous growth of capital benefiting from the “Light-model Bank”, the
                                Company upholds the philosophy of win-win business and business for common good to
                                grow into a value creation bank. The Company manages to maximise the comprehensive
                                value of customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, as well as creating
                                a new pattern of high-quality growth, aiming to become a world-class commercial bank.
      Core Value:               Being customer-centric and creating values for customers.
      Strategic focus:          Focusing on the building of three capacities of “wealth management, Fintech and risk
                                management”, we promote the evolution of organisational culture. Based on the needs of
                                the country and enterprises and the ability of China Merchants Bank, we fully perform the
                                ESG responsibilities, serve the real economy and meet the needs of people’s livelihood to
                                create a new stage for high-quality growth.
      Expanding wealth management business and accelerating the transformation of the business model. With
      a cyclic customer chain formed by the entire customer base, we will improve our customer service system featuring
      segmentation and classification-based management and build a customer structure that is in line with the social
      development and national economic transformation. With a product portfolio chain based on all our products,
      we will establish a service system of integrating investment banking and commercial banking, and strive to be the
      principal bank for settlement and wealth management, the principal bank and the first-inquiry bank preferred by our
      customers. With the asset and capital organisation chain consolidated with the entire market as resources, we will
      combine internal and external efforts to enhance the systematisation of asset organisation, build all-market-oriented
      asset management capabilities, and strengthen the ability to circulate large amount of funds on and off balance
      sheet. With the goal of collaborative growth, we will build a regional development chain and promote multi-
      polarisation development to form a development landscape driven by both the whole bank integration and regional
      differentiation.
      Optimising Fintech and accelerating comprehensive digital transformation. Focusing on online, data,
      intelligence, platform and ecology, we will comprehensively promote the digital reshaping of financial infrastructure
      and capability system, customers and channels, businesses and products, management and decision-making, in order
      to provide a strong impetus for building a value creation bank.
      Strengthening risk management and building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management
      system. Adhering to the prudent risk management concept, using Fintech as the tool, and taking a prudent risk
      appetite as a guarantee, we will create a “Six All” risk management system covering all customers, all assets, all
      risks, all institutions, all processes, and all factors to support operation of the value creation bank.
      Pursuing the core values and building the cultural and organisational foundation for a value creation
      bank. Firstly, we will create a cultural system featuring openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness; secondly,
      we will establish an organising team for supporting our strategies and creating value together; thirdly, we will set up
      a social value system for the environment, society and governance.
16   China Merchants Bank         Chapter I Company Information
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     1.4 Honors and Awards
           In 2022, the Company received a number of honors and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
           including:
           •      On the list of “The Top 500 Banking Brands 2022” released by The Banker (UK) in February 2022, the
                  Company ranked 10th with a brand value of USD24.370 billion.
           •      In February 2022, in the selection results of the “2022 Private Banking and Wealth Management Survey”
                  released by Euromoney, the Company was once again awarded the “Best Private Bank/Wealth Manager
                  Overall of PRC”, which also marked the Company’s 12th time to win such an award.
           •      In May 2022, in the selection results of the second Annual Sustainable Finance Awards 2022 released
                  by the US-based Global Finance magazine, the Company won the Award for “Outstanding Leadership in
                  Sustainability Transparency in the Asia-Pacific Region”.
           •      In June 2022, the Company was awarded the “Best Retail Bank in China” in “Asia Trailblazer Awards 2022”
                  hosted by Retail Banker International.
           •      In June 2022, at the awards ceremony for the “2022 All-Asia Executive Team” held by the US-based
                  Institutional Investor Magazine, the Company championed several awards, including “Honored Companies”,
                  “Best IR Company”, and “Best ESG Company”.

           •      In July 2022, the Company ranked 11th, in terms of Tier 1 Capital, on the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks
                  2022” released by The Banker (UK), up 3 places in terms of ranking from the previous year and remaining in
                  top 20 for five consecutive years.
           •      In July 2022, the Company received the award of “Best Bank in China” at the “2022 Awards for Excellence”
                  ceremony staged by Euromoney for the fourth consecutive year, which marked the first “4 Consecutive
                  Championships” in its awarding history.
           •      The list of Fortune Global 500 was officially released in August 2022, on which the Company appeared for
                  11 consecutive years, ranking the 174th in terms of operating income.
           •      The results of “2022 International Excellence in Retail Financial Services Awards”announced by the Asian
                  Banker Journal in August 2022, the Company was once again awarded “The Best Wealth Management Bank
                  in China”.
           •      In September 2022, in the latest rating of the “2022 Market Leaders” published by Euromoney, the Company
                  received the highest ratings in four sectors, namely, corporate banking, corporate social responsibility (CSR),
                  ESG and digital solutions.
           •      In September 2022, in the selection results of the “ Global Finance’s 15th Annual China Star” awards
                  released by the US-based Global Finance magazine, the Company was honored with four awards, namely,
                  “The Best Transaction Service Bank” “The Best Corporate Social Responsibility Bank” “The Best Wealth
                  Management Bank” and “The Best Sustainable Investment Private Bank”.
           •      In December 2022, the Company won “Top Three Best Employers”, “Most Socially Responsible Employer”
                  and “Most Admired Employer by Women” at the awards ceremony for the “Best Employer in China 2022”
                  jointly organised by Zhaopin.com and Institute of Social Science Survey, Peking University.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators   17
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Addressing customers’
wide variety of needs
is our top priority
18   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     Summary of Accounting Data
     and Financial Indicators
     2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                                                          Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                         2022                    2021                            +/-%
            Operating Results
            Net operating income(1)                                                              344,740                 331,407                             4.02
            Profit before tax                                                                    165,113                 148,173                            11.43
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                  138,012                 119,922                            15.08
            Per Share (RMB)
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders of
              the Bank(2)                                                                             5.26                    4.61                          14.10
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
              of the Bank                                                                             5.26                    4.61                          14.10

                                                                                         31 December              31 December                             Changes
            (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)                                    2022                     2021                                +/-%
            Volume Indicators
            Total assets                                                                     10,138,912               9,249,021                              9.62
              of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                              6,051,459               5,570,034                              8.64
            Total liabilities                                                                 9,184,674               8,383,340                              9.56
              of which: total deposits from customers(3)                                      7,535,742               6,347,078                             18.73
            Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                               945,503                 858,745                             10.10
            Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank (RMB)(2)                                                     32.71                   29.01                           12.75

            Notes:

            (1)      Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of joint
                     ventures and associates.

            (2)      The Company issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017, and issued perpetual bonds in 2020 and 2021, all of which were classified as
                     other equity instruments. In addition, the Company paid dividends on preference shares and interests on perpetual bonds in 2022. Therefore,
                     when calculating the indicators such as basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, return on average equity attributable
                     to ordinary shareholders and net assets per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, dividends on the preference shares and interests on
                     perpetual bonds have been deducted from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank”, while the preference shares and perpetual
                     bonds shall be deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net assets”.

            (3)      Unless otherwise stated, the balance of the relevant financial instrument items herein and set out below exclude accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                                        19
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



2.2 Financial Ratios
       (%)                                                                                            2022                     2021                     Changes
       Profitability indicators
       Return on average assets attributable to shareholders of                                       1.42                      1.36          Increased by 0.06
         the Bank                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Return on average equity attributable to ordinary                                             17.06                    16.96           Increased by 0.10
         shareholders of the Bank                                                                                                              percentage point
       Net interest spread(1)                                                                         2.28                      2.39         Decreased by 0.11
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       Net interest margin(2)                                                                         2.40                      2.48         Decreased by 0.08
                                                                                                                                               percentage point
       As percentage of net operating income
         – Net interest income                                                                       63.30                    61.53           Increased by 1.77
                                                                                                                                             percentage points
             – Net non-interest income                                                               36.70                    38.47          Decreased by 1.77
                                                                                                                                             percentage points
       Cost-to-income ratio(3)                                                                       32.89                    33.11          Decreased by 0.22
                                                                                                                                               percentage point

                                                                                         31 December               31 December                     Changes over
       (%)                                                                                      2022                      2021                    2021 year-end
       Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
         Measurement Approach (4)
       Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                            13.68                    12.66          Increased by 1.02
                                                                                                                                             percentage points
       Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                 15.75                    14.94          Increased by 0.81
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Capital adequacy ratio                                                                        17.77                    17.48          Increased by 0.29
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Equity to total assets                                                                         9.41                      9.36         Increased by 0.05
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Asset quality indicators
       Non-performing loan ratio                                                                      0.96                      0.91         Increased by 0.05
                                                                                                                                              percentage point
       Allowance coverage ratio (5)                                                                450.79                   483.87         Decreased by 33.08
                                                                                                                                            percentage points
       Allowance-to-loan ratio (6)                                                                    4.32                      4.42        Decreased by 0.10
                                                                                                                                              percentage point

                                                                                                      2022                     2021                     Changes
       Credit cost ratio      (7)
                                                                                                      0.78                      0.70          Increased by 0.08
                                                                                                                                               percentage point

       Notes:

       (1)       Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

       (2)       Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

       (3)       Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges, provisions for
                 insurance claims and the depreciation charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties and others.

       (4)       As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio
                 under the Weighted Approach were 11.52%, 13.25% and 14.68% respectively.

       (5)       Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

       (6)       Allowance-to-loan ratio = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.

       (7)       Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers × 100%,
                 the average of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans
                 and advances to customers at the end of the period)/2.
20   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     2.3 Five-year Financial Summary
            (in millions of RMB)                              2022         2021          2020          2019        2018
            Results for the year
            Net operating income                           344,740      331,407       290,279       269,788     248,444
            Operating expenses                             122,061      116,879       102,814        91,497      81,110
            Impairment losses                               57,566       66,355        65,025        61,159      60,837
            Profit before tax                              165,113      148,173       122,440       117,132     106,497
            Net profit attributable to shareholders of
              the Bank                                     138,012      119,922         97,342       92,867      80,560
            (RMB)
            Per Share
            Dividend (tax inclusive)                          1.738        1.522         1.253          1.20        0.94
            Basic earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.26         4.61          3.79          3.62        3.13
            Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Bank                         5.26         4.61          3.79          3.62        3.13
            Year-end net assets attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               32.71        29.01         25.36        22.89       20.07
            (in millions of RMB)
            Year end
            Share capital                                    25,220      25,220         25,220        25,220      25,220
            Total shareholders’ equity                      954,238     865,681        730,354       617,707     543,605
            Total liabilities                             9,184,674   8,383,340      7,631,094     6,799,533   6,202,124
            Deposits from customers                       7,535,742   6,347,078      5,628,336     4,844,422   4,400,674
            Total assets                                 10,138,912   9,249,021      8,361,448     7,417,240   6,745,729
            Total loans and advances to customers         6,051,459   5,570,034      5,029,128     4,490,650   3,933,034
            (%)
            Key Financial Ratios
            Return on average assets attributable to
              shareholders of the Bank                         1.42         1.36          1.23          1.31        1.24
            Return on average equity attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Bank               17.06        16.96         15.73        16.84       16.57
            Cost-to-income ratio                              32.89        33.11         33.33        32.08       31.04
            Non-performing loan ratio                          0.96         0.91          1.07         1.16        1.36
            Credit cost ratio                                  0.78         0.70          0.98         1.29        1.58
            Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under
              the Advanced Measurement Approach               13.68        12.66         12.29        11.95       11.78
            Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   15.75        14.94         13.98        12.69       12.62
            Capital adequacy ratio under the
              Advanced Measurement Approach                   17.77        17.48         16.54        15.54       15.68
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators   21
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Technology boosts service efficiency
without compromising our
service standards
22   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     Management Discussion and Analysis

     3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation
           In 2022, adhering to the philosophy of achieving dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and
           Scale”, the Group carried out various businesses in a sound manner, whereby the scale of assets and liabilities and
           net profit have grown steadily, and the asset quality has been generally stable.
           During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB344.740 billion, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 4.02%; realised a net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB138.012
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.08%; realised the net interest income of RMB218.235 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 7.02%; and realised the net non-interest income of RMB126.505 billion,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.77%. The return on average asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of
           the Bank and return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.42% and
           17.06%, up by 0.06 percentage point and 0.10 percentage point year-on-year, respectively.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB10,138.912 billion, representing
           an increase of 9.62% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
           amounted to RMB6,051.459 billion, representing an increase of 8.64% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB9,184.674 billion, representing an increase of 9.56% as compared with
           the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB7,535.742 billion, representing an
           increase of 18.73% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of non-performing loans of RMB58.004 billion,
           representing an increase of RMB7.142 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
           loan ratio was 0.96%, representing an increase of 0.05 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
           year. The allowance coverage ratio was 450.79%, representing a decrease of 33.08 percentage points as compared
           with the end of the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.32%, representing a decrease of 0.10
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.2 Analysis of Income Statement
     3.2.1 Financial highlights
           During the reporting period, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB165.113 billion, representing a year-on-
           year increase of 11.43%. The effective income tax rate was 15.64%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.81
           percentage points. The following table sets out the changes in major income/loss items of the Group during the
           reporting period.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                    2022              2021           Changes
           Net interest income                                                  218,235           203,919            14,316
           Net fee and commission income                                         94,275            94,447              (172)
           Other net income                                                      29,705            29,011               694
           Operating expenses                                                  (122,061)         (116,879)           (5,182)
           Expected credit losses                                               (56,751)          (65,962)            9,211
           Impairment losses on other assets                                       (815)             (393)             (422)
           Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                      2,525             4,030            (1,505)
           Profit before tax                                                    165,113           148,173            16,940
           Income tax                                                           (25,819)          (27,339)            1,520
           Net profit                                                           139,294           120,834            18,460
           Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                  138,012           119,922            18,090
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  23
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.2.2 Net operating income
      During the reporting period, the Group realised net operating income of RMB344.740 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 4.02%, of which net interest income accounted for 63.30% and net non-interest income
      accounted for 36.70% with a year-on-year decrease of 1.77 percentage points in terms of share of the net non-
      interest income in net operating income.



3.2.3 Interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB353.380 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 8.05%, mainly due to the increase in interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and
      advances to customers continued to be the largest component of the interest income of the Group.
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      During the reporting period, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was
      RMB265.601 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.96%.
      The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
      average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                         2022                                     2021
      (in millions of RMB,                Average        Interest     Average       Average        Interest     Average
      except for percentages)             balance         income     yield (%)      balance        income      yield (%)
      Corporate loans                    2,250,662        86,754          3.85    2,095,664        80,575           3.84
      Retail loans                       3,089,371       168,174          5.44    2,869,358       159,124           5.55
      Discounted bills                     510,242        10,673          2.09      399,173        10,963           2.75
      Loans and advances to
        customers                        5,850,275       265,601          4.54    5,364,195       250,662           4.67

      During the reporting period, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of
      the Group, the average balance of short-term loans was RMB2,184.862 billion with the interest income amounting
      to RMB105.009 billion, and the average yield reached 4.81%; the average balance of medium-to-long term loans
      was RMB3,665.413 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB160.592 billion, and the average yield
      reached 4.38%. The average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium-to-long term loans, which
      was mainly attributable to the higher yield of credit card loans and micro-finance loans in short-term loans and the
      higher proportion thereof.
      Interest income from investments
      During the reporting period, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB65.808 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 17.39%. The average yield of investments was 3.24%, representing a year-
      on-year decrease of 11 basis points, which was mainly attributable to the cumulative impact of the downward
      market interest rates in recent years.
      Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
      During the reporting period, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other
      financial institutions was RMB13.489 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.54%, and the average yield
      of balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions was 2.09%, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 16 basis points, which was primarily attributable to the year-on-year increase in yield of balances and
      placements with banks and other financial institutions denominated in foreign currencies because of the effect of
      the continuous rate hikes by the Federal Reserve.
24   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.2.4 Interest expense
           During the reporting period, the interest expense of the Group was RMB135.145 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 9.75%, mainly due to the increase in interest expense on deposits from customers.
           Interest expense on deposits from customers
           During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB105.836 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 25.50%, mainly due to the sustained rapid growth of deposits from
           customers as well as the increase in the cost ratio of deposits.
           The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expense and average cost ratios of the deposits from
           corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                              2022                                     2021
                                                                          Average                                   Average
           (in millions of RMB,                Average       Interest    cost ratio      Average       Interest    cost ratio
           except for percentages)             balance       expense           (%)       balance       expense           (%)
           Deposits from corporate
             customers
             Demand                           2,631,389        27,749          1.05    2,396,802       21,873           0.91
             Time                             1,755,394        46,698          2.66    1,485,640       39,854           2.68
              Subtotal                        4,386,783        74,447          1.70    3,882,442       61,727           1.59
           Deposits from retail customers
             Demand                           1,655,088         6,073          0.37    1,453,378        5,110           0.35
             Time                               913,786        25,316          2.77      637,653       17,495           2.74
              Subtotal                        2,568,874        31,389          1.22    2,091,031       22,605           1.08
           Total                              6,955,657      105,836           1.52    5,973,473       84,332           1.41

           Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial
           institutions of the Group amounted to RMB16.309 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.81%, which
           was primarily due to the sound growth in deposits from customers and the decrease in demand for deposits and
           placements from banks and other financial institutions as well as the decline in cost ratios.
           Interest expense on debt securities issued
           During the reporting period, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB9.662
           billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.90%, which was mainly due to the decrease in both daily average
           scale and cost ratio of interbank certificates of deposits issued.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      25
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.2.5 Net interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB218.235 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 7.02%.
      The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
      assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                              2022                                     2021
      (in millions of RMB,                     Average        Interest     Average       Average       Interest     Average
      except for percentages)                  balance         income     yield (%)      balance       income      yield (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers         5,850,275      265,601           4.54    5,364,195      250,662          4.67
      Investments                             2,029,578       65,808           3.24    1,672,594       56,059          3.35
      Balances with the central bank            557,031        8,482           1.52      533,863        7,792          1.46
      Balances and placements with banks
        and other financial institutions        644,938        13,489          2.09     649,046        12,543          1.93
      Total                                   9,081,822      353,380           3.89    8,219,698      327,056          3.98

                                                                          Average                                  Average
      (in millions of RMB,                     Average       Interest    cost ratio      Average      Interest    cost ratio
      except for percentages)                  balance       expense           (%)       balance      expense           (%)
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                 6,955,657      105,836           1.52    5,973,473       84,332          1.41
      Deposits and placements from banks
        and other financial institutions        996,819        16,309          1.64    1,076,618       18,083          1.68
      Debt securities issued                    322,784         9,662          2.99      410,711       12,532          3.05
      Borrowings from the central bank          122,194         2,828          2.31      276,773        7,635          2.76
      Lease liabilities                          13,408           510          3.80       13,977          555          3.97
      Total                                   8,410,862      135,145           1.61    7,751,552      123,137          1.59
      Net interest income                               /    218,235               /            /     203,919              /
      Net interest spread                               /           /          2.28             /           /          2.39
      Net interest margin                               /          /           2.40             /           /          2.48

      During the reporting period, the average yield of our interest-earning assets of the Group was 3.89%, representing
      a year-on-year decrease of 9 basis points; the average cost ratio of our interest-bearing liabilities was 1.61%,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 2 basis points; the net interest spread was 2.28%, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 11 basis points and the net interest margin was 2.40%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8
      basis points. For the analysis of the reasons behind the decrease in the net interest margin, please refer to 3.9.1 “Net
      interest margin” in this Chapter.
26   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in
           volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volume were measured by changes
           in average balances, while changes in interest rates were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
           changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volumes and interest rates have been
           included in the amount of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in volume.
                                                                                       2022 compared to 2021
                                                                           Increase (decrease) due to               Net increase
           (in millions of RMB)                                                Volume      Interest rate              (decrease)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers                                         21,912              (6,973)           14,939
           Investments                                                             11,589              (1,840)            9,749
           Balances with the central bank                                             370                 320               690
           Balances and placements with banks and other financial
             institutions                                                             (92)             1,038                946
           Changes in interest income                                              33,779              (7,455)           26,324
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers                                                 14,933              6,571             21,504
           Deposits and placements from banks and other financial
             institutions                                                          (1,343)               (431)            (1,774)
           Debt securities issued                                                  (2,624)               (246)            (2,870)
           Borrowings from the central bank                                        (3,562)             (1,245)            (4,807)
           Lease liabilities                                                          (21)                (24)               (45)
           Changes in interest expense                                              7,383              4,625             12,008
           Changes in net interest income                                          26,396             (12,080)           14,316

           The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and annualised average yield/
           cost ratio of assets and liabilities of the Group for the periods indicated.
                                                  October to December 2022                     July to September 2022
                                                                        Annualised                                   Annualised
           (in millions of RMB,                Average       Interest     average        Average         Interest      average
           except for percentages)             balance        income     yield (%)       balance          income      yield (%)
           Interest-earning assets
           Loans and advances to customers    6,004,655       67,485          4.46     5,928,303          66,912           4.48
           Investments                        2,209,149       18,044          3.24     2,067,350          16,742           3.21
           Balances with the central bank       561,051        2,289          1.62       548,779           2,170           1.57
           Balances and placements with
             banks and other financial
             institutions                       601,940        3,771          2.49          604,711         3,106          2.04
           Total                              9,376,795       91,589          3.88     9,149,143          88,930           3.86

                                                                      Annualised                                  Annualised
                                                                        average                                     average
           (in millions of RMB,                Average       Interest  cost ratio        Average         Interest  cost ratio
           except for percentages)             balance       expense         (%)         balance         expense         (%)
           Interest-bearing liabilities
           Deposits from customers            7,292,633       28,485          1.55     7,081,701          27,560           1.54
           Deposits and placements from
             banks and other financial
             institutions                     1,008,086        4,395          1.73          990,687         3,954          1.58
           Debt securities issued               236,036        1,841          3.09          279,947         2,176          3.08
           Borrowings from the central bank     118,681          656          2.19          113,830           674          2.35
           Lease liabilities                     12,925          107          3.28           13,370           128          3.80
           Total                              8,668,361       35,484          1.62     8,479,535          34,492           1.61
           Net interest income                         /      56,105              /               /       54,438              /
           Net interest spread                         /           /          2.26                /            /           2.25
           Net interest margin                         /           /          2.37                /            /           2.36

           In the fourth quarter of 2022, the net interest margin of the Group was 2.37% and its net interest spread was
           2.26%, representing an increase of 1 basis point, as compared to the previous quarter.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                    27
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.2.6 Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB126.505 billion, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 0.77%. The components are as follows:
      Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB94.275 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.18%.
      Among the fee and commission income, fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to
      RMB30.903 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.28%; fee and commission income from asset
      management amounted to RMB12.457 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.75%; income from bank
      card fees amounted to RMB21.399 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.44%; income from settlement
      and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.051 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.26%; commission
      income from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB5.753 billion, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of 8.99%; commission income from custody businesses amounted to RMB5.791 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 6.59%; and income from others amounted to RMB12.018 billion, representing a year-on-
      year increase of 15.82%. For analysis of the main reasons for changes in fee and commission income, please refer
      to “Net non-interest income” in 3.9.2 under this chapter.
      Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB32.230 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.45%, of
      which net investment income amounted to RMB18.013 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.07%, which
      was mainly due to the increase in spread income of transactions in the financial markets; net profit or loss from
      changes in fair value amounted to RMB-2.675 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB2.767 billion,
      mainly due to the decrease in fair value of bond investment and non-monetary fund investment; the net exchange
      gain amounted to RMB3.600 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.43%, mainly due to the increase in
      exchange gains arising from the foreign currency-denominated monetary items; and other net income amounted to
      RMB10.767 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.00%, mainly due to the increase in income generated
      from operating leasing business of CMB Financial Leasing, which amounted to RMB8.785 billion.
      In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance amounted to RMB60.026 billion,
      representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.45% and accounting for 47.45% of the Group’s net non-interest income;
      the net non-interest income from wholesale finance amounted to RMB51.635 billion3, representing a year-on-
      year decrease of 1.40% and accounting for 40.82% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net non-interest
      income from other businesses amounted to RMB14.844 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.67% and
      accounting for 11.73% of the Group’s net non-interest income.
                                                                                                                                               Changes
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                                  2022                    2021                  +/-%
      Fee and commission income(note)                                                           103,372                102,318                     1.03
        Fees and commissions from wealth management                                              30,903                 36,053                   -14.28
        Fees and commissions from asset management                                               12,457                 10,856                    14.75
        Bank card fees                                                                           21,399                 19,377                    10.44
        Settlement and clearing fees                                                             15,051                 13,902                     8.26
        Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                      5,753                  6,321                    -8.99
        Commissions from custody businesses                                                       5,791                  5,433                     6.59
        Others                                                                                   12,018                 10,376                    15.82
      Fee and commission expense                                                                 (9,097)                (7,871)                   15.58
      Net fee and commission income                                                               94,275                 94,447                   -0.18
      Other net non-interest income                                                               32,230                 33,041                   -2.45
       Other net income                                                                           29,705                 29,011                    2.39
          Net investment income                                                                   18,013                 17,822                    1.07
          Net profit/(loss)from fair value change                                                 (2,675)                    92                     N/A
          Net exchange gain                                                                        3,600                  3,351                    7.43
          Other net income                                                                        10,767                  7,746                   39.00
       Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                           2,525                  4,030                  -37.34
      Total net non-interest income                                                             126,505                127,488                     -0.77

      Note:    Fees and commissions from wealth management include income from agency distribution of funds, income from agency distribution of
               insurance policies, income from agency distribution of trust schemes, income from agency sales of wealth management services, income from
               securities brokerage and income from agency distribution of precious metals. Fees and commissions from asset management mainly include the
               income from the issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds, wealth management and asset management
               plans of our subsidiaries, China Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth Management and CIGNA & CMAM. Commissions
               from custody businesses include income from basic asset custody services and value-added services. Others mainly include income from
               underwriting of debt and equity, income from service fees from securitisation of credit assets, income from consultancy and advisory services
               and income from other intermediate businesses. In 2022, the Group optimised the disclosure calibre of the breakdown items of “fees and
               commissions from wealth management” and “others”, and adjusted the comparative data of the previous year in accordance with the same
               calibre.

3
      Since 2022, the Group has adjusted CMB Financial Leasing to the wholesale finance business segment from other business segments, resulting in the
      adjustment to the comparative figures of the corresponding period of the previous year.
28   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.2.7 Operating expenses
           During the reporting period, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB122.061 billion, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 4.43%, among which staff costs amounted to RMB70.657 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 7.01%. Other operating expenses4 amounted to RMB51.404 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 1.09%. With the goal of shaping the Bank into “the Best Fintech Bank“, the Group has maintained the scale
           of investment in Fintech development by continuously consolidating its technological foundation and accelerating
           the pace of digital transformation. At the same time, the Group adheres to cost refinement management. On the
           one hand, it continues to promote the transformation of scientific and technological innovation into productivity
           while strengthening the monitoring and control of input and output; on the other hand, by proactively optimising
           expenses, the Group has cut back on venue operating costs, streamlined daily expenses, and refined the allocation
           of expenses and resources so as to continuously improve cost efficiency. The cost-to-income ratio of the Group
           during the reporting period was 32.89%, representing a decrease of 0.22 percentage point as compared with the
           previous year.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                      2022                      2021
           Staff costs                                                                                            70,657                    66,028
           Depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                                                         15,720                    14,519
           Other general and administrative expenses                                                              32,319                    33,249
           Allowances for insurance claims                                                                           360                       311
           Taxes and surcharges                                                                                    3,005                     2,772
           Total operating expenses                                                                              122,061                   116,879



     3.2.8 Expected credit losses
           During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB56.751 billion, representing a year-
           on-year decrease of 13.96%.
           The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
           Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                      2022                      2021
           Loans and advances to customers                                                                        45,157                    37,020
           Financial investments                                                                                   3,879                    15,848
           Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                (3,284)                    6,110
           Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan
              commitments                                                                                           7,112                     5,639
           Others                                                                                                   3,887                     1,345
           Total expected credit losses                                                                           56,751                    65,962

           The Group adopted the Financial Instruments Standards to prudently make allowances for credit risk losses while
           consistently consolidating the capability to offset risks in key areas by using the expected credit loss model and the
           risk quantification parameters such as the probability of customer defaults and the loss given defaults, after taking
           into consideration the adjustments in macro perceptiveness. During the reporting period, expected credit losses
           of loans and advances to customers of the Group were RMB45.157 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of RMB8.137 billion, which was mainly attributable to the additional allowances for expected credit risk losses on
           loans made by the Group after taking into account the slowdown in economic growth and further release of real
           estate customer risks; expected credit losses relating to financial investment was RMB3.879 billion, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of RMB11.969 billion, which was mainly due to the decrease of the allowances recognised
           during the reporting period as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year based on the specific
           credit risk profile during the reporting period and the previous allowance basis; expected credit losses relating to the
           amounts due from banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB-3.284 billion, representing a year-on-
           year decrease of RMB9.394 billion, which was mainly due to, on the one hand, the significant decrease in the size
           of the amounts purchased under resale agreements as compared with the end of the previous year, which reversed
           the allowances for credit risk losses, on the other hand, relative stability of the asset quality of interbank financing
           business, resulting in reversal of partial allowances for credit risk losses based on their actual risk profiles during the
           reporting period. Other expected credit losses amounted to RMB3.887 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
           of RMB2.542 billion, which was mainly due to the prudent allowances for credit risk losses on lease receivable, fees
           receivable and other receivables during the reporting period.



     4
           Other operating expenses include depreciation, amortisation, leases, taxes and surcharges, allowances for insurance claims and various other
           administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                        29
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet
3.3.1 Assets
          As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB10,138.912 billion, up by
          9.62% from the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in loans and advances to
          customers and bond investments of the Group.
          The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group. To
          maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.1 Assets” were still analysed on the
          statistical calibre excluding interest receivable, except for the following table, in which interest receivable calculated
          using the effective interest method was included.
                                                                                     31 December 2022                               31 December 2021
                                                                                            Percentage of                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                 the total                                             the total
          (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               Amount   amount(%)                             Amount          amount (%)
          Total loans and advances to customers                                    6,062,913                    59.80            5,580,885                60.34
          Allowances for impairment losses on loans                                 (255,759)                   (2.52)            (245,494)               (2.65)
          Net loans and advances to customers                                      5,807,154                    57.28            5,335,391                57.69
          Investment securities and other financial assets                         2,815,204                    27.77            2,224,041                24.05
          Cash, precious metals and balances with
            the central bank                                                          605,989                     5.98             571,847                 6.18
          Inter-bank transactions(1)                                                  631,598                     6.23             799,372                 8.64
          Goodwill                                                                      9,999                     0.10               9,954                 0.11
          Other assets(2)                                                             268,968                     2.64             308,416                 3.33
          Total assets                                                           10,138,912                   100.00             9,249,021              100.00

          Notes:

          (1)      Including deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions and amounts held under resale agreements.

          (2)      Including fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets and other assets.



3.3.1.1   Loans and advances to customers
          As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
          RMB6,051.459 billion, representing an increase of 8.64% as compared with the end of the previous year; total loans
          and advances to customers accounted for 59.69% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 0.53 percentage
          point as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers of the
          Group, please refer to 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
30   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.3.1.2   Investment securities and other financial assets
               The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
               denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.
               The following table sets forth the components of investment securities and other financial assets of the Group by
               line items.
                                                                                         31 December 2022                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                         Percentage                                 Percentage
                                                                                                        of the total                                of the total
               (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                              Amount         amount (%)                 Amount          amount (%)
               Derivative financial assets                                                 18,671                  0.67              23,390                 1.06
               Financial investments at fair value through profit
                  or loss                                                                423,467                  15.19           348,123                  15.82
                 – Bond investments                                                      215,081                   7.72           176,764                   8.03
                 – Others(note)                                                          208,386                   7.47           171,359                   7.79
               Debt investments at amortised cost                                      1,536,397                  55.13         1,169,652                  53.16
                 – Bond investments                                                    1,452,499                  52.12         1,078,888                  49.03
                 – Non-standardised credit asset investments                             126,698                   4.55           129,851                   5.90
                 – Others                                                                    648                   0.02               620                   0.03
                 – Less: allowances for impairment losses                                (43,448)                 (1.56)          (39,707)                 (1.80)
               Debt investments at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income                                                     771,271                 27.67            628,355                 28.56
               Equity investments designated at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                                                13,416                  0.48               6,995                 0.32
               Investments in joint ventures and associates                                23,844                  0.86              23,654                 1.08
               Total investment securities and
                 other financial assets                                                2,787,066                100.00          2,200,169                100.00

               Note:    Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, long position in precious metal contracts and others.



               Derivative financial instruments
               As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
               the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.
                                                                   31 December 2022                                         31 December 2021
                                                                                  Fair value                                               Fair value
                                                          Notional                                                Notional
               (in millions of RMB)                        amount              Assets        Liabilities          amount               Assets          Liabilities
               Interest rate derivatives                 1,543,237             6,428             (6,109)        2,641,846             11,877            (11,991)
               Currency derivatives                        874,230            11,376            (11,671)        1,186,030             10,041            (14,054)
               Other derivatives                            92,258               867               (856)          139,931              1,472             (1,237)
               Total                                     2,509,725            18,671            (18,636)        3,967,807             23,390            (27,282)

               The above table shows the notional amount and fair value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments by their
               remaining maturity on each balance sheet date. The notional amount refers only to the transaction volumes that
               have not yet been due or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the value at risk.
               During the reporting period, the two-way fluctuation of RMB exchange rate increased and the interest-rate
               derivatives market generally showed a range-bound feature. As an integrated market maker in the interbank RMB
               and foreign exchange market and a quote provider for derivatives in the local currency market, the Group was
               committed to improving the effectiveness of pricing for derivatives and proactively providing liquidity to the market.
               Meanwhile, by continuously leveraging its professional advantages in financial market derivative transactions, the
               Group kept up its effort in publicising the exchange rate risk-neutral management concept and method, helping
               customers carry out hedging transactions, and managing various market risks, as a result of which the number of
               customers served and transaction volumes continued to grow.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                   31
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


          Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss of
          the Group amounted to RMB423.467 billion, with bond and fund investments etc. being the major categories. The
          investments were made by the Group based on assessments of, among other factors, macroeconomic, monetary and
          fiscal policies, industrial policies and market supply and demand, so as to obtain investment income by capturing
          trading opportunities in the market. During the reporting period, funding was stable in general, bond yields fell, and
          interest rates rebounded at the end of the year. The Group aggressively increased its positions in high-coupon short-
          and medium-term PRC government bonds, and took profit at the end of the third quarter, achieving substantial
          returns. For details, please refer to Note 23(a) to the financial statements.
          Debt investments at amortised cost
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost amounted to
          RMB1,536.397 billion. Among them, the bond investments mainly involved bonds issued by the PRC government
          and policy banks. This type of investment was held on a long-term basis for the strategic allocation of assets and
          liabilities of the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of banking books and liquidity
          management, while taking into account returns and risks. For details, please refer to Note 23(b) to the financial
          statements.
          Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income of the Group amounted to RMB771.271 billion, with interest rate bonds such as PRC government bonds
          and policy bank bonds and medium-to-high rating quality debenture bonds being the major categories. This type
          of investment was made by the Group based on research and analysis on the bond market, with the purpose of
          obtaining investment return by capturing investment and allocation opportunities in the market and constantly
          optimising asset allocation structure. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.
          Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
          As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB13.416 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
          equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
          significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
          The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities
          (in millions of RMB)                                                                       31 December 2022            31 December 2021
          Official authorities                                                                                   1,600,274                  1,205,718
          Policy banks                                                                                             494,628                    390,387
          Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                                        232,923                    168,483
          Others                                                                                                   111,026                    119,419
          Total bond investments                                                                                 2,438,851                  1,884,007

          Note:   “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the Central Bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
                  enterprises.



          Investments in joint ventures and associates
          As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates amounted to
          RMB23.844 billion, up 0.80% from the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
          of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group was zero. For
          details, please refer to Note 25 and Note 26 to the financial statements.
3.3.1.3   Goodwill
          In compliance with the International Accounting Standards, at the end of the reporting period, the Group conducted
          an impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China Merchants Fund
          and other companies and determined that provision for impairment was not necessary for the reporting period. As
          at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment losses on goodwill of
          RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.999 billion.
32   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.3.2 Liabilities
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB9,184.674 billion,
           representing an increase of 9.56% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
           to the faster growth in deposits from customers.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group. To
           maintain the figures comparable, the financial instruments in section “3.3.2 Liabilities” were still analysed on the
           statistical calibre excluding interest payable, except for the following table, in which interest payable calculated
           using the effective interest method was included.
                                                                                            31 December 2022                              31 December 2021
                                                                                                              Percentage                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of the total                                   of the total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                     Amount           amount (%)                   Amount           amount (%)
           Deposits from customers                                                        7,590,579                    82.64           6,385,154                   76.16
           Inter-bank transactions(1)                                                       945,624                    10.30           1,081,328                   12.90
           Borrowings from the central bank                                                 129,745                     1.41             159,987                    1.91
           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
              loss and derivative financial liabilities                                       81,950                    0.89              91,043                     1.09
           Debt securities issued                                                            223,821                    2.44             446,645                     5.33
           Others(2)                                                                         212,955                    2.32             219,183                     2.61
           Total liabilities                                                              9,184,674                  100.00            8,383,340                  100.00

           Notes:

           (1)       Including deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and amounts sold under repurchase agreements.

           (2)       Including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and
                     other liabilities.



           Deposits from customers
           As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB7,535.742
           billion, representing an increase of 18.73% as compared with the end of the previous year. Deposits from
           customers, accounting for 82.05% of the total liabilities of the Group, were the major funding source of the Group.
           The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
           and customer type.
                                                                                            31 December 2022                              31 December 2021
                                                                                                              Percentage                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of the total                                   of the total
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                     Amount           amount (%)                   Amount           amount (%)
           Corporate customer deposits
             Demand                                                                       2,762,671                    36.66           2,652,817                   41.80
             Time                                                                         1,668,882                    22.15           1,406,107                   22.15
                 Subtotal                                                                 4,431,553                    58.81           4,058,924                   63.95
           Deposits from retail customers
            Demand                                                                        1,983,364                    26.32           1,557,861                   24.54
            Time                                                                          1,120,825                    14.87             730,293                   11.51
                 Subtotal                                                                 3,104,189                    41.19           2,288,154                   36.05
           Total deposits from customers                                                  7,535,742                  100.00            6,347,078                  100.00

           In 2022, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to that of the total deposits from
           customers of the Group was 61.63%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.82 percentage points. Among these,
           the daily average balance of corporate demand deposits accounted for 59.98% of that of the corporate deposits,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.75 percentage points; the daily average balance of retail demand deposits
           accounted for 64.43% of that of the retail deposits, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.08 percentage points.
           Affected by the volatility of the capital market, customers increased investments in time deposit products, leading to
           a decrease in the percentage of demand deposits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       33
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was RMB945.503
      billion, representing an increase of 10.10% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which retained
      profits amounted to RMB492.971 billion, representing an increase of 15.02% as compared with the end of the
      previous year; investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB11.815 billion, representing a decrease of 21.48%
      as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the decrease in the valuation of financial assets
      measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as compared to the end of the previous year; exchange
      difference on translation of foreign currency statement amounted to RMB2.009 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB4.153 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in RMB exchange
      rate.



3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality
3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification
      The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.
                                                                                   31 December 2022                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                   Percentage                                 Percentage
                                                                                                  of the total                                of the total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                Amount          amount (%)                 Amount          amount (%)
      Normal                                                                    5,919,985                  97.83           5,472,563                 98.25
      Special mention                                                              73,470                   1.21              46,609                  0.84
      Substandard                                                                  22,770                   0.38              17,490                  0.31
      Doubtful                                                                     23,737                   0.39              20,755                  0.37
      Loss                                                                         11,497                   0.19              12,617                  0.23
      Total loans and advances to customers                                     6,051,459                 100.00           5,570,034                100.00
      Non-performing loans                                                         58,004                   0.96              50,862                  0.91

      Note:   Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.



      During the reporting period, the Group insisted on strict classification of asset risks to truly reflect the asset quality.
      Affected by the slowdown in economic growth and the further release of risks from real estate customers, as at the
      end of the reporting period, the balance of our non-performing loans amounted to RMB58.004 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB7.142 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio
      of 0.96%, representing an increase of 0.05 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      balance of special-mentioned loans amounted to RMB73.470 billion, representing an increase of RMB26.861 billion
      as compared with the end of the previous year; the special-mentioned loan ratio was 1.21%, representing an
      increase of 0.37 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
34   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type
                                                                 31 December 2022                                              31 December 2021
                                                                                                  Non-                                                        Non-
                                                Loan and     Percentage           Non-      Performing        Loan and     Percentage            Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,                  advance          of the    performing       loan ratio        advance          of the     performing    loan ratio
           except for percentages)               balance       total (%)          loan            (%)(1)       balance       total (%)           loan         (%)(1)
           Corporate loans                      2,375,616           39.26         29,961           1.26      2,150,938           38.62        26,732           1.24
              Working capital loans               821,269           13.57          9,562           1.16        729,999           13.11        16,755           2.30
              Fixed asset loans                   864,880           14.29         14,123           1.63        821,259           14.74         7,267           0.88
              Trade finance                       289,605            4.79            330           0.11        257,428            4.63           397           0.15
              Others(2)                           399,862            6.61          5,946           1.49        342,252            6.14         2,313           0.68
           Discounted bills(3)                    514,054            8.49              –              –        431,305            7.74             –              –
           Retail loans                         3,161,789           52.25         28,043           0.89      2,987,791           53.64        24,130           0.81
              Micro-finance loans                 631,038           10.43          4,031           0.64        561,871           10.09         3,500           0.62
              Residential mortgage loans        1,389,208           22.96          4,904           0.35      1,374,406           24.68         3,821           0.28
              Credit card loans                   884,519           14.62         15,650           1.77        840,371           15.09        13,846           1.65
              Others(4)                           257,024            4.24          3,458           1.35        211,143            3.78         2,963           1.40
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                          6,051,459         100.00          58,004           0.96      5,570,034         100.00         50,862           0.91

           Notes:

           (1)          Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)          Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

           (3)          The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

           (4)          Consists primarily of general consumer loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans and other
                        personal loans secured by monetary assets.


           With regard to corporate loans, the Group steadily promoted improvement of the structure of customers,
           continuously strengthened the organisation and investment of high-quality assets, guided corporate credit resources
           to help bail out enterprises, thereby maintaining the quality of assets in a generally stable manner. As at the end
           of the reporting period, the balance of our corporate loans amounted to RMB2,375.616 billion, representing
           an increase of 10.45% as compared to the end of the previous year, with a corporate loan ratio of 39.26%,
           representing an increase of 0.64 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. As affected by
           significant risk exposure of some high-debt real estate enterprises and individual corporate customers with poor
           management, the balance of non-performing corporate loans amounted to RMB29.961 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB3.229 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio of
           corporate loans was 1.26%, up by 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With regard to retail loans, the Group actively promoted the innovation of product and business model, ensured
           credit support for small- and micro-sized customers, gave priority to customers with rigid housing demand and
           upgraders, and maintained a reasonable and moderate growth in residential mortgage loans, while continuing to
           adhere to the principle of stability and prudence, focusing on quality channels with a steady development of credit
           card business by acquiring valuable customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of our retail loans
           amounted to RMB3,161.789 billion, representing an increase of 5.82% as compared to the end of the previous year,
           with a retail loan ratio of 52.25%, representing a decrease of 1.39 percentage points as compared to the end of the
           previous year, of which micro-finance loans amounted to RMB631.038 billion, representing an increase of 12.31%
           as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, affected by the increased pressure of
           economic downturn, the non-performing loan ratios of micro-finance loans, residential mortgage loans and credit
           card loans all increased as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of non-performing retail loans amounted to RMB28.043 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.913
           billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 0.89%, up by 0.08
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, of which the balance of non-performing credit
           card loans amounted to RMB15.650 billion, representing an increase of RMB1,804 million as compared with the
           end of the previous year; and the non-performing loan ratio of credit card loans was 1.77%, up by 0.12 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                         35
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                           31 December 2022                                              31 December 2021
                                                                                 Non-                                                                      Non-
                                          Loan and Percentage         Non- Performing                   Loan and      Percentage           Non-      Performing
      (in millions of RMB,                 advance of the total performing loan ratio                    advance           of the    performing       loan ratio
      except for percentages)              balance         (%)        loan       (%)(1)                  balance        total (%)          loan            (%)(1)
      Corporate loans                    2,375,616            39.26         29,961            1.26     2,150,938           38.62         26,732             1.24
        Transportation, storage
           and postal services             492,248             8.14            948            0.19       445,603            8.00           2,945            0.66
        Property development               375,980             6.21         15,348            4.08       401,704            7.21           5,655            1.41
        Manufacturing                      465,712             7.70          4,781            1.03       333,398            5.99           6,871            2.06
        Production and supply of
           electric power, heat,
           gas and water                   212,893             3.52            468            0.22       194,688            3.50             658            0.34
        Leasing and commercial
           services                        161,750             2.67          1,784            1.10       174,758            3.14           4,054            2.32
        Wholesale and retail               180,709             2.99          1,836            1.02       147,272            2.64           3,726            2.53
        Finance                            112,114             1.85            440            0.39        95,333            1.71              90            0.09
        Construction                       105,770             1.75            435            0.41       120,934            2.17             569            0.47
        Information transmission,
           software and IT service           89,858            1.48            406            0.45        65,994            1.18             235            0.36
        Water conservancy,
           environment and
           public utilities                 64,996             1.07            100            0.15        65,248            1.17            175             0.27
        Mining                              40,495             0.67            521            1.29        34,505            0.62            786             2.28
        Others(2)                           73,091             1.21          2,894            3.96        71,501            1.29            968             1.35
      Discounted bills                     514,054             8.49              –               –       431,305            7.74              –                –
      Retail loans                       3,161,789            52.25         28,043            0.89     2,987,791           53.64         24,130             0.81
      Total loans and advances
        to customers                     6,051,459          100.00          58,004            0.96     5,570,034          100.00         50,862             0.91

      Notes:

      (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

      (2)         Consists primarily of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.



      The Group conscientiously implemented national policies and regulatory requirements, continued to improve the
      quality and efficiency of our financial services for the real economy, so as to help stabilise the macro economy,
      and further increase loans to relevant industries such as new growth engines, green economy, high-quality
      manufacturing industries, regional advantageous and characteristic industries, inclusive finance, sci-tech finance, as
      well as self-controllable industries to solidly promote the adjustment of the structure of customers and industries. As
      at the end of the reporting period, the balance of our loans extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to
      RMB465.712 billion, representing an increase of 39.69% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting
      for 7.70% of the total loans and advances to customers, up by 1.71 percentage points as compared with the end
      of the previous year. At the same time, the Group closely tracked changes in internal and external situations, and
      enhanced risk prevention and control in key areas such as real estate, local government financing platforms and
      industries under classified management5. During the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Group in
      terms of the real estate industry, financial industry, agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery and information
      transmission, software and information technology service industries increased due to the risk exposure of high-debt
      real estate enterprises and individual corporate customers with poor management.




5
      Industries under classified management is a term coined by the Company and refers to 12 industries, including coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and
      steel, steel trade, basic chemical industry, basic metal mining and processing, non-ferrous metal smelting and rolling processing, flat glass, textile and
      chemical fiber, chemical fertilizer manufacturing, synthetic material manufacturing.
36   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region
                                                                31 December 2022                                             31 December 2021
                                                                                    Non-                                                                     Non-
                                              Loan and Percentage        Non- Performing                    Loan and      Percentage         Non-      Performing
           (in millions of RMB,                advance      of the performing  loan ratio                    advance           of the performing        loan ratio
           except for percentages)             balance   total (%)        loan      (%)(1)                   balance        total (%)         loan           (%)(1)
           Head Office(2)                       942,006           15.57         17,811            1.89       910,281           16.35         17,862           1.96
           Yangtze River Delta                1,338,769           22.12         10,532            0.79     1,200,571           21.55          7,436           0.62
           Bohai Rim                            828,311           13.69          5,118            0.62       719,187           12.91          4,479           0.62
           Pearl River Delta and West
             Side of Taiwan Strait            1,087,410           17.97          4,673            0.43     1,007,513           18.09          6,358           0.63
           North-eastern China                  169,566            2.80          2,020            1.19       168,974            3.03          2,354           1.39
           Central China                        641,554           10.60          8,048            1.25       569,787           10.23          5,766           1.01
           Western China                        633,129           10.46          5,468            0.86       581,820           10.45          4,275           0.73
           Overseas                              78,567            1.30            544            0.69        94,153            1.69            218           0.23
           Subsidiaries                         332,147            5.49          3,790            1.14       317,748            5.70          2,114           0.67
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                     6,051,459          100.00         58,004            0.96     5,570,034          100.00         50,862           0.91

           Notes:

           (1)         Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

           (2)         The Head Office includes Credit Card Centre.



           The Group focused on serving national strategies and key areas and deepened its research on regional advantageous
           industries and sectors to enhance credit policy support and resource allocation for key construction projects in
           the Yangtze River Delta, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and Central and Western China.
           Meanwhile, the Group continued to carry out research on regional development of “one bank, one policy” and
           list-based operation, formulated regional differentiation policies, and promoted the accelerated development of
           branches in key regions. As at the end of the reporting period, the percentage of the balance of the Group’s loans
           extended to regions such as the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta and Central China increased. Affected by the
           risk exposure of some real estate customers and individual corporate customers with poor management, the non-
           performing loan ratio of the Group in Central China, the Yangtze River Delta, Western China, overseas and its
           subsidiaries increased as compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees
                                                                31 December 2022                                             31 December 2021
                                                                                    Non-                                                                     Non-
                                              Loan and Percentage        Non- Performing                    Loan and      Percentage            Non-   Performing
           (in millions of RMB,                advance      of the performing  loan ratio                    advance           of the     performing    loan ratio
           except for percentages)             balance   total (%)        loan    (%)(Note)                  balance        total (%)           loan       (%)(Note)
           Credit loans                       2,219,635           36.68         21,662            0.98     1,977,014           35.51         19,861           1.00
           Guaranteed loans                     836,550           13.82         16,698            2.00       752,744           13.51         13,272           1.76
           Collateralised loans               2,132,337           35.24         14,246            0.67     2,075,639           37.26         12,684           0.61
           Pledged loans                        348,883            5.77          5,398            1.55       333,332            5.98          5,045           1.51
           Discounted bills                     514,054            8.49              –               –       431,305            7.74              –              –
           Total loans and advances
             to customers                     6,051,459          100.00         58,004            0.96     5,570,034          100.00         50,862           0.91

           Note:       Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.



           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s collateralised loans and pledged loans increased
           by 3.00% as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of the guaranteed loans increased by
           11.13% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the balance of the credit loans increased by 12.27% as
           compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, the non-performing loan ratio of credit loans decreased
           as compared with the end of the previous year, while the non-performing loan ratio of other guaranteed loans
           increased as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                         37
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers
                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                  of net capital
                                                                                     Loan and        (under the
                                                                                      advance         Advanced       Percentage
                                                                                 balance as at    Measurement      of total loans
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                               31 December         Approach)     and advances
      Top ten borrowers            Industry                                              2022               (%)               (%)
      A                            Finance                                             20,800              2.00             0.35
      B                            Transportation, storage and postal services         19,509              1.88             0.32
      C                            Transportation, storage and postal services         15,300              1.47             0.25
      D                            Transportation, storage and postal services         11,944              1.15             0.20
      E                            Property development                                11,934              1.15             0.20
      F                            Transportation, storage and postal services         11,500              1.11             0.19
      G                            Property development                                11,370              1.10             0.19
      H                            Transportation, storage and postal services         11,280              1.09             0.19
      I                            Property development                                10,544              1.02             0.17
      J                            Transportation, storage and postal services          9,900              0.95             0.16
      Total                                                                           134,081             12.92             2.22

      As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
      RMB20.800 billion, representing 2.00% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
      The loan balance of the Group’s top ten single borrowers totalled RMB134.081 billion, representing 12.92% of
      the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 13.16% of the Group’s net capital under the
      Weighted Approach, and 2.22% of the Group’s total loans and advances, respectively.



3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term
                                                                       31 December 2022                  31 December 2021
                                                                     Loan and       Percentage          Loan and      Percentage
                                                                      advance          of total          advance         of total
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                    balance        loans (%)           balance       loans (%)
      Overdue within 3 months                                           37,207            0.61           22,327             0.40
      Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                                26,669            0.44           16,339             0.29
      Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years                                  9,810            0.16           10,849             0.19
      Overdue more than 3 years                                          4,599            0.08            7,911             0.14
      Total overdue loans                                               78,285            1.29           57,426             1.02
      Total loans and advances to customers                          6,051,459          100.00        5,570,034           100.00

      As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB78.285 billion, up by
      RMB20.859 billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.29% of its total loans, representing an
      increase of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period,
      the balance of loans overdue within 3 months increased by RMB14.880 billion as compared with the end of the
      previous year, with the percentage up by 0.21 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year due
      to the impact of factors such as the risk exposure of real estate enterprises. Of the overdue loans, collateralised
      and pledged loans accounted for 28.08%; guaranteed loans accounted for 23.52%; and credit loans accounted
      for 48.40% (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent identification
      criteria for overdue loans, and the ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 90 days was
      1.41, and the Company’s ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue for more than 60 days was 1.25.
38   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.4.8 Restructured loans
                                                                                      31 December 2022                            31 December 2021
                                                                                                      Percentage                                   Percentage
                                                                                                         of total                                     of total
                                                                                                       loans and                                    loans and
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                       Loan balance          advances (%)           Loan balance          advances (%)
           Restructured loans(note)                                                     12,076                   0.20              16,517                0.30
             Of which: restructured loans overdue more than
               90 days                                                                   5,207                   0.09              10,406                0.19

           Note: Represents the restructured non-performing loans.



           The Group imposed strict and prudent control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the reporting period,
           the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans was 0.20%, down by 0.10 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.



     3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
           the Group amounted to RMB612 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB156 million, the
           net carrying value amounted to RMB456 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
           RMB4.543 billion.



     3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans
           The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group.
           (in millions of RMB)                                                                                                2022                      2021
           Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                                     246,104                    234,664
           Charge/release for the period                                                                                   45,157                     37,020
           Unwinding of discount on impaired loans and advances(note)                                                        (386)                      (247)
           Recovery of loans previously written off                                                                         8,972                      9,893
           Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                                             (39,087)                   (35,105)
           Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                    716                       (121)
           Balance as at the end of the period                                                                            261,476                    246,104

           Note: Represents the amortised cost on impaired loans as a result of an increase in their present value due to the passage of time.



           The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB261.476
           billion, representing an increase of RMB15.372 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
           coverage ratio was 450.79%, representing a decrease of 33.08 percentage points as compared with the end of
           the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 4.32%, representing a decrease of 0.10 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       39
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy
3.5.1 Capital adequacy ratio
      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.68%, 15.75% and
      17.77% respectively, representing an increase of 1.02, 0.81 and 0.29 percentage point respectively, as compared
      with the end of the previous year.
      The Group
                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                          at the end of
                                                                                                                                       the current year
                                                                                                                                     as compared with
                                                                                31 December                   31 December                the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                     2022                          2021            previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
        Measurement Approach(1)
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                          799,352                      704,337                          13.49
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                               919,798                      831,380                          10.64
      Net capital                                                                    1,037,942                      972,606                           6.72
      Risk-weighted assets (without taking into                                      5,491,072                    5,037,500                           9.00
        consideration the floor requirements during the
        parallel run period)
        Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                         4,823,836                   4,441,186                           8.62
                   Market risk weighted assets                                           89,200                      60,296                          47.94
                   Operational risk weighted assets                                     578,036                     536,018                           7.84
      Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration                                 5,841,685                   5,563,724                           5.00
        the floor requirements during the parallel run
        period)
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                13.68%                       12.66%          Increased by 1.02
                                                                                                                                     percentage points
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                     15.75%                       14.94%          Increased by 0.81
                                                                                                                                      percentage point
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                            17.77%                       17.48%          Increased by 0.29
                                                                                                                                      percentage point
      Information on leverage ratio(2)
      Balance of adjusted on- and off-balance sheet                                 11,569,842                   10,394,899                          11.30
        assets
      Leverage ratio                                                                      7.95%                        8.00%        Decreased by 0.05
                                                                                                                                     percentage point

      Notes:

      (1)      The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the advanced measurement approach set out in the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
               (Provisional)” issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 (same as below). In accordance with the requirements of the Advanced Measurement
               Approach, the scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Group shall include China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries.
               The scope of entities for calculating the capital adequacy ratio of the Company shall include all the domestic and overseas branches and
               sub-branches of China Merchants Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s subsidiaries for calculating its capital adequacy
               ratio included CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund,
               CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Europe S.A.. During the parallel run period when the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital measurement
               is implemented, a commercial bank shall use both the Advanced Measurement Approach and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy
               ratios, and comply with the capital floor requirements. The capital floor adjustment coefficients shall be 95%, 90% and 80% respectively in
               the first year, the second year, and the third year (i.e. 2017) and subsequent years during the parallel run period.

      (2)      Since 2015, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the “Measures for Management of the Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks
               (Revised)” promulgated by the former CBRC on 12 February 2015. The leverage ratio of the Group was 8.00%, 7.64% and 8.07% respectively
               as at the end of the third quarter, the end of the half year and the end of the first quarter of 2022.
40   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
           the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.23%, 15.42% and
           17.51% respectively, representing an increase of 1.08, 0.83 and 0.28 percentage point respectively, as compared
           with the end of the previous year.
           The Company
                                                                                                                                           Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                                at the end of
                                                                                                                                             the current year
                                                                                                                                           as compared with
                                                                                      31 December                   31 December                the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      2022                          2021            previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
             Measurement Approach
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                            701,033                      617,403                         13.55
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                 817,387                      741,627                         10.22
           Net capital                                                                        927,881                      875,859                          5.94
           Risk-weighted assets (without taking into
             consideration the floor requirements during the
             parallel run period)                                                          4,925,532                    4,530,952                           8.71
             Of which: Credit risk weighted assets                                         4,330,955                    4,002,933                           8.19
                         Market risk weighted assets                                          69,000                       39,049                          76.70
                         Operational risk weighted assets                                    525,577                      488,970                           7.49
           Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration
             the floor requirements during the parallel run
             period)                                                                       5,299,237                    5,082,896                       4.26
                                                                                                                                           Increased by 1.08
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 13.23%                       12.15%          percentage points
                                                                                                                                           Increased by 0.83
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                      15.42%                       14.59%           percentage point
                                                                                                                                           Increased by 0.28
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                             17.51%                       17.23%           percentage point



           As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
           and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 11.52%, 13.25% and 14.68%
           respectively, representing an increase of 0.35, 0.06 percentage point and a decrease of 0.03 percentage point
           respectively as compared with the end of the previous year. The decrease in capital adequacy ratio was mainly due
           to the redemption of USD1 billion offshore preference shares by the Company during the reporting period.
           The Group
                                                                                                                                           Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                                at the end of
                                                                                                                                             the current year
                                                                                                                                           as compared with
                                                                                      31 December                   31 December                the end of the
           (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                      2022                          2021            previous year (%)
           Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
             Approach(note)
           Net core Tier 1 capital                                                           799,352                      704,337                     13.49
           Net Tier 1 capital                                                                919,798                      831,380                     10.64
           Net capital                                                                     1,018,678                      927,277                       9.86
           Risk-weighted assets                                                            6,941,350                    6,303,544                     10.12
                                                                                                                                           Increased by 0.35
           Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                 11.52%                       11.17%           percentage point
                                                                                                                                           Increased by 0.06
           Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                      13.25%                       13.19%           percentage point
                                                                                                                                          Decreased by 0.03
           Capital adequacy ratio                                                             14.68%                       14.71%           percentage point

           Note:   The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Measurement Approach for market risk and the
                   Basic Indicator Approach for operational risk in accordance with the relevant provisions of the “Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)”
                   issued by the former CBRC on 7 June 2012. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                           41
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      As at the end of the reporting period, the core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and
      the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 10.97%, 12.79% and 14.22%
      respectively, representing an increase of 0.37, an increase of 0.06 and a decrease of 0.04 percentage point
      respectively as compared with the end of the previous year.
      The Company
                                                                                                                 Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                      at the end of
                                                                                                                   the current year
                                                                                                                 as compared with
                                                                           31 December          31 December          the end of the
      (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                                2022                 2021      previous year (%)
      Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
        Approach
      Net core Tier 1 capital                                                    701,033            617,403               13.55
      Net Tier 1 capital                                                         817,387            741,627               10.22
      Net capital                                                                908,572            830,529                 9.40
      Risk-weighted assets                                                     6,390,196          5,824,290                 9.72
                                                                                                               Increased by 0.37
      Core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                          10.97%            10.60%      percentage point
                                                                                                               Increased by 0.06
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                               12.79%            12.73%      percentage point
                                                                                                              Decreased by 0.04
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                      14.22%            14.26%      percentage point



3.5.2 Balance of credit risk exposures
      During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the Internal Ratings-Based approach (IRB
      approach) was classified into six types of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail,
      shareholding and others. As at the end of the reporting period, the balances of various risk exposures were as
      follows.
                                                                                                      31 December 2022
      (in millions of RMB)                           Type of risk exposure                        Legal person              Group
      Portion covered by the                         Financial institution                           1,223,199          1,223,199
        IRB approach                                 Corporate                                       2,394,452          2,394,452
                                                     Retail                                          3,693,448          3,693,448
                                                       Of which: Residential mortgage                1,383,477          1,383,477
                                                                   Qualified revolving retail        1,703,749          1,703,749
                                                                   Other retail                        606,222            606,222
      Portion not covered by the IRB                 On-balance sheet                                3,983,915          4,489,602
        approach                                     Off-balance sheet                                 207,840            226,091
                                                     Counterparty                                       11,648             12,479
42   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.5.3 Measurement of market risk capital
           The Group uses mixed approaches to calculate its market risk capital requirement. Specifically, it uses the Internal
           Model-based Approach to calculate the general market risk capital requirement of the Company (excluding
           overseas branches), and uses the Standardised Measurement Approach to calculate the general market risk
           capital requirement of overseas branches and subsidiaries of the Company as well as the specific market risk
           capital requirement of the Company and its subsidiaries. As at the end of the reporting period, the market risk-
           weighted assets of the Group were RMB89.200 billion, and the market risk capital requirement was RMB7.136
           billion, of which the general market risk capital requirement calculated under the Internal Model-based Approach
           was RMB4.972 billion, and the market risk capital requirement calculated under the Standardised Measurement
           Approach was RMB2.164 billion.
           The Group’s market risk capital requirement under the Internal Model-based Approach was calculated using the
           market risk value based on 250 days of historical market data, a confidence coefficient of 99% and a holding
           period of 10 days. The following table sets forth the market risk value indicators of the Group as at the end of the
           reporting period.
                                                                                                                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      Distressed               General
                                                                                                                    market risk            market risk
                                                                                                                   value during           value during
           No.                                                                                                    the reporting          the reporting
           (in millions of RMB)       Item                                                                                period                period
           1                          Average value                                                                             772                    535
           2                          Maximum value                                                                             942                    727
           3                          Minimum value                                                                             440                    182
           4                          Value at the end of the period                                                            849                    468




     3.6 Results of Operating Segments
           The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
           summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.
           Items                                                                     2022                                          2021
                                                                            Profit                                         Profit
                                                                        before tax                    Net              before tax                     Net
                                                                       by business              operating             by business               operating
           (in millions of RMB)                                          segments                 income                segments                  income
           Retail finance                                                     94,178               191,415                  77,709               179,014
           Wholesale finance                                                  67,149               142,094                  67,386               142,618
           Other businesses                                                    3,786                11,231                   3,078                 9,775
           Total                                                            165,113                344,740                148,173                331,407

           Note:    Since 2022, the Group has adjusted CMB Financial Leasing to the wholesale finance business segment from other business segments, resulting
                    in the adjustment to the figure of the corresponding period of the previous year.



           During the reporting period, profit before tax of retail finance business of the Group amounted to RMB94.178
           billion, up by 21.19% year-on-year, accounting for 57.04% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 4.60 percentage points; net operating income amounted to RMB191.415 billion, up by
           6.93% year-on-year, accounting for 55.52% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 1.50 percentage points. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance business
           of the Group was 31.95%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.48 percentage points.
           For the detailed figures of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial
           statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   43
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.7   Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements
3.7.1 Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
      financial position and operating results and the related information
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent liabilities.
      Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, leasing commitments, capital commitments,
      securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments, pending litigations and disputes and other
      contingent liabilities, among which the credit commitments are the primary component. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was RMB2,575.130 billion. For details of the
      contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements.



3.7.2 Outstanding overdue debts
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any outstanding overdue debts.



3.8 Implementation of Development Strategies
      During the reporting period, under the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank with innovation-
      driven development, leading model and distinguished features”, the Company focused on the value creation chain
      of “volume growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, while striving to improve its capabilities in
      wealth management, risk management, and Fintech, so as to support the real economy with high-quality service,
      facilitate the people to embrace better life, and keep dedicated to creating value for customers, employees,
      shareholders, partners, and the society as a whole.



1.    Realising dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”
      The Company adhered to the aforesaid value creation chain throughout the overall business development. First,
      priority was given to “volume growth” by adequate expansion of customer base and structural adjustment,
      thus forming scale effect and snowballing effect for business development. The second key step was achieving
      “revenue growth” by strengthening the deposit and loan pricing management and optimising the intermediary
      business structure to realise business growth into revenue recognised. Third, the Company consolidated the
      foundation of “profit growth” with firm adherence to the bottom line of quality, equally emphasising risk control,
      risk management and risk operation. Last, by keeping a close eye on the goal of “value growth”, the Company
      continuously improved the efficiency of capital operation and boosted the level of capital return.
      During the reporting period, the Company realised the dynamically balanced development of “Quality, Efficiency
      and Scale”. In detail, it maintained stable asset quality, the leading position in risk compensation capacity, the
      satisfactory operating efficiency as expected, steady profit growth, and a relatively high level of capital adequacy
      ratio; the business scale grew steadily, and the customer base, assets and liabilities maintained reasonable growth
      in quantity and effective improvement in quality; the operational structure had obvious advantages, where profit
      contribution by retail finance business exceeded one-half and indicators such as proportion of demand deposits,
      proportion of net non-interest income and others maintained a relatively good level.
44   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     2.    Continuing to promote the business development of extensive wealth
           management
           In line with the explosive growth of residents’ demand for wealth management and the long-term trend of
           narrowing net interest margin, the Company accelerated model transformation, actively promoted wealth
           management capacity building for the entire customer base, benchmarked against world-class banks, and expanded
           and strengthened the wealth management business.
           The Company strived to become the main wealth management account for customers, and comprehensively
           promoted the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Services System” by carrying out the “Original Aspiration Plan (初心計劃)”
           to improve customers’ and employees’ experience and systematically improve wealth management ability. As at the
           end of the reporting period, the Company’s retail customers reached 184 million in total, representing an increase of
           6.36% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total assets under management (AUM) for retail customers
           amounted to RMB12.12 trillion, representing an increase of 12.68% as compared with the end of the previous year;
           the number of customers holding our wealth management products reached 43,129,300, representing an increase
           of 14.14% as compared with the end of the previous year; the number of private banking customers exceeded
           130,000, and total assets under management for private banking customers reached RMB3.79 trillion, representing
           an increase of 11.74% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           Relying on an open platform to provide diversified products, the Company introduced high-quality asset
           management institutions throughout the market, and jointly served the diversified wealth management demands of
           retail customers, financial institution customers, and corporate customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           Company introduced quality products from a total of 10 wealth management subsidiaries of peer bank to customers,
           and 139 high-quality asset management institutions to the “Zhao Cai Hao (招財號)”, an open platform in CMB APP.
           “Zhao Cai Hao” has 19.73 million followers, and during the reporting period, “Zhao Cai Hao” has provided wealth
           management-related information, interaction and activities to customers for more than 413 million times, providing
           professional investor education and companionship for customers on their investment journeys. During the reporting
           period, the Company’s sales of third-party asset management products to financial institution customers through
           “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” platform exceeded RMB770.0 billion6, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.78%
           on the same calibre as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
           The Company realised the synergetic “flywheel effect” through business integration and leveraged its
           comprehensive operational advantage and open as well as integrated organisational advantage to drive the retail
           “One Body” flywheel and the “One Body with Two Wings” flywheel so that the Group’s flywheel revolves more
           effectively. The Company deeply promoted the integration of debit cards and credit cards in terms of customer
           acquisition and operation. As of the end of the reporting period, the customers holding both our debit cards and
           credit cards accounted for 64.10% of our credit card customers, up by 1.49 percentage points as compared with
           the end of the previous year. By deepening the integration of wholesale and retail finance, the Company acquired
           155,000 new enterprise customers in its payroll business during the reporting period. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the coverage rate of private banking services for key enterprises7 reached 33.55%. The Company relied on
           the extensive wealth management to effectively match the mutual needs of funds allocation and assets organisation
           among customer bases and gave full play to its driving effect on the Group’s other segments. As of the end of
           the reporting period, the total scale of asset management business ranked among the top in the market, reaching
           RMB4.41 trillion, representing an increase of 2.32% as compared with the end of the previous year; the asset
           custody business volume historically broke through the RMB20 trillion benchmark, representing an increase of
           3.08% as compared with the end of the previous year; and subsidiaries in total contributed RMB2.42 trillion in AUM
           balance to the Company.



     3.    Practically implementing the ESG concept and comprehensively enhancing the
           quality and efficiency of serving the real economy
           Following the transformation and upgrading of the national economy, the Company focused on directions such as
           green economy, manufacturing industry, technological innovation, inclusive finance, etc., to continuously innovate
           its mechanisms, product systems and service models. The Company also improved the quality and efficiency of
           serving the real economy. The growth rates of green loans, loans extended to the manufacturing industry, loans
           extended to technology enterprises and SME inclusive finance loans all exceeded the overall growth rate of the loans
           of the Company.




     6
           Given that the trading volume of fund investment advisory business is excluded since the current period, the data of the corresponding period of the
           previous year has been adjusted in accordance with the same statistical calibre.
     7
           Including strategic customers at Head Office and branches, listed company clients, and corporate customers such as new growth engines, green economy,
           high-quality track manufacturing industries, regional advantageous and characteristic industries, as well as self-controllable industries.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                              45
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of corporate customers reached 2,526,100, representing
      an increase of 9.02% as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of green loans was RMB355.357
      billion, representing an increase of RMB91.515 billion or 34.69% as compared with the end of the previous year;
      the balance of loans extended to the manufacturing industry was RMB443.852 billion, representing an increase
      of RMB123.792 billion or 38.68% compared with the end of the previous year, of which medium- and long-term
      loans increased by 54.81%. The balance of loans extended to technology enterprises8 was RMB295.608 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB91.547 billion or 44.86% as compared with the end of the previous year; the
      balance of SME inclusive finance loans was RMB678.349 billion9, representing an increase of RMB77.249 billion or
      12.85% as compared with the end of the previous year. The accounts with balance of SME inclusive finance loans
      totalled 990,700, representing an increase of 77,400 or 8.47% as compared with the end of the previous year.

4.    Optimising the Fintech to build a “Digital CMB” in an all-round way
      Focusing on the target of “online, data, intelligence, platform and ecology”, the Company continued to promote
      the establishment of “Digital CMB” in terms of customer service, risk management, operational management and
      internal operation. During the reporting period, the information technology expenses amounted to RMB14.168
      billion, up by 6.60% year-on-year and the ratio of the information technology expenses to the Company’s net
      operating income was 4.51%. The Company continued to support construction of new capabilities and exploration
      of new models with the Fintech Innovation Project Fund. During the reporting period, 577 new Fintech innovation
      projects were launched, and 489 new projects were put into operation. As of the end of the reporting period, the
      number of the Bank’s Fintech innovation projects launched and put into operation reached an aggregate of 3,242
      and 2,450, respectively. Meanwhile, the talent structure was continuously improved to establish a talent system
      adaptable to a Fintech bank. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of R&D personnel of the Group
      reached 10,846, representing an increase of 8.00% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting
      for 9.60% of the total number of employees of the Group.
      In terms of retail customer service, the Company continued to improve service quality and efficiency
      of products, platforms and channels. The monthly active users (MAU) of the CMB APP and the CMB Life APP
      reached 111 million. The Company created an APP-centred self-service business model featuring complementary
      advantages and full coordination with other channels, enabling 24.3942 million customers to purchase “Zhao Zhao
      Bao (朝朝寶)”, with a position amount of RMB205.568 billion at the end of the period. The digitalisation of private
      banking business accelerated, and the coverage rate of online process for family trust business reached 94.30%.
      With respect to retail credit business, the Company optimised the digitalised experience of customers, the total
      number of registered users of the CMB Zhao Dai (招貸) APP, an exclusive service platform for small- and micro-sized
      customers, reached 2.6843 million. During the reporting period, the credit facility of micro-finance loans applied
      and granted through the CMB Zhao Dai (招貸) APP reached RMB204.830 billion. The intelligent wealth engine
      provided the Bank’s investment and research with services such as investment and research data support, algorithm
      analysis tool support and research results sharing, so as to improve the service efficiency for customers. The “Wealth
      Alpha+” platform, as an investment and research platform empowering the wealth management business across the
      Bank, has empowered 21,800 employees as of the end of the reporting period, and provided customers with more
      than 20 services including fund interpretation and perspective analysis of fund position, benefiting tens of millions of
      users on average per month, which continuously improved the professionalism of the wealth management service.
      In terms of wholesale customer service, the Company accelerated the online migration process. The coverage
      rate of online basic services provided by the Company to corporate customers reached 95.65%. The percentage
      of online financing business increased from 67.26% to 82.14% and the percentage of online foreign exchange
      business increased from 33.30% to 65.49%. The Company facilitated industrial digitalisation with products such as
      Treasury Management Cloud (財資管理雲), Xin Fu Tong (薪福通), Invoice Cloud（發票雲）and Sale Cloud（銷售雲）.
      The Company released Xin Fu Tong (薪福通) version 4.0 which accumulatively served 695,000 enterprises in total;
      the number of Invoice Cloud customers was 278,900, representing an increase of 162.00% as compared with the
      end of the previous year.
      In terms of risk management, the Company has made extensive use of Fintech to enhance its digital
      risk control capability. The intelligent risk control engine accumulated enterprise-level risk control capabilities
      in a modular manner, continuously expanded the coverage of risk control and improved the efficiency of risk
      identification, judgement and analysis. The intelligent risk control platform named “Libra” enhanced transaction
      risk management and control capabilities and guarded the asset security of customers with the digital technology.
      During the reporting period, the percentage of fraud and account takeover amounts by non-cardholders was


8
      Refers to the loans granted by the Company to technology enterprises recognised as “specialised, competitive, distinguished, and innovative (專精特
      新)”enterprises, high-tech companies, and technology-based small- and medium-sized enterprises.
9
      Refers to the small- and micro-sized enterprise loans + private industrial and commercial business operating loans + small- and micro-sized enterprise operating
      loans with a single account credit limit of RMB10.00 million, according to the appraisal calibre of the CBIRC, which is expressed in RMB on the domestic calibre
      and excludes bill financing.
46   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           lowered to 0.57 in ten millionths. The Company established a digital and intelligent monitoring and warning system
           to realise warning information sharing and joint risk prevention and control at the Group-level and continued to
           intensify access and application of internal and external data to enhance its capability of intelligent risk control.
           During the reporting period, corporate loans newly granted through the “online risk control platform” amounted to
           RMB197.650 billion.
           In terms of operation management, the Company empowered its employees via data in various operational
           analysis tasks. The Company improved the employees’ ability and experience of data access. The data application
           barrier has been further lowered, and the coverage rate of big data services has reached more than 50% of all
           employees in the Bank, efficiently empowering the employees to do various operation analysis. The Company
           continuously integrated and optimised the existing data products to create the “digital and intelligent retail (數智零
           售)”, a scenario-based data platform for unified retail lines which conducts real-time monitoring of key businesses
           and continuously empowers the digital operation and management of the Company’s extensive wealth management
           business. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of monthly active users on the platform reached
           12,300.
           In terms of internal operation, the Company continued to enhance the automation and intelligence of
           business processing. The Company promoted the optimisation of the credit process, which was reflected by an
           average of six hours per transaction saved for account managers through the remote loan granting, increasing the
           efficiency by 32% as compared to the traditional process. The intelligent operation engine, which is specialised
           in solving problems in the process and operation, makes full use of digitalisation to improve the automation and
           intelligence of operations and continuously facilitates to reduce labor costs and improve customer service experience.
           By leveraging the intelligent application in scenarios such as the intelligent customer service, intelligent process,
           voice quality inspection and the Conch RPA (Robot Process Automation), our staff were relieved from repetitive,
           time-consuming work equivalent to a workload of over 12,000 individuals during the reporting period.
           Continuing to build a digital operation model, and further upgrading the new digital infrastructure for the
           future.
           The Company has successfully completed cloud migration in three years, and stepped into the cloud era in an
           all-round way. The Company broke down the barriers across systems under the mainframe architecture, and
           comprehensively restructured the business system with “micro-services”, so that new businesses and new ideas can
           be merged and verified promptly. At the same time, with capacity expansion and computing improvement, resilient
           resource supply can be arranged for the high-concurrency and high-traffic activities, thereby realising on-demand
           resource allocation anytime and anywhere. During the reporting period, the Company has completed the smooth
           and intact migration to the cloud for all retail customers and wholesale customers, and realised the full transition
           from “traditional technology architecture” to “cloud architecture”.
           The Company further deepened the construction of data middle-office and technology middle-office, and lowered
           the barriers to application development and data access, allowing technology to become the underlying capabilities
           well used by the Company’s employees. The Company continuously optimised the data access environment and
           improved data access experience. The Company accelerated the promotion of open and shared technology, built a
           low-code development system, improved research and development efficiency, so as to quickly respond to business
           needs. As of the end of the reporting period, there were 4,655 shared components in the technology middle-office
           of the Company, and the cumulative number of applications released under the low-code development system
           exceeded 6,500.



     5.    Building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management system
           By building the “Six-All” risk management system covering “all customers, all assets, all risks, all
           institutions, all processes and all factors”, the Company strengthened unified customer risk management
           and established the “four-in-one” concentration risk management system by integrating limit management, credit
           approval officer management for customers with large transaction value, risk management and control review,
           and risk monitoring so as to further optimize the exposure credit facility management over group customers.
           Strengthening the risk management for extensive wealth, the Company established rules and regulations,
           improved processes and enhanced management for underwriting, agency sales, custody, consultations, and
           customer transactions in financial market and other businesses which were closely related to customer investment
           and financing services. Strengthening risk prevention and mitigation in key areas, the Company took various
           approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets, enhanced the risk compensation capacity and strengthened the
           ability to respond to non-credit risks such as foreign exchange-related risks, stakeholder risks, and reputation risks.
           Strengthening construction of risk management capability, the Company put forth efforts to enhance the
           ability of risk perception, the basic ability of “pre-loan investigation, loan review and post-loan inspection”, and the
           capability to control risk in a digital manner and to dynamically adjust risk policies. Strengthening internal control
           compliance, the Company created a compliance culture of “compliance first, compliance creates value, compliance
           starts at the top”, continuously strengthened management and control of sanction and money laundering risks, as
           well as implemented regulatory compliance requirements in a more proactive and efficient manner.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        47
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


6.    Thoroughly promoting organisational reform and cultural construction
      The Company continued to promote organisational reform to better serve and create value for customers. The
      Company launched group financial services and explored the integration of wholesale and retail finance at a deeper
      level. The Company boosted and promoted the coordinated management of sub-branches with comprehensive
      functions, strengthened the construction of comprehensive capabilities, and combined the application of the
      comprehensively-functioned position mechanism to form integrated management and comprehensive service
      capabilities for corporate banking business, retail banking business, and operations at the branch level, and further
      released organisational vitality while improving operating efficiency. The Company strengthened and expanded sci-
      tech finance, serving the new development model featuring “technology + industry + finance”. The Company has
      piloted sci-tech finance sub-branch building in six tier-1 branches of Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou
      and Hefei and one tier-2 branch of Jiaxing so as to create the featured business focusing on sci-tech finance. The
      Company further improved the inclusive financial business system and promoted the development of inclusive
      financial business with new structure, new model, new connotation, and new mechanism. The Company optimised
      the organisational structure and functions of risk management across the Bank, strengthened comprehensive risk
      management capabilities, and consolidated the foundation for high-quality growth.
      By consistent adherence to the core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for customers”, the
      Company formulated the “CMB Customer Service Value Proposition” and “Negative List of Core Values” to improve
      the consensus, capability and effectiveness of the whole Bank in practising values from both positive and negative
      aspects. The Company vigorously promoted the CMB culture, polished the golden brand of service with a practical
      and powerful consumers’ rights and interests protection mechanism, achieved a response rate of 98% within one
      hour of complaints, increased efforts to trace the source of rectification, and effectively solved the major issues
      that were mainly complained about by customers. The Company also strengthened the construction of work ethics
      emphasising “service, progress, pragmatism, innovation and agility”, and promoted management enhancement with
      good spiritual outlook and working style.



3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation
3.9.1 Net interest margin
      In 2022, the Group’s net interest margin was 2.40%, representing a decrease of 8 basis points year-on-year; the
      Company’s net interest margin was 2.44%, representing a decrease of 9 basis points year-on-year. Such decrease
      in net interest margin was mainly due to the reasons below. On the asset side, in terms of pricing, firstly, due to
      the re-pricing of existing floating-rate loans and insufficient financing demand, loan yields have declined; secondly,
      market interest rates have been running at low levels for a long time, resulting in declined investment yields. In
      terms of structure, due to the weakened consumer sentiment, the growth of loans which had relatively high yields,
      such as credit card loans and residential mortgage loans, slowed down. On the liability side, corporate funds were
      insufficiently activated, and the growth of low-cost corporate demand deposits such as corporate settlement funds
      was restricted, coupled with shift of residents’ investment to time deposits due to the disturbance in the capital
      market, leading to declined proportion of demand deposits.
      Looking forward to 2023, the Group’s net interest margin faces both opportunities and challenges. In terms of
      opportunities, the current economy continues to recover, effects of policies to stabilise growth are showing, market
      confidence and domestic demand are gradually picking up, and positive factors supporting the stable operation of
      net interest margin are increasing. In terms of challenges, the global economic growth has further slowed down,
      and the pressure of external demand has increased. The domestic economy still needs some time to recover, and the
      pricing of new assets investment is expected to remain under pressure. At the same time, the assets yield in 2023
      still faces the pressure of existing loans’ re-pricing. The Group will actively take measures to maintain the net interest
      margin at a relatively outstanding level in the industry. On the asset side, the Group will continue to prioritise
      assets allocation to promote the stable growth of credit scale and increase retail loans, while reinforcing the loan
      pricing management and constantly improving the comprehensive customer return. At the same time, the Group
      will strengthen its capability in forward-looking prediction of market interest rates, improve the capital utilisation
      efficiency, and moderately increase the allocation of bonds and interbank assets with high yields. On the liability
      side, the Group will insist on focusing on the growth of low-cost core deposits, strengthen the volume and price
      control of high-cost deposits and implement market-based adjustment mechanism for interest rates. Meanwhile, the
      Group will flexibly arrange market-oriented financing and reduce the overall cost of liabilities according to the trend
      of market interest rates.
48   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.9.2 Net non-interest income
           During the reporting period, when faced with multiple shocks such as severe volatility in the financial markets,
           sluggish consumption and the continued weakening of external demands, the Group continued to consolidate its
           customer base, upgrade customer services, actively explore new growth in segments on the premise of improving
           its existing advantages, and strive to maintain the stability of net non-interest income. During the reporting period,
           the Group realised net non-interest income of RMB126.505 billion, representing a decrease of 0.77% year-on-year,
           accounting for 36.70% of net operating income, representing a decrease of 1.77 percentage points year-on-year.
           Among the Group’s net non-interest income, net fee and commission income was RMB94.275 billion, representing
           a decrease of 0.18% year-on-year, accounting for 74.52% of the net non-interest income; other net non-interest
           income was RMB32.230 billion, representing a decrease of 2.45% year-on-year. During the reporting period, the
           Group’s revenue contributed by extensive wealth management was RMB49.151 billion10, representing a decrease of
           6.10% on the same calibre as compared with the previous year.
           The major items under the Group’s net fee and commission income during the reporting period are analysed as
           follows. Fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB30.903 billion, representing
           a year-on-year decrease of 14.28%, of which income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted
           to RMB12.426 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 51.26%, which was mainly due to the increase
           in customers’ protective demand, leading to the Company’s year-on-year increase in sales volume and premium
           rate of regular insurance business. Income from agency sales of wealth management products was RMB6.645
           billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.61%, the growth rate of which has slowed down compared
           with the previous year, which was mainly due to the slowing down of the daily average balance growth of wealth
           management products and a decline in sales fee rate of wealth management products. Income from agency
           distribution of funds amounted to RMB6.599 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 46.41%, which was
           mainly due to the downward trend amid volatility of the capital market, resulting in the decline in sales scale of
           agency distribution of funds and the decrease in the proportion of high-fee equity funds. Income from agency
           distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB3.979 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 47.24%, which
           was mainly due to the Company’s suppression of financing trust product, resulting in the decreased sales volume
           and agency sales fee rate of agency trust. Agency securities transaction income was RMB903 million, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 29.51%, which was mainly affected by the market conditions and trading activity of Hong
           Kong’s capital market. Fee and commission income from asset management amounted to RMB12.457 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 14.75%, which was mainly driven by the growth in the asset management
           business scale of subsidiaries of the Group. Commission income from custody business was RMB5.791 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 6.59%, mainly due to the growth of custody business size and the
           continuous structural optimisation. Income from bank card fees amounted to RMB21.399 billion, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 10.44%, mainly driven by the increase in income from credit card transaction. Income
           from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.051 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           8.26%, mainly due to the increase in e-payment income.
           Looking forward to 2023, the Group will promote the high-quality growth of net non-interest income through the
           following measures. The first is to focus on the strategic mainstay and continue to improve the operation capability
           of extensive wealth management, seize the critical period when residents have increasing demand for wealth
           management to accelerate product line building and strengthen the synergy among wealth management, asset
           management and custody to promote the expansion and structural optimisation of total assets under management,
           asset management business scale and asset custody scale and drive the steady growth of the income from extensive
           wealth management. The second is to integrate resources across the Bank, consolidating the diversified service
           advantages of investment banking, commercial banking, private banking, technology and research based on
           satisfying customers’ value needs to build an integrated service system covering customers’ full-life cycle, so as to
           maximise the comprehensive value of customers. The third is to seize market opportunities and strive to tap the
           potential of traditional businesses to increase revenue. On the one hand, the Group centres on the dynamic changes
           in macro policies, as well as the core needs of key regions, industries and customers, deepens scenario operations
           and comprehensive services, and creates new advantages of businesses such as trade financing and cross-border
           settlement; on the other hand, the Group strengthens market research and judgement on exchange rates and
           interest rates, and enhances transaction capabilities in financial market and bill business. The fourth is to derive
           the benefits from national policies, accelerate the layout to create new advantages in key areas, actively promote
           the construction of the pension financial system, and build a unique pension financial service brand of CMB, while
           seizing the opportunity of consumption recovery, strengthening promotion efforts of card binding and transactions,
           expanding consumption installment scenarios, and increasing comprehensive contribution made by consumer
           finance; integrating business development into national economic restructuring and industrial upgrading, exploring
           innovations in green financial products and services, and developing new growth for non-interest income.



     10
           The income from extensive wealth management includes the fee and commission income from wealth management, asset management and custody
           business.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      49
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.9.3 Risk management and control in the real estate sector
      The report to the 20th CPC National Congress made it clear that the real estate industry will adhere to the
      positioning of “houses are for living in and not for speculative investment”, and accelerate the establishment of
      a housing system composed of multi-subject supply and multi-channel guarantee while encouraging both housing
      rental and purchase. Since 2022, at the policy level, the Group has not only provided credit support for guaranteeing
      delivery of housing in individual project, but also turned to provide credit support, bond issuance support and equity
      financing support for real estate enterprises. The Group implements policies based on the actual situation of the
      target cities, so as to support the commercial housing market to better meet the reasonable housing needs of home
      buyers, while promoting the stable and healthy development of the real estate market.
      During the reporting period, the Group adhered to the overall strategy of “defining positioning, stabilising scale,
      improving access, focusing on regions, adjustment of structure, and strict management” in the real estate sector. In
      accordance with the principles of marketisation and commercialisation, the Group conducted business and managed
      risks, taking the actual situation of customers and projects into account. The Group strictly reviewed the cash flow,
      focused on selecting those residential projects with capacity to cover their debts and commercial sustainability,
      supported rigid and upgrading demand for housing, enhanced financial support for housing leasing, and further
      strengthened post-investment and post-loan management.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total balance of real estate related businesses which were subject
      to credit risks, such as the actual and contingent credit, proprietary bond investments, and proprietary investment
      of non-standardised assets amounted to RMB463.334 billion, representing a decrease of 9.41% as compared with
      the end of the previous year. The total balance of the businesses for which the Group did not assume credit risks,
      such as wealth management fund financing, entrusted loans, agency distribution of trust schemes under the active
      management by cooperative institutions, and debt financing instruments with the Group as the lead underwriter
      amounted to RMB300.355 billion, representing a decrease of 27.11% as compared with the end of the previous
      year. In addition, as at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of loans granted to the real estate
      industry was RMB333.715 billion, representing a decrease of RMB22.262 billion as compared with the end of the
      previous year, accounting for 5.83% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, representing a
      decrease of 0.95 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the customer and regional structure of the Company in respect of real estate related loans have remained
      sound, among which the balance of loans granted to customers featuring high credit-rating accounted for nearly
      80%; in terms of regions where the projects were located, over 85% of the Company’s balance of loans for real
      estate development was located in the urban areas of first-tier and second-tier cities. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Company’s non-performing loan ratio of real estate loans was 3.99%, representing an increase of 2.60
      percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
      In the future, the Group will continue to firmly implement relevant national policies on the real estate industry,
      support rigid and upgrading demand for housing, enhance financial support for housing leasing, maintain stable
      and orderly financing for the real estate sector, support the healthy development of the real estate market, and
      strengthen the forward-looking prediction of risk situation of real estate, reasonably identify risks of project’s
      subsidiaries and the holding company, strengthen risk monitoring and analysis, strictly implement post-investment
      and post-loan management requirements for real estate loans, make sufficient provisions on a case-by-case basis
      according to the risk of specific projects. In accordance with the principles of compliance with laws and regulations,
      controllable risks and sustainable business, the Group will promote the marketisation of risk mitigation and disposal
      of real estate enterprises. Looking forward to 2023, with the support of relevant beneficial policies, it is expected
      that the tight liquidity of real estate enterprises will be mitigated, and the overall asset quality of the Group in the
      real estate sector will be controllable.
50   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.9.4 Fluctuations of net value of wealth management products
           Since the introduction of comprehensive net-value management, the net value performance of wealth management
           products has gradually converged with the market. In the first 10 months of 2022, the overall scale of CMB wealth
           management products remained stable. In November 2022, the bond market experienced the sharpest decline in
           the past two years, causing fluctuations in the net value of bond funds and banking wealth management products,
           and affecting the overall banking wealth management business. Among them, the net value of some products fell
           back significantly in the short term, and the scale of wealth management products under management declined
           more or less in the industry. The balance of wealth management products under the management of CMB Wealth
           Management decreased by 4.88% and 5.60% month-on-month at the end of November and December 2022,
           respectively. In this regard, CMB Wealth Management successfully passed the significant fluctuation period of
           the bond market by improving the product provision level, enriching the products portfolio and strategies, and
           enhancing product information disclosure and the sales management on investors’ appropriateness. During the
           reporting period, CMB Wealth Management fully met the customers’ demand for redemption of various products
           without any payment risk. As for the decline-to-net-value products, as CMB Wealth Management has transformed
           at an early stage from investing in the net-value products to vigorously developing products with a relatively high
           proportion of equity assets, as at the end of the reporting period, based on the public data available, the decline-
           to-net-value proportions of the PR2, PR4, and PR5 products11 of CMB Wealth Management were all lower than the
           average level of the industry, of which the withdrawal control of the PR4 and PR5 wealth management products
           with medium to high risk level was better than the average level of public offering funds, and only the decline-to-
           net-value proportion of PR3 wealth management products was higher than the average level of the industry.
           In 2023, the momentum of domestic economic growth is expected to increase quarter by quarter. In terms of
           investment strategy of assets, the equity investment may embrace opportunity, bonds are expected to experience
           adjustment along with the economic recovery, and the scale of debt-linked wealth management products is
           expected to further shrink. In view of the fact that the bank wealth management market has experienced a tide
           of redemption, additional time is required for restoration of market confidence. It is expected that the scale of
           wealth management products of CMB Wealth Management throughout the year will be stable in 2023, with slight
           monthly fluctuations, and the specific changes are closely related to the overall market performance. CMB Wealth
           Management will uphold sound operation while focusing on risk control, stable growth, structural adjustment
           and diversified development. On the one hand, CMB Wealth Management will focus on high-quality assets in
           green finance, inclusive finance, sci-tech finance and other key sectors, and create financial products that meet
           investors’ different risk preferences and objectives. On the other hand, CMB Wealth Management will also take
           value investment as the basis, adhere to development of independent investment research and technology platform,
           consolidate risk compliance, constantly improve the investment capability for standardised assets, and further realise
           assets preservation and appreciation for customers by its own value creation.




     11
           The current risk level of wealth management products is divided into five levels: low (PR1), medium and low (PR2), medium (PR3), medium and high (PR4)
           and high (PR5).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                             51
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.9.5 Deposits from customers
      As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from customers of the Company was RMB7,274.513
      billion, representing an increase of RMB1,161.836 billion or 19.01% as compared with the end of the previous year,
      and the increase in deposits hit a record high. The main reasons for the rapid growth of deposits from customers
      of the Company were as follows: on the one hand, due to the active force of fiscal policies and the shifting of
      residents’ demand for investment and consumption towards deposits, the national liquidity was relatively ample, and
      the growth rate of M2 increased, which provided an external environment for the growth of deposits; on the other
      hand, the Company continued to leverage its advantages in settlement services and wealth management services,
      enhanced customer base expansion and operational depth, and provided deposit products in a flexible and timely
      manner to meet customer needs. Meanwhile, the economy continued to face downward pressure; the liquidity
      activities of enterprises remained insufficient without obvious improvement, and deposit-generating activities of
      corporate demand deposits such as corporate settlement were restricted, coupled with the disturbance in the
      capital market and the demand for deposits from customers, especially demand for medium- and long-term time
      deposits further increased, resulting in a rapid growth of the Company’s time deposits. The Company maintained
      a relatively outstanding level of deposit structure by taking various measures such as strengthening customer
      orientation, extending the deposit classification management mindset, optimising assessment rules and increasing
      capital retention through integrated operation. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of
      core deposits12 was RMB5,857.751 billion, representing an increase of RMB854.571 billion or 17.08% as compared
      with the previous year, accounting for 87.50% of the average daily balance of customer deposits, representing
      an increase of 0.24 percentage point as compared with the previous year. The average daily balance of demand
      deposits was RMB4,162.534 billion, representing an increase of RMB437.187 billion or 11.74% as compared with
      the previous year, accounting for 62.18% of the average daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease
      of 2.80 percentage points as compared with the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of
      structured deposits of the Company amounted to RMB242.764 billion, representing a decrease of RMB23.553 billion
      as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 3.34% of the balance of deposits from customers
      and representing a decrease of 1.02 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
      Looking forward to 2023, with the joint force of various policy mixes and the resilience and recovery of the macro
      economy, the willingness of placing deposits by residents and enterprises is expected to experience marginal decline.
      At the same time, demand for investment and consumption will recover to a certain extent since the capital market
      turns to warm up, and M2 growth rate is expected to be lower than that in 2022. With the great pressure on
      commercial banks to grow their deposits and the increasingly fierce competition for deposits, the trend towards
      time deposits is likely to continue, therefore, it is expected that the Company will face challenges in both scale
      growth and cost control. In order to maintain high-quality growth of deposits, the Company will take the following
      measures. Firstly, the Company will continue to strengthen internal management, adhere to the dominant position
      in the growth of core deposits, and maintain a high proportion of core deposits; secondly, the Company will
      continue to leverage the advantages of settlement services and wealth management services to strengthen customer
      expansion and customer base management, and expand low-cost deposit-generating activities; thirdly, the Company
      will continue to strengthen the volume and price control of high-cost deposits to cope with the pressure of rising
      deposit costs.




12
      The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit,
      structured deposits and other high-cost deposits.
52   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.9.6 Assets allocation
           The Company allocated assets flexibly under the general principle of proper match between risk and return. In
           accordance with the general requirement for a dynamically balanced development featured with “Quality, Efficiency
           and Scale”, the Company has taken a number of initiatives to make progress in a stable manner and to promote
           coordinated stable growth of corporate loans and retail loans by taking into account the internal and external
           conditions. In addition, the Company has appropriately increased the allocation for bonds issued by the PRC
           government, bonds issued by policy banks and medium to high grade credit bonds. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the Company’s total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB5,720.708 billion, representing an
           increase of 8.92% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 60.15% of the total assets of the
           Company, representing a decrease of 0.22 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
           them, retail loans were RMB3,109.737 billion, representing an increase of 5.74% as compared with the end of
           the previous year, accounting for 54.36% of the loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing a
           decrease of 1.64 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Affected by the macroeconomic
           and market factors, the growth of residential mortgage loans and credit card loans slowed down. The growth of
           micro-finance loans and consumer loans both drove the steady growth of retail loans. Corporate loans amounted
           to RMB2,097.114 billion, representing an increase of 11.42% as compared with the end of the previous year,
           accounting for 36.66% of the loans and advances to customers of the Company, representing an increase of
           0.82 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, which was mainly due to the Company’s
           deep exploration of customer credit demands and the continual enhancement of the financial support to the real
           economy under the premise of adhering to risk pricing. The bonds investment amounted to RMB2,232.253 billion,
           representing an increase of 30.09% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 23.47% of the
           total assets of the Company, representing an increase of 3.75 percentage points as compared with the end of the
           previous year.
           Looking forward to 2023, the Company will continue to make reasonable credit assets and financial investment
           subject to the general constraints of capital endogenous capability and the general principle of a proper match
           between risk and return. In terms of credit assets, the Company will continue to consolidate and intensify its
           strength in retailing system while maintaining stable growth in total volume, and seize the favourable situation
           of economic recovery and strive to continue the trend of increasing retail market share in 2023. Specifically, the
           growth rate of retail loans is expected to increase as compared with that of 2022. The Company will further
           strengthen digital customer acquisition and product innovation, enhance joint cooperation between wholesale and
           retail finance, expand grant of residential mortgage loans, strengthen customer outreach in respect of second-hand
           houses, ride on the consumption restoration to promote growth of consumer loans and credit-card loans, and strive
           to realise steady growth on the premise of effective risk management. Corporate loans are expected to maintain a
           steady and healthy growth. The Company will actively seize market opportunities such as medium- and long-term
           investment in manufacturing industry, industrial green and low-carbon transformation, infrastructure construction,
           technological innovation and development, and focus on fields such as green economy, manufacturing industry,
           inclusive finance, and sci-tech finance, increase credit grant, continue to optimise the corporate credit structure, and
           further enhance service support for the real economy. The Company will rationalise the pace of financial investment
           and asset allocation structure in accordance with deposit growth, credit investment and changes in market interest
           rates, so as to increase comprehensive income under the premise of ensuring liquidity safety.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   53
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.9.7 The formation and disposal of non-performing assets
      During the reporting period, affected by the slowdown in economic growth and further release of real estate
      customer risks, the Company formed new non-performing loans of RMB62.975 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of RMB15.656 billion; the formation ratio of non-performing loans was 1.15%, representing a year-on-
      year increase of 0.20 percentage point. In terms of major business categories, the amount of newly formed non-
      performing corporate loans was RMB17.838 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6.862 billion. The
      amount of newly formed non-performing retail loans (excluding credit cards) was RMB8.315 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of RMB1.178 billion. The formation of non-performing loans of credit cards was RMB36.822
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB7.616 billion. As for regions, the formation of the Company’s
      non-performing loans was mainly concentrated in the Yangtze River Delta, central and western regions. In terms
      of industries, the formation of the Company’s non-performing corporate loans was mainly distributed in the real
      estate industry, manufacturing industry, agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery. In terms of customers,
      the formation of the Company’s non-performing corporate loans was concentrated in large- and medium-sized
      enterprises meeting national standards.
      The Company has always adhered to value customer selection, optimised the asset portfolio allocation, made
      adequate risk compensation and has strong risk resistance ability. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance
      of the Company’s allowances for impairment losses on loans was RMB253.413 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB14.228 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio was 467.43%,
      representing a decrease of 23.23 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance-
      to-loan ratio was 4.43%, representing a decrease of 0.12 percentage point as compared with the end of the
      previous year. During the reporting period, the credit cost ratio was 0.79%, representing a year-on-year increase of
      0.06 percentage point.
      During the reporting period, the Company played an active role in the disposal of non-performing loans, taking
      various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. During the reporting period, the disposal of non-performing
      loans by the Company amounted to RMB57.986 billion, of which RMB24.252 billion was written off, RMB15.862
      billion was securitised, RMB12.846 billion was recovered by cash collection, and RMB5.026 billion was disposed of
      by other means such as repossession, transfer, restructuring, upward migration and remission.
      In 2023, the Company will closely monitor the changes in the macro situation, continue to promote the adjustment
      of customer structure and credit structure, improve the industry awareness and customer awareness, study key
      regions, industries and business areas, carefully study and prepare risk plans, strengthen the management of
      special-mentioned loans and overdue loans, strictly classify assets, make adequate allowance, actively promote
      risk resolution, take multiple measures to increase the disposal of non-performing loans and strive to maintain the
      overall stability of asset quality.
54   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.9.8 Asset quality in key areas
           During the reporting period, the Company strengthened risk control over residential mortgage loans, consumer
           financing business, micro-finance loans, local government financing platforms, industries under classified
           management and other key areas, and the asset quality was generally stable. In 2023, the Company will actively
           respond to the changes in the external macro-economic situation, and continue to strengthen the research and
           judgement on the risk situation in key areas for better risk prevention and control. For details of the quality of real
           estate assets, please refer to 3.9.3 “Risk management and control in the real estate sector” in this chapter.
           The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
           indicated.
                                                                                                31 December 2022
                                                                      Balance                           Balance      Percentage
                                                   Balance of          of non-          Non-         of special-      of special-    Balance of      Percentage
           (In millions of RMB,                    Loans and       performing performing             mentioned       mentioned         overdue       of overdue
           except for percentages)                  advances             loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans       loans (%)
           Corporate loans                          2,097,114           26,205             1.25          21,515              1.03         25,852             1.23
           Discounted bills                           513,857                –                –               8                 –              –                –
           Retail loans                             3,109,737           28,009             0.90          44,097              1.42         46,731             1.50
             Micro-finance loans                      629,628            4,027             0.64           2,515              0.40          4,567             0.73
             Residential mortgage loans             1,379,812            4,898             0.35          10,409              0.75          6,956             0.50
             Credit card loans                        884,394           15,648             1.77          30,201              3.41         31,408             3.55
             Consumer loans                           202,225            2,191             1.08             862              0.43          2,544             1.26
             Others(Note)                              13,678            1,245             9.10             110              0.80          1,256             9.18
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                              5,720,708           54,214             0.95          65,620              1.15         72,583             1.27

                                                                                                  31 December 2021
                                                                       Balance                           Balance      Percentage
                                                    Balance of          of non-           Non-        of special-      of special-    Balance of      Percentage
           (In millions of RMB,                     Loans and       performing     performing         mentioned       mentioned         overdue       of overdue
           except for percentages)                   advances             loans loan ratio (%)             loans        loans (%)          loans       loans (%)
           Corporate loans                          1,882,161           24,666             1.31          10,456              0.56         18,912             1.00
           Discounted bills                           429,105                –                –               9                 –              –                –
           Retail loans                             2,941,020           24,082             0.82          33,075              1.12         36,761             1.25
             Micro-finance loans                      560,565            3,488             0.62           1,792              0.32          3,076             0.55
             Residential mortgage loans             1,364,518            3,806             0.28           4,928              0.36          3,782             0.28
             Credit card loans                        840,253           13,844             1.65          25,700              3.06         26,818             3.19
             Consumer loans                           155,984            1,595             1.02             502              0.32          1,727             1.11
             Others(Note)                              19,700            1,349             6.85             153              0.78          1,358             6.89
           Total loans and advances to
             customers                              5,252,286           48,748             0.93          43,540              0.83         55,673             1.06

           Note:       Primarily consists of commercial housing loans, automobile loans, house decoration loans, education loans, internet joint consumer loans and
                       other personal loans secured by monetary assets. The increase in the non-performing loan ratio of other retail loans as compared with the end
                       of the previous year was mainly due to the suppression of the scale of internet joint consumer loans.


           Risk control over residential mortgage loans
           The Company has always adhered to the positioning of “houses are for living in and not for speculative investment”
           in carrying out the business of residential mortgage loans, actively implemented the national and regional policy
           requirements and met the reasonable housing needs of homebuyers to promote a virtuous cycle and healthy
           development of the real estate industry. During the reporting period, the amount of residential mortgage loans
           newly granted by the Company in the first-tier and second-tier cities accounted for 88.12% of the total amount of
           residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company, representing an increase of 0.48 percentage point as
           compared to the previous year. The closing balance of residential mortgage loans in the first-tier and second-tier
           cities accounted for 86.50% of the closing balance of the Company’s residential mortgage loans, representing an
           increase of 0.46 percentage point as compared to the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       55
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans
      was 0.35%, representing an increase of 0.07 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The
      special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.75%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.39 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year. The overdue loan ratio was 0.50%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.22
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Affected by the slowdown in economic growth,
      the non-performing loan ratio, special-mentioned loan ratio and the overdue loan ratio all increased as compared
      with the end of the previous year, and the increase in the special-mentioned loan ratio was mainly due to the
      correlation of external risk signals. Given that the weighted average loan-to-value ratio of residential mortgage loans
      at the end of the period was 32.59%, which represented a better ratio with 1.79 percentage points lower than that
      at the end of the previous year, and the collateral was sufficient and stable, and at the same time, the proportion
      of non-overdue residential mortgage loans in the balance of special-mentioned residential mortgage loans was more
      than 70%. Therefore, the overall risk of residential mortgage loans was controllable.
      During the reporting period, due to multiple factors, the Company’s prepayment of residential mortgage loans
      has increased significantly, which was caused by the principal reasons including that, firstly, residents preferred to
      reduce liabilities and interest costs as a result of expected lower income; secondly, the interest-rate spread between
      the existing and increased residential mortgage loans has been widening; thirdly, the expected return on asset side
      such as residents’ wealth management products declined. During the reporting period, the prepayment of residential
      mortgage loans processed by the Company had increased significantly since June 2022 and reached a monthly
      prepayment peak in August 2022. At present, residents’ savings continue to increase, and it is expected that the
      prepayment of residential mortgage loans of the Company will remain high for a certain period in 2023.
      The Company attaches great importance to the protection of consumers’ right, and will provide customers with
      prepayment services as agreed in contracts, support the needs of customers with rigid housing demand and
      upgraders, strive to explore business opportunities from them, and continue to provide comprehensive finance
      services for customers. At the same time, the Company will resolutely implement the national policy and adhere to
      the implementation of city-specific policy, pay attention to risk prevention and control, and make every effort to
      maintain the stable quality of residential mortgage loan assets.
      Risk control over consumer credit business
      During the reporting period, the Company insisted on focusing on the acquisition of value customers, exploring
      the upgrading consumption scenarios and the real comprehensive consumption scenarios of individuals or families
      encouraged by national policies in a deep-going way, and the consumer credit business maintained steady
      development. During the reporting period, the employment, income and consumption of residents were impacted,
      which affected the repayment ability and willingness of some customers. The non-performing loan ratio, the special-
      mentioned loan ratio and the overdue loan ratio of consumer credit business increased as compared with the end of
      the previous year. However, thanks to the continuous optimisation of the customer base and the asset structure and
      the application of various risk management strategies, the asset quality of consumer credit business was generally
      controllable.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan amount of the Company’s consumer credit business
      (including credit cards) was RMB17.839 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.400 billion as compared with
      the end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 1.64%, representing an increase of 0.09
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The special-mentioned loan ratio was 2.86%,
      representing an increase of 0.23 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The overdue loan
      ratio was 3.12%, representing an increase of 0.25 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      In 2023, against the backdrop of the internal and external uncertainties, it is expected that the asset quality of
      consumer credit business will still be under pressure. Subsequently, the Company will closely track the changes of
      the external environment, uphold prudent risk preference, continue to optimise the risk control strategy of consumer
      credit business, focus on value customer operation, take customer base and asset structure adjustment to the next
      level, improve the post-loan digital intelligent operation level, actively dispose of non-performing assets and strive to
      maintain the relatively stable quality of consumer credit business assets.
      Control over the risks relating to micro-finance loan business
      The Company adheres to the principle of “serving the real economy with finance”, and improves the quality and
      efficiency of financial services for small- and micro-sized enterprises continuously. While adhering to risk compliance,
      the Company spares no effort to support the high-quality growth of small- and micro-sized enterprises and ensures
      small- and micro-sized enterprises credit resources through product creation and design, platform optimisation,
      channel expansion and other ways.
56   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of retail micro-finance loans of the Company was RMB629.628 billion,
           representing an increase of 12.32% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 11.01% of the total
           loans and advances, representing an increase of 0.34 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           During the reporting period, due to the impact of the increased pressure of economic downturn, small- and micro-sized
           enterprises faced great difficulties in production and operation, which brought some pressure and challenges to the
           control of micro-finance loan asset quality. However, the overall risk was under control. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the non-performing loan ratio, special-mentioned loan ratio, and overdue loan ratio of the Company’s retail
           micro-finance loans were 0.64%, 0.40% and 0.73% respectively, representing an increase of 0.02, 0.08 and 0.18
           percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year respectively.
           In the future, the Company will keep on giving play to the value of Fintech, empower the construction of the
           “earlier stage, middle stage and later stage” whole process risk control system for micro-finance loans, make full
           use of digital tools in models and processes, combine the changes of market environment and regional differences,
           effectively conduct risk research in key areas and make judgements on them and strive to maintain the stability of
           the asset quality of micro-finance loans.
           Control over the risks relating to local government financing platform business
           The Company resolutely performs the relevant national requirements on the management of local government
           (hidden) debts, strictly implements various regulations and regulatory policies, actively prevents and prudently
           mitigates the risks arising from hidden debts of local governments, and earnestly fulfills legal procedures and
           adheres to the operation in accordance with laws and regulations. As of the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of the Company’s local government financing platform business (calculated on the broad statistical calibre)
           was RMB263.639 billion (including businesses such as actual and contingent credit, bond investment, proprietary
           investments and fund investment of wealth management products), representing an increase of RMB1.958 billion
           as compared with the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of loans from domestic companies was
           RMB132.564 billion, representing an increase of RMB9.038 billion as compared with the end of the previous year,
           accounting for 2.32% of the total loans and advances of the Company, representing a decrease of 0.03 percentage
           point as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio was 0.14%, representing a
           decrease of 0.49 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In 2023, the Company will keep on following the overall strategy of “careful selection of regions, supporting
           according to qualifications, compliance operation and emphasising self-compensation”. First, the Company will
           support the local government debt financing by “opening the front door and closing the back door”, correctly
           understand the role and responsibility of the government in enterprises and projects, strictly implement various
           regulatory policies, resolutely eliminate the thinking that the government will take responsibility for everything
           and carry out credit extension in accordance with the principle of commercialisation on the basis of ensuring the
           compliance of the way of doing business. Second, the Company will give differentiated support according to local
           economic development level, fiscal revenue, government debt and population inflow and focus on supporting key
           planning and construction projects of the state, e.g. the “Belt and Road”, the coordinated development of Beijing-
           Tianjin-Hebei, the regional integration of the Yangtze River Delta, Xiong’an New Area, Guangdong-Hong Kong-
           Macao Greater Bay Area. Third, the Company will strictly implement the national policies and requirements on
           government debt management, carefully check the hidden debt risk and require all business institutions to strictly
           prohibit the generation of new local government hidden debts or participate in the false resolution of such debts.
           Fourth, the Company will optimise business and focus on high-quality project assets according to the coverage ratio
           of the project and customer’s operating cash flow to their own debts.
           Risk control over the industries under classified management
           During the reporting period, the Company continuously implemented classified management and total volume
           control for customers in 12 industries under classified management13 that were greatly affected by supply-side
           structural reform, overcapacity or the “dual carbon” policy on the principle of “whitelist”, general category and
           control category. Among them, for “whitelist” customers such as leading enterprises and regional quality enterprises
           in the industry, under the premise of controllable risks, appropriate increase of credit support was given. For “general
           category” customers with relatively stable risks and acceptable business conditions, by maintaining the existing
           customers and gradually replacing, the customer group structure was transferred to mid-tier customers in industries
           such as listed companies, core enterprises within the group and well-run enterprises, and the optimised allocation
           of customer and asset structure was achieved through total volume control, eliminating the inferior and preserving
           the superior. For “control category” customers, such as “zombie enterprises” and “zombie-like enterprises”, highly
           leveraged and highly indebted enterprises, the Company will implement the single account limit management
           strategy.




     13
           The 12 industries include: coal, coal chemical, coal trade, iron and steel, steel trade, basic chemical industry, basic metal mining and processing, non-
           ferrous metal smelting and rolling processing, flat glass, textile and chemical fiber, chemical fertilizer manufacturing, synthetic material manufacturing.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                 57
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s full-coverage business financing exposure in industries under
      classified management was RMB140.292 billion, representing an increase of RMB22.817 billion14 as compared with
      the beginning of the year, mainly invested in high-quality strategic customers and whitelist customers of the Head
      Office and branches. The non-performing loan ratio of the industries under classified management was 1.74%,
      representing a decrease of 1.92 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. Affected by the risk
      exposure of individual existing risk customers and the continuous decline of business scale, the non-performing loan
      ratio of the steel industry increased as compared with the beginning of the year, while the non-performing loan
      ratios of other industries decreased or remained the same compared with the beginning of the year.
      In view of the fact that the basic customer groups of the industries under the Company’s classified management
      are mainly strategic customers and whitelist customers of the Head Office and branches, who have obvious scale
      advantages, cost advantages, market advantages and relatively strong ability to resist external risks, it is expected
      that the risks in this field will be generally controllable in 2023. Subsequently, the Company will dynamically
      adjust credit policies in relevant fields according to national strategies such as “dual carbon” target planning and
      implementation path, industrial policies such as “dual control” of energy, financial supervision policies and actual
      market operation.

3.9.9 Capital management
      The Company kept on optimising its business structure and strengthening capital management. The Company met
      various capital requirements of the CBIRC during the reporting period with sufficient capital buffer.
      The Company adhered to the principle of prudence and stability and maintained the steady growth of risk-weighted
      assets under the premise of controllable risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the growth rate of risk-weighted
      assets under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Company (having taken into consideration the bottom
      line requirements of the parallel run period) was 4.26%. Under the Advanced Measurement Approach, the ratio
      of risk-weighted assets (having taken into consideration the bottom line requirements of the parallel run period)
      to total assets was 55.72%. During the reporting period, the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC, before tax)
      under the Advanced Measurement Approach was 27.66%, significantly higher than the cost of capital. As of the
      end of the reporting period, the Company’s core tier one capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement
      Approach and the Weighted Approach increased as compared with the end of the previous year, realising an
      endogenous growth of capital.
      With the approval of the CBIRC, the Company successfully redeemed USD1 billion of overseas preferred shares on
      25 October 2022, and successfully redeemed RMB11.7 billion of subordinated bonds on 28 December 2022. Please
      refer to the relevant announcements issued by the Company on Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges
      and Clearing Limited and the Company’s website for details. The Company will keep on improving the level of
      shareholder returns by improving the efficiency of capital utilisation, optimising the asset-liability structure and other
      ways.
      The Company adheres to the development strategy of marketisation, branding and internationalisation, keeps on
      promoting the innovation and development of asset securitisation business and further provides space for capital
      saving. During the reporting period, the Company issued five asset securitisation projects through the inter-bank
      market with a total scale of RMB4.117 billion. The underlying assets include installment loans for cars and non-
      performing loans.
      Following the release of the “Assessment for Systemically Important Banks”, in September 2022, the People’s Bank
      of China and the CBIRC released the list of domestic systemically important banks in 2022. The Company was still in
      the third group of the list and still needed to meet additional regulatory requirements such as the additional capital
      adequacy ratio of 0.75% and the additional leverage ratio of 0.375%. At present, the Company’s capital adequacy
      ratio, leverage ratio, liquidity and other operating indicators at all levels are maintained at a high level, which can
      meet additional regulatory requirements.
      In recent years, regulators have attached great importance to banks’ capital endogenous capability and capital
      adequacy ratio condition and promoted regulatory reform and the implementation of the final reform plan of Basel
      III. The Company will keep on optimising the capital allocation strategy and strengthening the asset-liability portfolio
      management. The Company will also improve the capital return management mechanism, adhere to the use of
      economic value added (EVA) and risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC) and other value evaluation indicators to
      improve the efficiency of capital use. The Company will keep up with the progress of international capital regulatory
      reform, keep on implementing the internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (ICAAP), dynamically balance the
      capital supply and demand, adhere to the principle of taking capital endogenous accumulation as the main factor
      and being supplemented by external sources, comprehensively plan the use of various capital instruments and raise
      capital in numerous channels and ways to ensure the smooth operation of the capital adequacy ratio.

14
      In 2022, the Company adjusted the statistical criteria of industries under classified management according to its management needs, and the data at
      the beginning of the year were adjusted according to the new criteria.
58   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     3.10 Business Operation
     3.10.1 Retail finance business
           Business overview
           During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted to
           RMB92.706 billion, representing an increase of 20.48% as compared with the previous year. The net operating
           income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB188.474 billion, representing an increase of 6.29% as
           compared with the previous year and accounting for 60.01% of the net operating income of the Company. The
           net interest income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB129.338 billion, representing an increase of
           11.51% as compared with the previous year and accounting for 68.62% of the net operating income from retail
           finance; the net non-interest income from the retail finance business amounted to RMB59.136 billion, representing
           a decrease of 3.57% as compared with the previous year while accounting for 31.38% of the net operating income
           from retail finance and 57.12% of the net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting period, the
           fee and commission income from retail wealth management of the Company was RMB29.583 billion, accounting
           for 52.10% of the net fee and commission income from retail finance; the Company recorded a fee income of
           RMB21.266 billion from retail bank cards, representing an increase of 10.60% as compared with the previous year.
           Retail customers and total assets under management for retail customers
           During the reporting period, under the complex and severe external market environment at home and abroad, the
           Company restructured the asset allocation system, kept on promoting product creation and design and refined
           management, made full use of Fintech to improve operating efficiency and strengthened customer companionship.
           Customer group expansion and operation still achieved good results. The number of retail customers and the assets
           under management (AUM) from retail customers maintained stable growth.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 184 million retail customers (including debit and credit card
           customers), representing an increase of 6.36% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which the
           number of Golden Sunflower and above customers (those with minimum daily average total assets of RMB500,000
           for each month) reached 4,143,400, representing an increase of 12.84% as compared with the end of the previous
           year.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management for retail customers of the
           Company amounted to RMB12,123.013 billion, representing an increase of 12.68% as compared with the end of
           the previous year. Among them, the balance of total assets under management for the Golden Sunflower and above
           customers amounted to RMB9,866.596 billion, representing an increase of 11.66% as compared with the end of the
           previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the Company
           amounted to RMB2,955.825 billion, representing an increase of 36.33% as compared with the end of the previous
           year. During the reporting period, the demand deposits accounted for 65.02% of the daily average balance of
           deposits from retail customers of the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 188,000,000 All-in-
           one Cards (including Class-II cards) had been issued by the Company for retail customers, up by 6.21% as compared
           with the beginning of the year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                      59
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Wealth management
      During the reporting period, the number of customers who held our wealth products achieved a steady growth.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 43,129,300 customers who held our wealth products,
      representing an increase of 14.14% as compared with the end of the previous year. Under the background of
      slowing global economic growth, the Company took the initiative to address the market changes proactively and
      adjusted its business strategies in a timely manner. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance
      of retail wealth management products amounted to RMB3,138.436 billion, representing an increase of 4.48% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. In 2022, affected by the market, the fluctuation of the net value of
      wealth management products exacerbated, which resulted in significant drop of risk appetite of customers and
      thus contributed to the slowing growth of the scale of wealth management products as compared to the previous
      year. The Company achieved the sales of agency non-monetary mutual funds of RMB335.058 billion, representing
      a decrease of 44.89% as compared with the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the impact of the
      macroeconomic environment and the performance of the capital market, and the sales volume of equity fund
      products declined on a year-on-year basis. The Company recorded RMB112.521 billion in agency distribution of
      trust schemes, representing a decrease of 72.90% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year
      mainly due to the fact that the Company actively adjusted its business direction under the policy background of
      “returning to the origin of finance”, “reform of trust business classification”, and other policy backgrounds. The
      Company recorded RMB72.389 billion in premiums from agency distribution of insurance policies, representing a
      decrease of 6.08% as compared with the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the fact that the Company
      continued to optimise the product structure and increased the promotion of regular payment business with high
      value contribution, while the lump-sum payment business with high premium contribution slowed down. During the
      reporting period, the Company recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth management business of
      RMB29.583 billion, among which income from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB12.159
      billion, income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB6.855 billion, income from agency sales of
      wealth management services amounted to RMB6.354 billion, income from agency distribution of trust schemes
      amounted to RMB3.865 billion, and other income amounted to RMB350 million. For details of the reasons of
      changes in fee and commission income from wealth management, please refer to 3.9.2 “Net non-interest income”
      in this chapter.
      During the reporting period, under the national goal of firmly promoting “common prosperity for all”, the Company
      continued to strengthen the advantages of its wealth management professional services and online services, actively
      promote the platform of wealth management, assist customers in achieving asset preservation and appreciation, and
      make wealth management accessible to all people.
      Firstly, the Company kept enriching the product shelves to satisfy the differentiated demands of the customers.
      It proactively expanded the partner circle with the newly admitted companies as follows: 3 public offering fund
      companies, 2 wealth management subsidiaries of peer bank, and 2 insurance companies; promoted the admission
      and agency sales of individual pension products which is the third pillar of the pension system. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the Company had admitted and performed agency sales of 121 individual pension fund products,
      3 individual pension insurance products, and 10 individual pension wealth management products.
      Secondly, the Company upgraded and launched “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System”. During the reporting
      period, the Company focused on the customers’ wealth management service journey to forge asset allocation
      service procedures, and based on the classification of customers, allocated large-scale assets and subclass assets,
      kept dynamic examination, and realised balance, in order to better satisfy the customers’ demands of pursuing “safe,
      stable, and professional accompany” and make wealth management services professional and warm. As at the end
      of the reporting period, the Company had 8.127 million customers who conducted asset allocation under such
      system15, representing an increase of 16.08% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      Thirdly, the Company established a competitive online wealth product matrix preliminarily. In order to set a
      competitive light-model wealth product matrix, the Company started with the low-threshold products such as “Zhao
      Zhao Bao” and “Zhao Zhao Ying No.2”, guided users to make progress in the investment demands, and explored
      upgrading operation models. By forging more comprehensible and acceptable online investment scenario, the
      Company formed a stable investment product matrix of non-monetary mutual funds with “month-quarter-half-year”
      brand series as the core. By creating a scenario-based matrix, the Company satisfied diversified investment demand
      of aggressive investment users. With the Internet insurance business preliminarily built the progressive product
      matrix of “Gift Insurance – Scenario Insurance – Value Insurance”, the Company launched “Hui Min Bao (惠民保)”
      Service Platform among industry peers, realising the rapid growth of category and customer coverage. During the
      reporting period, the repurchase rate of wealth trading customers reached 54.61%, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 2.73 percentage points.



      15
             Refers to the Golden card and Golden Sunflower card holders who have two or more types of wealth management products out of the
             four types of wealth management products, namely, active money management, security management, prudent investment and aggressive
             investment.
60   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           Fourthly, the Company jointly established online operation ecology with partners and improved the comprehensive
           service capacity for wealth management. It provided partners with practical tools and function models including but
           not limited to pictures & texts, short videos, and live streaming services to promote and perfect the construction
           of the wealth ecology. As at the end of the reporting period, 139 asset management agencies with industrial
           representativeness settled in “Zhao Cai Hao”, an open platform of wealth management business of the Company.
           “Zhao Cai Hao” had a total of 19,730,000 followers, and provided customers with services of over 413 million times
           during the reporting period.
           Fifthly, the Company proactively addressed the fluctuation in the net value of the products caused by the market
           turmoil. On the one hand, the Company comprehensively enhanced special customer accompany work related
           to the fluctuation in the net value of wealth management to assist customers in acquiring correct investment
           acknowledgement; as at the end of the reporting period, the Company placed funds and wealth management
           accompany related contents in the APP’s Income Centre, Positions and other pages, covering 98.40% of customers
           who held our wealth products. On the other hand, the Company focused more on customer experience in respect
           of product creation and supply. In order to better meet the needs of customers for allocation of stable products, the
           Company enabled the supply of stable wealth management products accounting for more than 70% throughout
           the year. Looking forward to 2023, the Company will adhere to the core philosophy of assets allocation, pursue
           diversified and balanced development and minimise market fluctuation risk. On the other hand, it maintains close
           attention to the market and customer changes and makes flexible adjustment to the corresponding strategies
           generally under the core operating idea of “pursue for solid growth of wealth management business, strengthen
           insurance business, and flexibly operate funds based on actual conditions (理財穩固增量、保險聚焦發力、基金依勢
           而動)”
           Private banking
           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 134,800 private banking customers (retail customers of
           the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase
           of 10.43% as compared with the end of the previous year; total assets under management for private banking
           customers amounted to RMB3,792.436 billion, representing an increase of 11.74% as compared with the end of the
           previous year; total assets per account amounted to RMB28,133,800, representing an increase of RMB329,500 as
           compared with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 184 private
           banking centres in 92 domestic cities and 6 overseas cities, and the Company has established a three-dimensional
           service network for high-net-worth customers.
           The Company continued to promote the transformation and upgrading of the private banking business, strengthened
           the comprehensive service capacity building of “individual, family, enterprise and society”16 in private banking, and
           further increased the core competitiveness advantage of the private banking business. During the reporting period,
           the Company firstly strengthened the acquisition of customers. The Company enhanced business collaboration
           with subsidiaries and third-party cooperative institutions, and fully promoted the integration of wholesale and retail
           finance as the model for customer acquisition. Meanwhile, the Company identified potential customers empowered
           by digitalisation, and built a new growth curve for the private banking customer group. Secondly, the Company
           deepened customer operations and strengthened the construction of assets allocation capability. Under the
           background of sharp fluctuations in the capital market during the reporting period, the Company adjusted the asset
           allocation structure of customers, increased the introduction of stable wealth management products, and mitigated
           the impact of market fluctuations. Meanwhile, the Company promoted counter-cyclical allocation of equity products
           at proper times and increased the allocation value of customer assets. Thirdly, the Company strengthened the full-
           life cycle management of products. The Company further improved the management mechanism of pre-sale service,
           in-sale service and after-sale service of products, advanced the construction of product risk management system, and
           supported the development of business. Fourthly, the Company accelerated the digitalised transformation of private
           banking. The Company implemented digitalisation throughout the full process of customer acquisition, development,
           operation, management, and service and built an all-scenario and omni-channel online service system for private
           customers to comprehensively improve customer experience and business efficiency.




     16    “Individual, family, enterprise and society” specifically refers to the needs of individuals, families, enterprises and the society.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       61
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Credit cards
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 102.7093 million active credit
      cards, and there were 70.0016 million active credit card users17. The balance of credit card loans was RMB884.430
      billion, representing an increase of 5.25% as compared with the end of previous year. During the reporting period,
      the credit card transactions of the Company amounted to RMB4,836.239 billion, representing an increase of 1.52%
      as compared with the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB63.974 billion, representing
      an increase of 7.26% as compared with the previous year. Non-interest income from credit cards amounted to
      RMB28.076 billion, representing an increase of 3.57% as compared with the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote the transformation strategy of “stable and low-
      volatility” for its credit card business, further optimising its customer base and asset structure and forming a more
      stable and robust asset portfolio. Meanwhile, the Company adhered to the principle of risk prudence, strictly
      implemented the asset classification policy which classified all credit card loans overdue for more than 60 days as
      non-performing loans. At the same time, the Company strengthened the collection efficiency and enhanced the
      risk resistance capacity. However, due to the impact of the macro environment, the risk indicators have fluctuated
      periodically. As of the end of the reporting period, the ratio of non-performing credit cards was 1.77%, representing
      an increase of 0.12 percentage point from the end of the previous year. Looking ahead, credit card risks will
      remain under pressure in the short term. Amid the stabilising economy, there will be room for credit card risks to
      decrease. The Company will prudently arrange various strategic deployments according to changes in the external
      risk situation. On the one hand, the Company will insist on focusing on value customer development, continue to
      deepen the adjustment of the customer base and the asset structure, and promote the high-quality growth of the
      credit card business; on the other hand, by firmly grasping the opportunity of consumption recovery, the Company
      will deploy consumer marketing activities in advance, including the operation in popular overseas destinations to
      facilitate the growth of credit card consumption and loans.
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to promote credit card product innovation and service
      upgrading. Specific measures are as follows: Firstly, the Company consolidated the multi-channel integrated
      customer acquisition model and strengthened the acquisition of high-quality customers; gained deep insights into
      the interests and needs of the young customer base, launched Douyin co-branded credit card and Genshin co-
      branded credit card, which won wide recognition and love among young customers. Secondly, the Company
      applied a combination of measures to boost consumption. Under the growing momentum of online transactions,
      the Company improved customer payment experience through “One-click Binding” and other functions; combined
      consumption hotspots such as “Labour Day”, “618”, and “Double Eleven” to launch activities such as “Daily
      Consumption Voucher” and “Cashback Rebate for Mobile Payment” to facilitate consumption recovery. Thirdly, the
      Company strengthened the layout of auto installment products, expanded the depth and breadth of cooperation
      with new energy brand merchants, and created a new energy special section within the two major APPs of CMB
      Life APP and CMB APP under the theme of green and low carbon. The one-stop experience of viewing cars-selecting
      cars-test driving has achieved growth in business. Fourthly, the Company improved the level of intelligent services,
      upgraded from “customers looking for services” to “services looking for customers”, continued to expand the
      boundaries of active service scenarios, and comprehensively advanced the service interaction efficiency, experience
      and value. Fifthly, the Company strengthened the Fintech infrastructure, launched the credit card core system
      3.0, and realised cloud migration of the credit card host. Relying on the financial transaction cloud platform
      independently developed by the Company, the new system has better scalability and stability and offers customers a
      better experience such as “scenario-based limit” and “cardless delivery”. In addition, the Company further deepened
      the operation of the CMB Life APP. For details of the CMB Life APP, please refer to 3.10.3 “Distribution channels”
      in this chapter.




17
      After the upgrade of the Company’s credit card core system, in order to further standardise account management, improve risk control and ensure the
      safety of customers’ use of cards, the Company cleaned up some accounts and cards and adjusted the statistical criteria of credit cards and active credit
      card users.
62   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           Retail loans
           As at the end of the reporting period, the total retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB3,109.737 billion,
           representing an increase of 5.74% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for 54.36% of
           the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, down by 1.64 percentage points as compared with the end
           of the previous year. Among them, the total amount of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card loans)
           reached RMB2,225.343 billion, representing an increase of 5.93% as compared with the end of the previous year,
           accounting for 38.90% of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing a decrease of
           1.10 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
           As to business development, during the reporting period, due to the impact of factors such as the adjustment of the
           real estate market and other multiple factors, the demand for residential mortgage loans decreased. The Company
           actively implemented the national policies, adhered to the city-specific policy, supported the residents’ reasonable
           needs for their own homes, and maintain the sound development of residential mortgage loan business. At the
           same time, while making efforts to control and manage risks and maintaining stable asset quality, the Company
           increased the inclusive loans granted to small- and micro-sized enterprises and consumer finance business. As to
           micro-finance loans business, the Company strictly implemented various regulatory requirements, relied on Fintech
           to accelerate product and service innovation, continuously improved the quality and efficiency of financial services
           for small- and micro-sized enterprises for better financial support to the real economy. As to consumer loans
           business, the Company insisted on identifying quality customers to meet the demand for consumer financing in
           a reasonable manner and supported the recovery and expansion of consumption. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the Company recorded a balance of residential mortgage loans of RMB1,379.812 billion, representing an
           increase of 1.12% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of micro-finance loans amounted
           to RMB629.628 billion, representing an increase of 12.32% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           balance of consumer loans amounted to RMB202.225 billion, up by 29.64% as compared with the end of the
           previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 12,140,500 retail loan (excluding credit
           card loans) customers, representing an increase of 24.02% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
           rapid expansion of customer base was mainly attributable to the light model of customer acquisition through online
           platform.
           As to the quality of assets, during the reporting period, the Company continued to downgrade loans overdue
           for more than 60 days to non-performing loans, and adjusted all loans of the borrowers with overdue or other
           risk signals within and outside the Bank to the asset classification standards for special-mentioned loans in strict
           accordance with regulatory requirements. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s retail
           special-mentioned loans (excluding credit cards) amounted to RMB13.896 billion, the ratio of special-mentioned
           loan was 0.62%, representing an increase of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year,
           among which the balance of non-overdue special-mentioned loans accounted for nearly 70%. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the balance of non-performing retail loans (excluding credit card loans) amounted to RMB12.361
           billion, with the ratio of non-performing loan of 0.56%, representing an increase of 0.07 percentage point as
           compared with the end of the previous year. Excluding credit cards, the mortgage and pledged loans accounted for
           65.28% of the Company’s new non-performing retail loans formed during the reporting period, the loan-to-value
           ratio of the above mortgage and pledged loans as at the end of the reporting period was 38.34%. Given that the
           vast majority of such new non-performing retail loans were fully secured by collaterals, the risk was under control.
           As to risk management, during the reporting period, the slowdown of economic growth and the adjustment of the
           real estate market brought challenges to the quality of retail credit assets. The Company continued to deepen the
           construction of the risk control system in combination with the changes in market conditions, effectively improved
           risk management capabilities, and maintained the overall stability of asset quality. Firstly, the Company timely
           adjusted the retail credit policies and management strategies in combination with the changes in market conditions,
           and continuously optimised the business structure. Secondly, the internal and external data mining was increased,
           the model elements were enriched, the strategy model was iterated, and the accurate identification ability of the
           model for various risk signals was improved. Thirdly, the Company strengthened the digital post-loan management,
           improved the full-life cycle dynamic monitoring and management for customers, so as to ensure stable asset quality.
           At the same time, the Company further strengthened the whole chain management of properties, cooperated with
           government and regulatory authorities to protect the rights and interests of housing consumers, and promoted the
           stable and healthy development of the real estate market.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                  63
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.10.2 Wholesale finance
      Business overview
      During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance of RMB62.394 billion,
      representing an increase of 1.70% as compared with the previous year. The net operating income from wholesale
      finance of the Company was RMB127.851 billion, representing a decrease of 2.51% as compared with the previous
      year, and accounting for 40.70% of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income
      of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB86.534 billion, representing a decrease of 0.99% as compared
      with the previous year, and accounting for 67.68% of the net operating income of wholesale finance; the net
      non-interest income of wholesale finance amounted to RMB41.317 billion, representing a decrease of 5.55% as
      compared with the previous year, and accounting for 32.32% of the net operating income of wholesale finance
      business, and 39.91% of the net non-interest income of the Company.
      The Company contributed to the development of the real economy with its integrated service concept of “investment
      banking and commercial banking”, transforming from a capital provider to a capital organiser and providing three-
      dimensional, all-round and multi-level financing support to corporate clients. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the Company’s balance of aggregate financing products to corporate customers (FPA) was RMB5,117.981 billion18,
      representing an increase of RMB382.112 billion over the beginning of the year, among which the balance of
      traditional financing19 was RMB2,798.244 billion, representing an increase of RMB356.982 billion over the beginning
      of the year; the balance of non-traditional financing 20 was RMB2,319.737 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB25.130 billion over the beginning of the year. The balance of non-traditional financing accounted for 45.33%
      of the balance of FPA, representing a decrease of 3.12 percentage points over the beginning of the year, which was
      mainly due to the decrease of balance of financing wealth management business over the beginning of the year
      arising from the business structure adjustment and market conditions.
      Wholesale customers
      The Company has established a professional and focused corporate customer service system with segmentation and
      classification management for strategic customers, regional customers, institutional customers, inter-bank customers,
      cross-border customers and basic customers. During the reporting period, the Company kept on focusing on
      professional operations of strategic customers of the Head Office and branches, acquisition of high-quality corporate
      customers and in-depth operations of existing customers. As of the end of the reporting period, the total number of
      corporate customers of the Company was 2,526,100, representing an increase of 9.02% as compared with the end
      of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate customers during the reporting period was 376,300,
      contributing daily average deposits of RMB201.255 billion. Among them, 23,500 corporate depositors with daily
      average deposits of more than RMB500,000 were newly acquired, and such increase achieved a new high.
      In terms of strategic customers, the Company optimised and upgraded its strategic customer service model,
      mobilised bank-wide resources, deepened its overall understanding of customers and their industries through
      systematic operation of the enterprise itself and its industrial chain and investment chain, promoted the acquisition
      of strategic customers and led to the innovation of the industrial service model and the breakthrough of business.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 34021 strategic customers at the Head Office level,
      representing an increase of 14 as compared with the end of the previous year, the daily average balance of deposits
      was RMB1,028.06 billion, representing an increase of 10.91% as compared with the beginning of the year, and the
      balance of loans was RMB910.355 billion, representing an increase of 17.10% as compared with the beginning of
      the year. The number of strategic customers at the branch level was 6,82922, the daily average balance of deposits
      was RMB700.799 billion, representing an increase of 11.13% as compared with the beginning of the year, and the
      balance of loans was RMB318.163 billion, representing an increase of 15.22% as compared with the beginning of
      the year.




      18
             Since the general loans, letters of credit, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing wealth management, matching
             transactions, and cross-border coordination financing included in the scope of FPA were adjusted in this period, the same-calibre adjustment
             was made to the data at the beginning of the period, with the opening balance of the adjusted FPA of RMB4,735.869 billion, of which
             amount of traditional financing amounted to RMB2,441.262 billion and amount of non-traditional financing amounted to RMB2,294.607
             billion.
      19
             Traditional financing comprises general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills),
             acceptance, letters of credit, financial guarantees and non-financial guarantees.
      20
             The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing
             wealth management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing,
             cross-border coordination financing and leading syndicated loans.
      21
             The number of strategic customers at the Head Office level is that of the group customers as the strategic customers at the Head Office level
             served by the Company.
      22
             The number of strategic customers at the branch level is the corporate customer number of strategic customers at the branch level served by
             the Company.
64   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           In terms of regional customers, the Company proactively responded to the nation’s major regional development
           strategy and industrial cluster development strategy. By researching and tapping into the regional markets, the
           Company pushed forward the characteristic operation of 14 branches in key regions among the Yangtze River Delta,
           Greater Bay Area and Chengdu-Chongqing Region, expanded the coverage of quality customers in the regions and
           promoted the sustained growth and structural optimisation of the customer bases. The Company managed to meet
           the comprehensive financial needs of regional customers in terms of financing, settlement and corporate treasury
           management in virtue of the integrated service of “investment banking and commercial banking”, especially
           increasing its support to customers from such fields as competitive industries with characteristics, green economy,
           quality manufacturing, old and new infrastructure, self-controllable industries in the regions so as to facilitate the
           development of regional customers. During the reporting period, the balance of corporate loans of the branches in
           the above key regions amounted to RMB687.544 billion, representing an increase of RMB106.183 billion from the
           end of the previous year, accounting for 32.79% of the total corporate loans. The increased loans accounted for
           49.40% of the total incremental corporate loans.
           With regards to its institutional customers, the Company actively served institutional customers at all levels and of
           all aspects, shouldered social responsibilities, implemented national policies, assisted in solving various livelihood
           focuses, social hot spots, and work deficiencies, continuously optimised product systems and user experience, and
           built the differentiated and integrated service capabilities. Relying on the platform role of institutional customers,
           the Company strived to build a value creation bank. With regards to serving the State-level government authorities,
           the Company deepened cooperation in terms of policies, qualifications, systems, data and other aspects, gave full
           play to the role of the general management platform, and promoted and empowered the integrated operation
           of the Company and its subsidiaries; with regards to serving the local governments and competent authorities,
           the Company provided comprehensive services of “financing of intelligence + financing of capital + financing
           of technology (融智+融資+融科技)”, and focused on solving practical problems such as government investment
           and financing, planning consultation, housing security, labour security, convenient services, industrial structure
           optimisation, etc. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 48,500 institutional customers, with an
           average daily deposit balance of RMB1,034.548 billion.
           With regards to its financial institution customers, the Company explored the platform value and financial value of
           financial institution customers and adopted the strategy of providing bank-wide services. The Company successfully
           explored the platform-based operation of financial institutions to help the development of retail and other wholesale
           businesses and the improvement of operation and management. Through the platform-based operation of customer
           groups such as securities traders, policy banks, and mutual funds, the Company helped the acquisition and operation
           of corporate customers, gave full play to the brand advantages of CMB, improved the distribution coverage of
           financial institution customers, and achieved the introduction of high-quality retail customers through the channels
           among financial institutions.
           With regards to its cross-border customers, the Company has overcome many unfavourable factors in domestic
           and overseas markets, continuously improved the competitiveness of systematic operation of cross-border business
           under the main direction of customer operation and expansion, created new advantages in cross-border services
           with “domestic and overseas integration” and Fintech, reshaped the influence of cross-border finance brands with a
           new product system of “Cross-Border E Zhao Tong(跨境E招通)”, and strengthened the construction of a compliant
           and stable foreign exchange policy and risk management system with long-termism. As at the end of the reporting
           period, the Company had 78,877 corporate customers in respect of international settlement, representing a year-on-
           year increase of 5.80%.
           With regard to its basic customers, the Company has explored the corporate basic customer expansion model
           based on “people + digitalisation” to provide digital operation services for millions of micro-, small-, and medium-
           sized enterprise customers by establishing a centralised operation mechanism, a first-level operation paradigm
           and a digital operation system, effectively improving the customer service efficiency. The Company has innovated
           and explored the corporate real-time business opportunity capture and active service mode, optimised the multi-
           channel collaborative service process, achieved the system automatic recommendation of services and products, and
           improved the service breadth and efficiency. During the reporting period, the Company served 37.1319 million times
           for corporate customers through various online channels. During the reporting period, the Company had 1,075,600
           corporate customers for withholding transactions, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.93%. The transaction
           amount was RMB2.01 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.00%.
            Corporate customer deposits
            During the reporting period, the Company focused on the capital diversion business opportunities in the key
            business sectors of the market, expanded low-cost capital source channels, and achieved high-quality and stable
            growth of corporate deposits. As of the end of the reporting period, corporate customer deposit balance was
            RMB4,318.688 billion, representing an increase of 9.49% as compared with the end of the previous year. The daily
            average balance was RMB4,259.198 billion, representing an increase of 13.10% as compared with the previous year.
            Demand deposits accounted for 60.55% of the average daily balance of corporate customers’ deposits, representing
            a decrease of 1.74 percentage points as compared with the previous year. During the reporting period, the average
            cost rate of corporate customer deposits was 1.72%, representing an increase of 10 basis points as compared with
            the previous year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                65
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Corporate loans
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total corporate loans amounted to RMB2,097.114 billion,
      representing an increase of 11.42% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 36.66% of the
      Company’s total loans and advances, representing an increase of 0.82 percentage point as compared with the end
      of the previous year. Among them, the balance of medium- and long-term loans of domestic companies amounted
      to RMB1,326.895 billion, representing an increase of 7.92% as compared with the end of the previous year,
      accounting for 65.70% of the total loans of domestic companies, representing a decrease of 2.98 percentage points
      as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing loan ratio of the corporate loans was 1.25%,
      representing a decrease of 0.06 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to national standard domestic large enterprises was
      RMB931.503 billion, representing an increase of 13.46% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting
      for 46.13% of the loans to domestic companies, representing an increase of 0.27 percentage point as compared
      with the end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 0.90%, representing a decrease of 0.24
      percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of loans to national standard domestic
      medium-sized enterprises was RMB556.005 billion, representing an increase of 3.39% as compared with the end
      of the previous year, accounting for 27.53% of the loans to domestic companies, representing a decrease of 2.51
      percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 2.06%,
      representing an increase of 0.62 percentage point from the end of the previous year. The balance of domestic
      national standard small- and micro-sized enterprise loans was RMB386.882 billion, representing an increase of
      20.40% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 19.16% of domestic corporate loans,
      representing an increase of 1.21 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the non-
      performing loan ratio was 1.00%, representing a decrease of 0.25 percentage point as compared with the end of
      the previous year. The balance of other domestic loans classified based on national standards23 was RMB145.123
      billion, representing an increase of 31.78% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 7.19%
      of domestic corporate loans, representing an increase of 1.04 percentage points as compared with the end of the
      previous year, and the non-performing loan ratio was 1.38%, representing a decrease of 1.70 percentage points as
      compared with the end of the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to the national policy guidance, steadily optimised
      the corporate loan structure, focused on the high-quality manufacturing industry, green economy, technology
      innovation, inclusive finance and other fields to increase financial support and investment and actively expanded
      the loan business under the scenarios of state-owned enterprises’ mixed-ownership reform and listed companies’
      refinancing. The Company adhered to the positioning of “houses are for living in and not for speculative
      investment” and steadily and orderly promote the development of real estate business. For the key regulatory areas
      such as local government financing platforms, the loan release control was strictly implemented in accordance with
      the regulatory guidance. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the corporate loans extended to
      the manufacturing industry was RMB443.852 billion, representing an increase of RMB123.792 billion as compared
      with the end of the previous year, accounting for 21.16% of the total corporate loans. The balance of green loans
      was RMB355.357 billion, representing an increase of RMB91.515 billion as compared with the end of the previous
      year, accounting for 16.95% of the total corporate loans. The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was
      RMB302.323 billion, representing an increase of RMB83.169 billion as compared with the end of the previous year,
      accounting for 14.42% of the total corporate loans. For loans in key areas such as real estate and local government
      financing platforms, please refer to Chapter 3.9.
      Bill business
      During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to market changes, put forward new ideas for the
      development of bill business, vigorously strengthened its ability to operate bills and serve customers, and realised
      a comprehensive transformation from product-oriented to customer-oriented comprehensive services. During the
      reporting period, the number of customers of bill business of the Company was 143,369 with a year-on-year
      increase of 1.77%, among which over 100,000 were micro-, small- and middle-sized customers, accounting for over
      70% of the total. The volume of direct bill discounting business was RMB1,518.742 billion, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 21.42%, ranking second in the market (data from the China Banking Association), of which
      the volume of commercial acceptance bill discounting business was RMB174.077 billion, ranking first in the market
      (data from the Commercial Bank Bill Business Association). During the reporting period, the number of customers of
      online bill discounting business of the Company was 22,918 with a year-on-year increase of 27.07%, of which small-
      and medium-sized enterprises accounted for 95.94%. The online bill discounting business volume was RMB419.376
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.30%. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s bill
      discounting balance was RMB513.857 billion, representing an increase of 19.75% as compared with the end of the
      previous year.


      23
             Such loans include loans made by domestic institutions to overseas and offshore customers, domestic non-enterprise customers and individual
             industrial and commercial households.
66   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           The Company keeps on strengthening the investment and research integration mechanism and the trading
           strategy of flow management and market timing and optimises the trading mechanism of Head Office and branch
           cooperation and discounting and inter-bank discounting linkage. During the reporting period, the discounted bills
           transferred to other financial institutions amounted to RMB1,450.794 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           16.17%, ranking second in the market (data from the China Banking Association).
           The Company keeps on implementing the rediscounting policy of the People’s Bank of China, actively supports
           enterprise financing and serves the real economy through rediscounting. During the reporting period, the business
           volume of bill rediscounting amounted to RMB206.654 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.63%. As
           of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s rediscounting balance was RMB82.472 billion, representing an
           increase of 26.08% as compared with the end of the previous year, ranking first in the market (data from the China
           Banking Association).
           Transaction banking business
           During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the three business scenarios of corporate treasury
           management, sales and procurement, focused on the actual needs of enterprises in digital transformation and
           delivered the achievements of its Fintech innovations to enhance its capability to serve customers.
           The Company also actively explored the integrated digital services for enterprises under the scenario of “integration
           of business and finance”, and provided services such as account management, billing management, investment,
           and wealth management, budget management, financing management, and international business through the
           CBS + treasury management open platform of the Company, to meet the medium- and large-sized enterprises’
           demands for finance management upgrading and digital transformation. Through the “Cloud-based Direct Connect
           (雲直聯)” mode, the Company speeded up the connection between its business systems and the ERP, OA, expense
           control system, and supply chain financial platform applied in the business operations, so as to facilitate enterprises
           to directly use the Company’s financial services. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of active users
           of Cloud-based Direct Connect reached 128,700, representing an increase of 27.80% as compared with the
           end of the previous year. In response to the demand for digital upgrade of corporate finance and taxation and
           informatisation management of files, the Company provided non-financial services such as contract management,
           invoice management, and intelligent reviewing, and leveraged its Fintech capabilities to help enterprises improve
           their management efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of Invoice Cloud customers reached
           278,900, representing an increase of 162.00% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           With respect to the corporate sales, the Company helped enterprises collect capital through multiple-channels
           and manage their capital after collection by creating a “Corporate Cashier (企業收銀台)”. The Company provided
           standardised and personalised account services, capital collection, and reconciliation services based on different
           sales models; The Company actively carried out the service for group-based management, franchise, and platform
           enterprises, and it also continued to promote the collection service program named “One Entire Bank for One
           Customer (全行服務一家)”. During the reporting period, the customers of corporate collection products reached
           62,700, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.69%; The accumulated transaction amount of corporate
           collection products was RMB4.25 trillion24, representing an increase of 17.06% as calculated on the same basis of
           the previous year.
           In respect of the procurement payment and short-term financing needs of corporate customers, the Company
           continued to optimise online payment products and the letters & certificates issuance business, enhance the
           convenience of online operation, enrich the “Shan Dian Series” products of domestic trade financing, and improve
           the efficiency of financing and lending. During the reporting period, the letters & certificates issuance business
           transactions of the Company amounted to RMB405.255 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 41.32%; the
           domestic trade financing business volume amounted to RMB930.068 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
           19.75%.
           Cross-border finance business
           During the reporting period, the Company continued to enrich the connotation of cross-border finance services,
           delivered the product service system from the perspective of customers, and highlighted the five-in-one
           comprehensive service advantages of “domestic and foreign, local and foreign currencies, offshore and onshore,
           online and offline, and investment and commercial banking” around the full-life operation cycle and full scenario
           needs of customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s corporate international settlement
           amounted to USD408.236 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.38%.




           24
                  Due to the increase in the withholding business of water, electricity and gas for corporate collection products in the current period, the
                  year-on-year data were adjusted based on the same calibre.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   67
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      The Company enhanced the operation of characteristic customers and key scenario operations in cross-border
      finance business, made full use of both domestic and foreign markets and resources, continued to build a full-
      licence operation system for three types of non-resident accounts, focused on overseas trade, investment and
      financing, entity operation and treasury platforms for customers “going global”, and strengthened the operation of
      high-quality customer groups in the capital market with overseas listed companies as the core. Through scenario-
      based special research, list-based marketing, and project-based operation, the Company provided a package of
      comprehensive customer management plans.
      By further promoting digital operation and management, the Company has greatly improved the online rate of
      cross-border finance business, built full-scenario online services of cross-border settlement, transaction, and trade
      financing through the iterative optimisation of product functions, and made every effort to build an “international
      business zone” for online enterprise banking, to expand customer groups in a “people + digitalisation” service
      mode. The efficiency, quality, and experience of customers in handling business have been comprehensively
      improved. During the reporting period, the number of corporate cross-border online remittances of the Company
      was 631,700 times, representing a year-on-year increase of 75.62% and accounting for 75.61% of the total number
      of corporate cross-border remittances, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.59 percentage points.
      The Company strengthened the construction of a comprehensive risk management system for cross-border finance
      to ensure the steady development of business. The Company also focused on strengthening credit risk monitoring,
      improving the refined management of anti-money laundering strategies, highlighting country risk and market risk
      management, and maintaining “zero occurrence” of fraud-related risk events and sensitive risk events related to
      newly opened accounts.
      Inclusive finance business
      The development of inclusive finance is an important measure for the Company to actively serve the real economy.
      It is an inherent need to achieve high-quality and sustainable development under the new situation, and an active
      choice to explore potential market opportunities and create differentiated competitive advantages. In this context,
      the Company established the Inclusive Finance Department in November 2022. Through measures such as increasing
      resource investment, improving systems and mechanisms, and innovating products and services, the Company
      actively implemented the principle of “Daring to Lend, Willing to Lend, Able to Lend, and Agree to Lend”. Centring
      on the two key objectives of “expanding coverage and increasing volume”, the Company took the three main lines
      of supply chain and scenario-based finance, sci-tech finance, and small- and micro-sized enterprises finance as the
      basis. The Company also explored a new four-in-one model of customer, product, risk, and operation, improved the
      five supports of team, brand, resource, assessment, and collaboration, and built a long-term mechanism for inclusive
      finance development. As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of inclusive small- and micro-sized
      enterprises of the Company amounted to RMB678.349 billion, representing an increase of RMB77.249 billion or
      12.85% as compared with the end of the previous year, 3.93 percentage points higher than the overall loan growth
      rate of the Company; The number of inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises with loan balance was 990,700,
      representing an increase of 77,400 or 8.47% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting
      period, the Company newly issued inclusive loans of RMB476.243 billion for small- and micro-sized enterprises, with
      an average interest rate of 5.15%, down by 13 basis points year-on-year.
      With regard to its supply chain and scenario-based finance, the Company continued to empower the industrial
      chain of leading enterprises in various industries and help small- and medium-sized enterprises on the chain to solve
      financing problems. Firstly, the Company gave full play to the existing advantages of its supply chain business of
      “One Entire Bank for One Customer (全行服務一家)” and product online, continuously improved the user experience
      and strove to cover more customer groups. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has launched a
      total of 247 projects under this model, extended its services to 22,903 small- and medium-sized enterprises, of
      which 18,842 enterprises were granted financing support, with the amount of granting loans of RMB268.484
      billion. Secondly, based on the specialisation, the Company customised industry solutions around energy, new
      retail, communication, automobile, and other industries. During the reporting period, the business volume of the
      Company’s supply chain financing amounted to RMB661.982 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.17%,
      serving 5,572 core enterprises, and 33,260 upstream and downstream customers.
68   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           With regard to its sci-tech finance, the Company has provided products and services based on the needs of science
           and technology enterprises in four scenarios: capital, industry, digitalisation, and talent through the pilot project
           involving 6+1 branches, including six first-level branches in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou,
           and Hefei and one second-level branch in Jiaxing. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans25
           extended to technology enterprises by the Company amounted to RMB295.608 billion, representing an increase of
           RMB91.547 billion or 44.86% as compared with the end of the previous year. With regard to its Qian Ying Zhan Yi
           (千鷹展翼) service system, focusing on the listing service needs of science and technology innovation enterprises,
           the Company provided comprehensive listing service solutions for customers of to-be-listed enterprises with the
           listing service ecological partners such as exchanges, governments, intermediaries and private equity, participated in
           and supported the 11th China Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition, and brought investment and private
           technology products and services to participating enterprises. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of
           customers served by Qian Ying Zhan Yi (千鷹展翼) system of the Company reached 32,106.
           Investment banking business
           During the reporting period, the Company drove business innovation with product innovation, with refined
           management continuing to deepen, risk management achieving remarkable results, and the investment banking
           business developing steadily.
           With respect to its bond underwriting business, the Company strove to build an all-round service system for
           bond issuance enterprises to serve customers in direct financing. During the reporting period, the bonds with
           the Company as the lead underwriter amounted to RMB675.001 billion, and debt financing instruments of non-
           financial enterprises ranked third in the market in terms of scale (based on the data from the National Association of
           Financial Market Institutional Investors), among which the perpetual bond ranked first, the Asset-Backed Note (ABN)
           ranked second, and the green bond ranked third. At the same time, the Company actively implemented the national
           industrial policy, launched innovative products such as science and technology innovation notes and sustainable
           development bonds, and its underwriting scale ranked among the top in the industry.
           With respect to its M&A financing business, the Company overcame the unfavourable factors of the shrinking
           M&A transaction market, further improved the business system, and strengthened the ability to organise high-
           quality assets. During the reporting period, the Company achieved M&A financing of RMB186.424 billion, and the
           proportion of the balance of M&A loans to the corporate loan balance hit a record high. Many major projects with
           market influence were implemented, which enhanced the brand influence of the Company in the M&A market.
           With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company continued to improve the product system,
           expanded multi-type asset management cooperation institutions, and enriched products with different maturity and
           risk-return characteristics. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of corporate wealth
           management products was RMB384.996 billion.
           With respect to its market transactions (matching services) business, the Company vigorously carried out matching
           business based on the capital preference of licenced financial institutions under the “One Bank, Two Commissions(一
           行兩會)” to meet the financing needs of industrial customers and support the development of the real economy.
           During the reporting period, the business volume of market transactions (matching services) of the Company
           increased by 5.40% year-on-year.
           Financial institution business
           With respect to its financial institution asset and liability business, the Company continued to deepen the services
           of financial institution customers and expand high-quality financial institution customers. During the reporting
           period, the daily average balance of financial institution deposits of the Company amounted to RMB663.564 billion.
           Among them, the daily average balance of financial institution demand deposits from fund clearing, settlement and
           depository service amounted to RMB598.864 billion.
           With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository services were in stable
           operation, conducting cooperation with 105 securities companies in third-party depository services and 15,474,800
           customers were secured at the end of the reporting period. In addition, the Company entered into cooperation with
           93 securities companies on margin trading and short selling business, securing 547,100 customers at the end of
           the reporting period. Also, the Company entered into cooperation with 58 securities companies on stock options
           business, securing 43,900 customers at the end of the reporting period, and entered into cooperation with 141
           future companies on fund transfer, securing 361,300 customers at the end of the reporting period.




           25
                  Represents loans granted to technology enterprises such as “specialised, competitive, distinguished and innovative (專精特新)” enterprises,
                  high-tech enterprises and technology-based SMEs by the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                              69
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      With respect to the businesses on interbank online service platform, through the interbank online service platform
      “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)”, the Company provided financial institutions with online sales and trading services of
      various products and assets throughout the market, and positive progress has been made in business operations
      during the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of financial institution clients on the
      “Zhao Ying Tong” platform of the Company reached 3,067, and during the reporting period, the online business
      volume amounted to RMB1,737.904 billion, increasing by 9.39% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      Among them, the online sales volume of third-party asset management products amounted to RMB774.243 billion,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 24.78% in accordance with the same calibre.
      Asset management business
      As at the end of the reporting period, the total asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China
      Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM, and CMB International Capital all being subsidiaries of the Company, amounted
      to RMB4.41 trillion26, representing an increase of 2.32% as compared with the beginning of the year, among
      which the balance of wealth management products under management by CMB Wealth Management amounted
      to RMB2.67 trillion27, representing a decrease of 3.96% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale
      of assets management business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.48 trillion28, representing an increase
      of 10.40% as compared with the beginning of the year; the scale of asset management business of CIGNA &
      CMAM amounted to RMB164.733 billion29, representing an increase of 78.47% as compared with the beginning of
      the year; the scale of asset management business of CMB International Capital amounted to RMB104.315 billion,
      representing an increase of 7.10% as compared with the end of the previous year.
      During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the development concept of “safeguarding customers’ wealth
      with loyalty, securing steady and sustainable growth with integrity and innovation”. CMB Wealth Management
      explored a high-quality growth model from the perspective of long-term development based on the practice of
      inclusive finance. In terms of promoting business transformation, it continued to push forward with product
      rectification. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of its new products30 amounted to RMB2.56 trillion,
      accounting for 95.88% of the balance of the total wealth management products, while the reduction progress
      of individual assets of the remaining old products was faster than the rectification plan. As for cash products, the
      Company realised a stable transformation in accordance with the requirements of the New Cash Regulation. In
      terms of improving risk management, CMB Wealth Management coordinated and promoted establishment of
      risk management system catering for various levels and categories focusing on management of credit risk, market
      risk and other five risks, and strengthened concentration risk control for single credit entity and enhanced risk alerts
      and active management for key areas. Strict internal risk control measures were implemented, and systems such
      as consumer rights protection shall be established and improved to protect the rights and interests of investors.
      In terms of enriching its product system, CMB Wealth Management focused on meeting customers’ diversified
      financial needs, and had developed more than 110 series of products. Moreover, CMB Wealth Management have
      cooperated with China Merchants Bank again for launching the convenient wealth management service of “Ri
      Ri Bao (日日寶) “ after the successful launch of “Zhao Zhao Bao (朝朝寶)”, while continuously issuing pension
      wealth management products and strengthening the sales of scenario-based products, resulting in enhancement
      of customer loyalty. In terms of promoting Fintech empowerment, the technology platform (Harbour System)
      independently developed by CMB Wealth Management has moved from an operational platform to an analytical
      platform as a whole, which has significantly improved the efficiency of investment research, risk control, and
      operation, and won the Shenzhen Fintech Initiative Award and the recognition of industry experts. In terms of
      deepening cooperation with JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited, CMB Wealth Management
      has invested in 53 products of the mutual funds and dedicated fund accounts of JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia
      Pacific) Limited and its related parties; At the same time, the two sides gave full play to their respective advantages
      in the fields of fixed income and global equity investment, jointly issued four multi-asset financial products, and
      carried out in-depth exchanges in investment research, risk analysis, technology application, and other aspects.




      26
             The total volume of asset management business of China Merchants Fund and CMB International Capital both included the data of their
             respective subsidiaries.
      27
             The balance refers to the sum of the principal of wealth management products and the changes in net value of the net-value products of
             customers as at the end of the reporting period.
      28
             The statistical calibre has been changed, and the figures of the previous year have been adjusted in accordance with the same statistical
             calibre.
      29
             Comparable data was adjusted according to the regulatory reporting calibre and same statistical calibre.
      30
             New products are wealth management products in compliance with the relevant provisions of the New Regulation on Asset Management.
70   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           During the reporting period, China Merchants Fund anchored the main line of “high-quality” development and
           strived to promote the “contrarian growth” of the Company’s business. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           scale of non-monetary mutual funds reached RMB560.891 billion, representing an increase of 2.29% as compared
           with the end of the previous year. In terms of enhancing capabilities of investment and research, it continued
           to promote the integration of investment and research systems, further improved the investment management
           system, enhanced the building of platform systems for investment and research, and strengthened in-depth research
           and investment and research interaction in the form of industrial chain groups. In terms of deepening customer
           operation, it actively promoted channel and customer base development, accelerated the expansion of the pension
           annuity business, strengthened customer operation and after-sales service follow-up, provided its customers with
           professional market analysis and investment insight in a timely manner under the condition of increasing market
           fluctuations, and guided rational investment and long-term investment. In terms of improving product layout,
           according to the new changes in the capital market, it actively and appropriately adjusted the product strategy;
           launched the first batch of innovative products in many industries such as the Beijing Stock Exchange 50 Index, the
           policy-based financial bond ETF and the Carbon-Neutral ETF. The scale of newly issued products during the reporting
           period ranked among the top in the industry. At the same time, it continued to vigorously develop public REITs
           business and realised the winning of bids for multiple projects of different asset categories. In terms of promoting
           digital transformation, it continued to increase investment in science and technology, focused on the improvement
           of self-development ability and innovation ability, and took a solid step in digital transformation. In terms of
           strengthening the internal control mechanism, it continued to adhere to the steady operation tradition, focused
           on improving risk control measures, strengthened daily liquidity risk management, improved the scientific level of
           the compliance audit, and consolidated the foundation of anti-money laundering measures, and as a result, no
           major risk compliance incidents have occurred during the reporting period.
           During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMAM integrated into the strategic layout of the Group and the flywheel
           of the parent bank with three major businesses, namely “insurance fund entrustment, debt-guaranteed investment
           plan, and portfolio asset management products”, and exerted its special expertise, dislocation development, and
           complementary advantages in the value cycle chain of extensive wealth management, striving to become an asset
           management institution that is good at managing long-term funds and has core competitiveness. In terms of
           insurance fund fiduciary business, it actively responded to the low-interest rate environment and the violent
           fluctuations in the capital market, adjusted allocation and investment strategies in a timely manner around the
           fiduciary objectives and in line with market changes, and took multiple measures to steadily improve the scale
           and income and served the main business of life insurance. As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of
           insurance funds under entrusted management was RMB108.868 billion, representing an increase of 26.45% as
           compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of product creation, it strove to develop special expertise
           in debt-guaranteed investment banking business with focus on top-quality customers while accelerating the
           creation of alternative capital management products and portfolio capital management products, thereby driving
           the flywheel of asset organisation with long-term capital investment and effectively served the national strategy
           and the real economy with the special advantages of insurance asset management. In terms of operation and
           risk management, it focused on the construction of the five core investment capabilities, i.e. “asset allocation
           capability, comprehensive risk management capability, internal and external manager selection capability, insurance
           bond investment banking capability, and Fintech capability”, while enhancing the expertise of refined management,
           strengthening comprehensive risk management, aiming to improve overall efficiency by fostering organisational
           culture.
           During the reporting period, CMB International Capital was committed to leveraging its professional ability of asset
           organisation and cooperated with the Head Office and branches of the Company to provide integrated services of
           investment banking + commercial banking for its customers. The asset management business leaps into the first
           echelon of the industry featuring private equity investment. In terms of domestic equity investment fund business,
           the investment efficiency, talent attraction, and industry influence continued to improve. A total of thirteen domestic
           and overseas projects were listed during the reporting period. In terms of overseas asset management business, it
           continued to promote its fund-raising efforts in an unfavourable market environment, and successfully withdraw its
           equity projects from the secondary market at opportune times, so as to create returns for investors. It initiated the
           establishment of Aquila Acquisition Corporation, the first special purpose acquisition company in Hong Kong which
           completed listing and funds raising in Hong Kong during the reporting period, which has strengthened the Group’s
           brand advantage in the innovative business at home and abroad. During the reporting period, in accordance with
           statistics from Bloomberg, CMB International Capital ranked second among all investment banks in terms of market
           share of IPO underwriting in Hong Kong, and ranked first among all Chinese funded banks.
           Asset custody business
           As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB20.06 trillion,
           representing an increase of 3.08% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the
           Company realised a custodian fee income of RMB5.747 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.50%.
           During the reporting period, with the goal of striving to become the first-inquiry custodian bank for customers
           with the strongest core competitiveness, the Company continued to optimise the structure of custodian business,
           gradually promoted the centralisation, automation, and intelligentisation of its business operations, with its
           capability of customer acquisition and offering comprehensive service in custody business improved continuously,
           thereby enhancing the influence of its custodian brand.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    71
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Firstly, the Company adhered to the high-quality growth of custody business and consolidate the advantages of
      key businesses. In terms of mutual funds, the Company managed a total of 195 newly issued mutual funds during
      the reporting period, with a total establishment scale of RMB204.8 billion, ranking first in the industry in terms of
      both number and size according to the data from WIND, and the year-on-year growth of custodian fee income of
      mutual funds ranked first in the industry based on the data from the China Banking Association. As at the end of
      the reporting period, the balance of insurance assets under custody amounted to RMB2.24 trillion, representing an
      increase of 34.94% as compared with the end of the previous year, ranking fifth in the industry and one ranking
      higher than the previous year according to the data from the China Banking Association.
      Secondly, the Company seized market opportunities and made key breakthroughs in innovative products. During
      the reporting period, the Company continued to maintain the custody advantage of public REITs. As at the end of
      the reporting period, 24 public REITs have been launched in the market, of which 11 were under the custody of the
      Company, which secured the Company to rank first in terms of market share. In terms of the third-pillar pension,
      the Company has deeply participated in the implementation of the national policies relating to individual pension
      funds. Among the first batch of 7 exclusive commercial pension insurance products, 3 of them were managed by the
      Company, with a market share of 43%. The Company vigorously developed the emerging cross-border businesses
      and successfully implemented the overseas securities investment custody business of the first private equity fund
      QDII (qualified domestic institutional investor) product in China and the first QDLP (qualified domestic limited
      partner) custody business in Guangdong, Hainan, and other places.
      Thirdly, the Company continued to optimise the custody + service system with technology empowerment and
      enhanced the custody experience for the customers. The Company actively used AI technology to ensure efficient
      response of custody business, created a “custody plus 2.0 (託管+2.0)” value-added service platform, further
      optimised and improved investment and research service functions, and established a new custody service system
      featuring “asset protection, resource linking, operation outsourcing, and digital services”.
      Financial markets business
      With respect to bond investment, for RMB bond investment, based on the overall judgement of the downward
      fluctuation of bond market interest rates in early 2022, the Company took the initiative in the first half of the
      year to increase investment, maintained high positions in accounts, extended the duration, further improved the
      subject qualification of credit debentures, and optimised the portfolio structure. Through continuous band trade and
      moderate leverage strategy, the Company increased investment income, reduced positions in time in the second half
      of the year and gradually shortened the duration to lock in income; In terms of foreign currency bond investment,
      the Company shortened the duration of the foreign currency bond portfolio at the beginning of 2022, seized the
      opportunity of credit spread fluctuation, increased the scale of foreign currency bond investment in the fourth
      quarter, and increased the allocation of foreign currency bonds at the high yield point. During the reporting period,
      the Company further deepened the digital transformation of investment and trading business, continuously enriched
      the quantitative trading factor library of fixed income, continuously optimised the duration adjustment strategy of
      interest rate bonds, realised the firm operation of the forward automatic market-making strategy of standard bonds.
      At the same time, the Company actively constructed pricing benchmarks such as real-time yield curves and interest
      rate risk factor models and promoted the construction of an automatic market-making system for cash bonds.
      With respect to foreign exchange transactions, during the reporting period, the Company enhanced research and
      judgement on the economic situations, inflation and monetary policies of major countries in the world, adhered
      to the steady operation concept, flexibly adjusted the trading strategies under different market conditions, and
      obtained relevant market making and returns on trading transactions.
      With respect to precious metals trading, the Company closely followed the main line of market trading, flexibly used
      a variety of trading instruments, timely adjusted trading strategies, and obtained returns on investment transactions.
      With respect to customer transaction business, the Company continued to strengthen service capacity, compiled
      and issued the 2022 White Paper on Enterprise Exchange Rate Risk Management in China, continuously guided
      customers to establish the concept of neutral management of exchange rate risk, and customised exchange rate risk
      management plans for customers in combination with their main business scenarios. At the same time, it actively
      used Fintech to serve customers, promoted the construction of online transactions and international business zones,
      and improved customer service efficiency and reduced the hedging costs of enterprises through digital means.
      The “CMB Hedging (招銀避險)” service system was further enriched, and both the number of corporate derivative
      customers and the trading volumes continued to grow.
      During the reporting period, the interbank trading volumes of RMB exchange swaps amounted to USD759.425
      billion. The trading volumes of transaction services to the corporate customers amounted to USD221.980 billion. In
      addition, the Company continued to actively participate in the two-way opening up of the bond market, provided
      high-quality services for overseas investors, and was awarded the “Northbound Top Market Maker” by Bond
      Connect Company Limited.
72   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.10.3 Distribution channels
           The Company provides products and services via multiple online and offline distribution channels.
           Offline channels
           The Company’s business is mainly in the market of China, and its distribution network is mainly distributed in major
           central cities in the Chinese mainland and some international financial centres such as Hong Kong, New York,
           London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has 143 branches
           and 1,756 sub-branches in China, 2 branch-level specialised institutions (a credit card centre and a capital operation
           centre), 2,695 self-service banks, 5,855 cash self-service devices and 12,511 visual counters; The Company has a
           Hong Kong branch, a New York branch and a representative office in the United States, a London branch in the UK,
           a Singapore branch, a Luxembourg branch, a representative office in Taipei and a Sydney branch in Australia.
           Online channels
           Major online channels of retail
           CMB APP
           During the reporting period, the Company kept on deepening its services for core financial scenario around the
           extensive wealth management to promote the continuous improvement of customer experience of CMB APP.
           The Company also kept on improving the construction of the digital middle office system and consolidating the
           underlying capacity of the retail customer base for hierarchical and classified management. The Company deepened
           the business exploration of the open ecosystem of wealth, actively cooperated with external institutions, expanded
           the service boundary of CMB APP, built the asset allocation capability represented by “CMB TREE assets allocation
           service system” to provide customers with customised wealth service plans, launched intelligent accompanying
           mechanism to improve user investment experience, accelerated the iterative upgrading of smart services such as “AI
           Xiao Zhao” and improve the service model of “people + digitalisation”.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of users of CMB APP amounted to 188 million. During
           the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB APP reached 18,037,100 and the number
           of logins to the CMB APP was 7.354 billion in the year, with a monthly average individual logins of 9.85. The
           number of monthly active users was 66,862,000 as of the end of the period. During the reporting period, CMB APP
           had 1.766 billion transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB52.87 trillion, down by 7.73% and 11.32%
           respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
           CMB Life App for credit card
           During the reporting period, CMB Life App was comprehensively upgraded by the Company. The Company explored
           customer needs in a deep-going way, optimised the navigation bar of the main interface and provided new products
           and services such as account checking and repayment, all-scenario accompanying customer service, consumption
           report and handheld live broadcast, to better connect the life, consumption and finance of hundreds of millions
           of users. Brand marketing activities such as “Cashback” and “10 Yuan Storm” were carried out to attract tens of
           millions of customers. The Company effectively promoted credit card consumption through efficient and large-scale
           customer mobilisation, closely connecting with customer operation.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of users of CMB Life App amounted to 137 million.
           During the reporting period, the maximum number of daily active users of CMB Life App reached 6,723,400 and the
           number of monthly active users was 43,841,300 as of the end of the period. In terms of user engagement, CMB Life
           App was in the front rank among other credit card Apps in the banking industry.
           Network operation service
           The Company’s Network Operation Service Centre provides instant, comprehensive, prompt, professional, and caring
           services to its customers through such as telephone, network and video.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                    73
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      By deepening the application of “people + digitalisation”, the Company improves the adaptability of customer
      services, gives priority to guiding customers to use intelligent self-service to quickly handle simple and standardised
      businesses, provides direct and convenient services for customers who need manual services and provides efficient,
      high-quality, warm elderly-oriented service experience for elderly customers. The Company conscientiously practiced
      social responsibility, ensured uninterrupted service delivery through the service mode of “home office + on-site
      office”, and gave priority to providing customers in areas affected by natural disasters and other factors with
      “much-needed business”. During the reporting period, the remote online omni-channel manual service connection
      rate was 98.00%, the remote online omni-channel manual service response rate of 20 seconds was 94.89%, and
      the remote online omni-channel customer satisfaction rate was 98.53%. With “people + digitalisation” as the new
      engine, the Company keeps on increasing the driving force of Fintech, further broadens the construction boundary
      of online service scenarios, improves the intelligent robot operation system and accelerates the development of
      intelligent services. During the reporting period, the proportion of intelligent self-service31 in remote response
      consulting services was 81.38%.
      Smart service system
      The Company keeps on optimising the intelligent service network with “CMB APP” and “CMB Life App” as the
      core. During the reporting period, the Company further strengthened the AI-powered intelligent customer service
      capability and closed-loop service level of Xiao Zhao of CMB APP and the intelligent customer service of CMB Life
      App, provided customers with high-quality intelligent service products. The Company kept on polishing the AI
      Xiao Zhao platform-level products, connected the various scenarios of the App to help upgrade the service, initially
      completed the integration with Xiao Zhao customer service, provided full hosting and auxiliary response functions
      and empowered the customer manager to operate. As of the end of the reporting period, AI Xiao Zhao served a
      total of 12.09 million users. The Company adheres to the decentralised strategy of credit card service interaction,
      actively uses AI and big data to accurately match customer demands, flexibly connect service channels, explore active
      service mode and provide efficient and convenient service access for customers.
      Major wholesale online channels
      During the reporting period, the Company promoted the “Light-model Bank” plan 2.0 of wholesale online channels,
      creating “out-of-the-box” service capabilities, and improving its “humanised” experience. With the two major
      service channels of online corporate banking and CMB Corporate App, the Company continuously improved the
      “easy-to-use, intelligent and open” digital service platform, offering service portals for users with different roles in
      the enterprise, and offering opening of standardised service packages for new account-opening customers, greatly
      simplifying the opening process. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,392,500 wholesale
      customers on the online channels, with a coverage rate of 94.71%, and more than 90% of corporate business was
      handled online via the online corporate banking or CMB Corporate App; the number of monthly active customers
      of the wholesale online channel reached 1.5194 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.15%; the total
      number of wholesale online channel transactions of the Company reached 326 million, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 3.80%, and total value of transactions amounted to RMB174.65 trillion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 14.63%.

3.10.4 IT and R&D
      During the reporting period, the Company accelerated the digital transformation. While successfully completed
      the three-year cloud migration project, the Company strengthened the construction of key systems, ensured the
      continuous growth of scientific and technological output, further accelerated the delivery speed, and supported the
      high-quality growth of “Digital CMB”.
      In terms of Fintech infrastructure, the Company achieved a stable and seamless migration to the cloud, created a
      new foundation of digitalisation, and possessed the ability to independently control in core areas; With the industry-
      leading availability of the core accounting system and backbone network, Phase II of Shenzhen Pinghu Data Centre
      commerced operation, providing key infrastructure for the Company’s core business. The Company gave full play to
      the function of “two middle offices”, the data middle-office and technology middle-office. DDH, the home of data
      developers, was put into operation to improve the development efficiency of comprehensive data. The technology
      middle-office continued to release shared components and promoted the platform construction of independent
      intellectual property rights, taking a leading position in the construction and application of domestic low code
      development platform. “Yun Xiao” (雲效), a one-stop micro-service application design and R&D management
      platform, was launched to support the implementation of the cloud development paradigm through the tool system,
      making the R&D process automated, visible and manageable, and improving the quality and efficiency of R&D.




      31
             It refers to the proportion of services undertaken by intelligent robots in various remote inquiries services (including phone calls and online
             text).
74   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           The Company accelerated the promotion of new technology applications and deepened the construction of
           intelligent applications by comprehensively enhancing the expansion ability of intelligent customer service and
           building a bank-wide intelligent recording and auditing middle office and introduced the Company’s digital products.
           RPA+ (Robotic Process Automation), with independent intellectual property right, evolved from an automation tool
           to a digital workforce with the basic ability to listen, read, write and act. Since the digital RMB service was launched
           on 4 January 2022, the Company has been actively exploring its integration with business and improving customer
           service capabilities. Now, the digital RMB service is available through multiple channels and business scenarios such
           as CMB APP, counter, online corporate banking, CMB Corporate APP and Xin Fu Tong (薪福通), and cooperates with
           them to work out digital RMB service solutions. Blockchain applications were promoted, effectively enhancing the
           recovery rate of non-performing flash loans.
           In terms of business system construction, the Company released CMB APP 11.0, upgrading the construction of
           Investment, Community and other channels, and launching the digital collection “Xiao Zhao Miao (小招喵)”;
           strengthened the construction of an open wealth management platform, attracting external institutions to settle
           in, and creating a new ecosystem of extensive wealth management. The wholesale wealth management platform
           launched “Zhao Ying Tong (招贏通)” version 2.0, achieving the connection with “Yin Ji Tong (銀基通)”. The
           Company accelerated the promotion of online business, and improved the online migration rate of compliance
           account management, corporate derivative business, financing business and foreign exchange business in financial
           markets. The Company strengthened the construction of online risk control platform, made a breakthrough in
           credit-centric data risk control, and built a complex risk control model system and the self-governance capacity for
           tax data. The new generation of bill business system was put into operation, making the Company one of the first
           batch of pilot institutions of the Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Limited, and enabling it to be the leader in
           entering the era of “Equally Divided Bills32”. The Company released Custody Plus (託管+) 2.0 to empower customer
           investment and help the custody business grow further. A data ecosystem of positive cycle was formed with the
           promotion of constructing four engines: smart marketing engine, smart operation engine, smart risk control engine
           and smart wealth engine. The Company continued to upgrade key systems such as corporate customer relationship
           management (CRM) platform, retail customer manager work platform W+, and centralised operation platform,
           empowering frontlines to improve work efficiency.
           Serving the digital transformation of enterprises with the ideology of “technology for all”, the Company released
           Xin Fu Tong (薪福通) 4.0 to facilitate the digital transformation of corporate clients; launched the standard version
           of Wealth and Asset Management Cloud (財資管理雲), Invoice Cloud (發票雲) that fully supported billing in both
           paper and electronic forms; and E Can Tong (E餐通) that focused on meal allowance and other services to further
           improve the quality and efficiency of corporate client management.
           The Company reinforced the digital transformation of branches to support their innovative business development
           and personalised operation. Full roll-out of the overseas branch backbone system was completed. Phase I of CMB
           Wing Lung Bank Empowerment Plan was fully implemented, enabling CMB Wing Lung Bank to achieve significant
           results in various areas such as service channels, customer business, operation, risk management, business
           management, big data and software engineering management, and forming a sustainable empowerment situation
           of platform sharing and application synergy.

     3.10.5 Overseas branches
           Hong Kong Branch
           Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch is the first branch duly established overseas by the Company, which
           may engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses. With regard to corporate banking business, the
           Hong Kong Branch provides diversified corporate banking products and services, such as deposit-taking, settlement,
           trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans, cross-border M&A portfolio solutions, asset management and asset
           custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond trading and foreign exchange trading with financial institutions,
           and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with financial institution customers. With respect to retail banking,
           the Hong Kong Branch may provide cross-border personal banking services and private wealth management services
           for individual customers in Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-in-one
           Card” and “Hong Kong Bank-Securities Express”.
           During the reporting period, Hong Kong Branch optimised its business structure, focused on customer group
           construction, expanded and strengthened its advantageous businesses such as custody and wealth management, and
           strictly grasped compliance and risk management, achieving the coordinated development of quality and efficiency.
           During the reporting period, Hong Kong Branch achieved the net operating income of HKD2.887 billion.




           32
                  Equally Divided Bills: the electronic bill issued by a company cease to be a single bill, but a bill package consisting of several batches of bills
                  with standard nominal amount of RMB0.01 per bill, which facilitates to achieve “withdrawal on demand” in the payment and financing
                  process.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    75
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      New York Branch
      Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
      U.S. since the US Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is located in the global
      financial centre and is committed to establishing a cross-border financial platform characterised by coordination
      between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the companies and
      high-net-value private banking customers in China and the US. Such services mainly include: deposit-taking,
      settlement, foreign exchange transactions, international documents, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated
      loans, working capital financing, M&A financing, privatisation financing, fund financing. The Company actively
      builds a global service network for private customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for
      high-net-worth private customers on the premise of compliance and stability.
      During the reporting period, New York Branch actively adjusted its business strategies according to the bank-wide
      strategic objectives with the goal of creating a platform for providing global services, adhered to the bottom line of
      compliance and kept on improving its overall risk management capability. During the reporting period, New York
      Branch achieved the net operating income of USD96.4920 million.
      Singapore Branch
      Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border financial
      platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch, which
      focusing on two major businesses, namely cross-border finance and wealth management. The Singapore Branch
      strives to provide all-round one-stop solutions for cross-border finance to the Chinese companies “going global”
      and the companies “brought in” located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. The main services and
      products of Singapore Branch include deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing,
      syndicated loans, M&A financing and delisting financing. In terms of wealth management business, the Private
      Banking (Singapore) Centre was officially launched in 2017, providing private banking products and value-added
      services with integrated investment and financing solutions, such as cash management, asset allocation and heritage
      of wealth to high-net-value customers.
      During the reporting period, Singapore’s economy remained stable and progressive, but the overall international
      macro situation remained complex and volatile. According to the strategic objectives of the whole bank, Singapore
      Branch actively and steadily carried out cross-border finance and wealth management business and assisted the
      branch’s characteristic operation with regional advantages. During the reporting period, Singapore Branch achieved
      the net operating income of USD20.6795 million.
      Luxembourg Branch
      The Luxembourg Branch of the Company, established in 2015, is positioned as an important cross-border financial
      platform in the continental Europe, providing comprehensive cross-border financial one-stop solutions to the Chinese
      companies “going global” and the companies “brought in” located in Europe. Its main services and products include
      deposit-taking, lending, project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A consulting, bond underwriting
      and asset management. The branch is also committed to building a business platform in Europe by combining the
      advantages of the Head Office and European characteristics.
      During the reporting period, Luxembourg Branch worked hard to overcome the impact of the Russian-Ukraine
      conflict, high inflation and other factors, focused on the bank-wide strategic customers, actively sought new
      business growth points and made efforts to increase income and save expenses. During the reporting period,
      Luxembourg Branch achieved the net operating income of EUR31.5143 million.
      London Branch
      Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company is the first branch approved to be established in the United
      Kingdom among all the PRC joint-stock commercial banks, providing comprehensive cross-border financial one-stop
      solutions to Chinese companies “going global” and leading companies “brought in” located in the UK. The main
      services and products of London Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade
      financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans and M&A financing. The London Branch actively builds a global service
      network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for high-net-
      worth private banking customers on the premise of compliance and stability.
      During the reporting period, London Branch adjusted its business development strategies, deepened the
      transformation of business and customer group structure, worked hard to overcome the adverse effects of external
      environmental changes such as continuous interest rate increase and industrial policy adjustments and maintained
      compliance and stable operation. During the reporting period, London Branch achieved the net operating income of
      USD11.3591 million.
76   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           Sydney Branch
           The Sydney Branch of the Company was established in 2017 and is the first branch approved to be established in
           Australia among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks. Based on the resource endowments of Australia and New
           Zealand, as well as China-Australia economic and trade and investment exchanges, Sydney Branch is committed to
           providing two-way cross-border financial services for the bank-wide strategic customers and high-quality top-tiered
           customers of Australia and New Zealand and deeply cultivates characteristic cross-border products, mainly including:
           deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing, M&A financing and commitment
           business, project financing, syndicated loans and fund financing. The branch will actively build a global service
           network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for high-net-
           worth private banking customers on the premise of compliance and stability.
           During the reporting period, Sydney Branch adhered to the high-quality growth path and promoted business
           development with high-quality asset organisation. During the reporting period, Sydney Branch achieved the net
           operating income of AUD47.8947 million.

     3.10.6 Major subsidiaries
           The Company exercises the rights of shareholders in compliance with the law, keeps on strengthening the
           comprehensive control over the corporate governance, capital management, risk management, financial
           management and other aspects of the subsidiaries, strengthens the strategic management of the subsidiaries around
           the overall strategies of the Group, gives full play to the synergy of comprehensive operation and promotes the
           coordinated development of the subsidiaries and the Group.
           CMB Wing Lung Bank
           Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HKD1.161 billion, and it is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. The principal operations of CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries
           comprise deposit-taking, lending, private banking and wealth management, investment, securities, credit cards,
           E-banking, “CMB WLB Wintech (招商永隆銀行一點通)” mobile banking, global cash management, syndicated loans,
           corporate loans, documentary bills, leasing and hire purchase loans, foreign exchange, insurance agency, mandatory
           provident fund, insurance brokerage and general insurance underwriting, property management and trustee,
           nominee and asset management services. At present, CMB Wing Lung Bank has one head office, 28 branches
           and private banking centres in Hong Kong, four branches and sub-branches in the Chinese mainland, one branch
           in Macau, one branch in Los Angeles and one branch in San Francisco in the US and one representative office in
           Bangkok, Thailand.
           During the reporting period, CMB Wing Lung Group realised net profit attributable to shareholders of HKD2.963
           billion and a net operating income of HKD7.648 billion, of which net interest income was HKD5.611 billion and net
           non-interest income was HKD2.037 billion. The cost-to-income ratio was 38.00%. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HKD397.494 billion. Total equity attributable
           to shareholders amounted to HKD44.486 billion. Total loans and advances to customers (including trade bills)
           amounted to HKD203.920 billion. Deposits from customers amounted to HKD301.621 billion. The loan-to-
           deposit ratio was 65.42%. The non-performing loan ratio (including trade bills) was 1.10%. For detailed financial
           information on CMB Wing Lung Group, please refer to the 2022 annual results of CMB Wing Lung Bank, which is
           published on the website of CMB Wing Lung Bank (www.cmbwinglungbank.com).
           CMB Financial Leasing
           CMB Financial Leasing was a wholly-owned company established by the Company in 2008 with a registered capital
           of RMB12 billion. It meets the needs of the lessee to purchase equipment, promote sales, revitalise assets, balance
           tax burden and improve financial structure through ten major financial solutions relating to aviation, shipping,
           energy, infrastructure, equipment manufacturing, environment, health, culture and tourism, public transport,
           logistics, intelligent interconnection, integrated circuit and leasing industry.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing were RMB260.186 billion and the
           net assets were RMB29.374 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB3.274 billion.
           CMB International Capital
           Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong with
           a registered capital of HKD4.129 billion. At present, the business scope of CMB International Capital and its
           subsidiaries mainly covers corporate finance, asset management, wealth management, global market business and
           structured finance.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HKD50.778 billion,
           and its net assets amounted to HKD11.946 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of HKD459
           million.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                 77
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      CMB Wealth Management
      CMB Wealth Management was officially opened in 2019, and its business scope includes issuing financial products,
      providing financial advisory and consulting services and other businesses approved by the CBIRC. In May 2022,
      according to the Reply of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Matters Related to the
      Capital Increase and Share Increase and Change of Registered Capital of CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd.*(  《中
      國銀保監會關於招銀理財有限責任公司增資擴股及變更註冊資本有關事宜的批覆》) (YBJF [2021] No. 920), CMB
      Wealth Management completed the relevant legal change procedures such as capital increase and share increase
      and change of industrial and commercial registration, and the registered capital increased from RMB5 billion to
      approximately RMB5.556 billion, The Company and JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited hold 90%
      and 10% shares respectively.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management had total assets of RMB18.094 billion and net
      assets of RMB16.935 billion. During the reporting period, the net operating income was RMB5.786 billion and the
      net profit was RMB3.593 billion.
      China Merchants Fund
      Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund has a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As of the end of the
      reporting period, the Company held 55% of China Merchants Fund’s equity interests. The business scope of China
      Merchants Fund covers fund establishment, fund management and other operations approved by the CSRC.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB12.310 billion,
      and its net assets amounted to RMB8.175 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.813 billion during the reporting
      period.
      CIGNA & CMAM
      CIGNA & CMAM was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB500 million, and it is an indirectly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, which is owned as to 87.3458% and 12.6542% by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance,
      a joint venture of the Company, and CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, respectively. The
      scope of business of CIGNA & CMAM includes entrusted management of client’s funds, issuance of insurance asset
      management products and asset management related consultation business.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMAM amounted to RMB775 million, with net
      assets of RMB604 million and a net profit of RMB68 million during the reporting period.
      CMB Europe S.A.
      CMB Europe S.A. was approved to be established in 2021 with a registered capital of EUR50 million. It is a wholly-
      owned subsidiary of the Company in Europe and the regional headquarters of the Company in the continental
      Europe. CMB Europe S.A. provides customers with diversified financial products and services such as cross-border
      financing, M&A finance, private banking, investment management, financial markets, bond underwriting, trade
      financing, and operates and allocates the global assets of enterprises and individuals.
      As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Europe S.A. had total assets of EUR46 million and net assets of EUR45
      million.

3.10.7 Major joint ventures
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2003 with a
      registered capital of RMB2.8 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% of CIGNA &
      CMB Life Insurance’s equity interests. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance is mainly engaged in insurance businesses such
      as life insurance, health insurance, accident injury insurance and the reinsurance of the above insurances.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB130.758
      billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB9.613 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
      realised a net profit of RMB730 million.
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in Shenzhen in 2015 with a
      registered capital of RMB10.0 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company directly holds 50% equity
      interests of Merchants Union Consumer Finance. Merchants Union Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the
      granting of personal consumer loans.
      As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
      RMB164.346 billion and the net assets were RMB17.067 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB3.329 billion during
      the reporting period.
78   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     3.11 Risk Management
           The Company adhered to a solid and prudent risk culture and risk preferences under the principles of
           “Comprehensive, Professional, Independent and Balanced Management”, and was dedicated to building a fortress-
           style overall risk and compliance management system under the value creation chain highlighting the “volume
           growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee
           of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining the most significant bank-wide risk management
           policies on risk preferences, strategies, policies and authorisations approved by the Board of Directors.
           During the reporting period, in the face of the complex and volatile economic environment at home and abroad and
           the rising risk of bank operation, the Company followed the requirements of a “Six All” risk management system,
           focused on the improvement of risk management ability, and actively responded to and prevented various risks.

     3.11.1 Credit risk management
           Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform its obligations as
           agreed. Adhering to its management philosophy of “Quality Goes First Based on Compliance and Risk Control (合
           規為根、風險為本、質量為先)”, and with the goal of “fostering a leading risk management bank”, the Company
           promoted the risk management culture of “staying healthy, rational, proactive and comprehensive (穩健、理性、
           主動、全員)”, stuck to the concept of balanced returns and risks and the prudent business strategy in which risks
           can ultimately be covered by capital, implemented a unified credit risk preference, optimised the life-cycle credit risk
           management processes, continuously upgraded credit risk management tools, and fully improved risk management
           standard, so as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.
           During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to the macroeconomic and financial situation, strictly
           adhered to the bottom line of risk and ensured that the quality of assets is stable. First, the Company thoroughly
           implemented its requirements for building a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management system,
           constantly improved the construction of the extensive wealth risk management system and carried out differentiated
           management for different types of businesses. Second, the Company constantly improved industry awareness,
           improved credit policies and guided the construction of a reasonable customer structure, relying on industry self-
           organisation, implementing the “different policies for different industries” list system operation of asset business,
           fully promoting the high-quality asset investment in relevant fields such as new energy, green economy, high-quality
           track manufacturing, regional characteristic industries and independent and controllable industries and optimising
           the customer structure. Third, the Company strictly guarded against risks in key areas and held fast to the bottom
           line of risks, establishing a risk monitoring system coordinated by the Head Office and branches for customers of
           transactions with large amounts, carrying out systematic risk screening for key customer groups on the basis of
           “different policies for different categories” and for key customers on the basis of “different policies for different
           accounts”, improving the refinement level of risk management and ensuring that asset quality remained a leading
           edge. Fourth, the Company strengthened the disposal of non-performing loans, implementing the strategy of cash
           settlement, write-off of bad debts, deduction and settlement, implementing the list-based management of key
           projects and improving the quality and efficiency of settlement. Fifth, the Company strengthened the construction
           of institutional teams and improved the ability of basic risk management, strengthening the construction of risk
           management capacity of overseas branches and subsidiaries, promoting the implementation of “nerve endings
           mechanism” in the front office and keeping on consolidating the foundation of risk management. Sixth, the
           Company improved the foundation of digital risk control and deepened the application of Fintech. The credit
           cloud project ended successfully. The Company comprehensively promoted the digitalisation of credit business and
           strengthened the application of risk measurement technology.
           For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
           statements.

     3.11.2 Management of large-scale risk exposure
           In accordance with the Management Measures for Large-Scale Risk Exposure of Commercial Banks (CBIRC Order
           2018 No. 1) (   《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》 (銀保監會2018年1號令)) issued by the CBIRC, large-scale risk
           exposure refers to the credit risk exposure (including various credit risk exposures in the banking book and trading
           book) to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier
           1 capital. The Company has incorporated large-scale risk exposure management into its overall risk management
           system, continued to improve customer credit management requirements, continued to streamline risk exposure
           measurement rules, dynamically monitored changes in large-scale risk exposures by way of Fintech, and reported
           regularly on large-scale risk exposure indicators and related management work to regulatory authorities, so as to
           effectively control customer concentration risks. As at the end of the reporting period, other than customers with
           regulatory exemption, single non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single
           financial institution customers and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards
           of large-scale risk exposure were all in compliance with the regulatory requirements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     79
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.11.3 Country risk management
      Country risks represent the risks of economic, political and social changes or developments in a country or region
      that may cause borrowers or debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations
      to banks, or incur loss to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other losses to the
      Company in that country or region.
      The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness and
      prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile and
      complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to promptly
      identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk ratings in a
      regular manner and implement limit management, while guiding business to tilt in favour of low-risk countries or
      regions. Major matters involving country risk management strategies and policies were submitted to the Board for
      consideration and approval.
      During the reporting period, the global geopolitical conflict intensified, and in the face of increasingly complex and
      volatile international political and economic situation, the Company dynamically updated the country risk rating
      according to the risk changes and strictly restricted the growth of high-risk country business. At the end of the
      reporting period, the Company’s country risk exposure was mainly concentrated in low-risk and relatively-low-risk
      countries or regions, and sufficient country risk reserve was calculated and withdrawn according to the regulatory
      provisions. The country risk would not have a significant impact on the Company’s business operation.

3.11.4 Market risk management
      The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
      risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.
      Interest rate risk management
      Trading book
      The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of various
      currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators, interest
      rate-sensitive indicators and accumulative loss indicators, to measure, monitor and manage the interest rate risk
      of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses under the trading
      book, and are comprised of around 200 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves. VaR includes general VaR and
      stressed VaR, which are both calculated using the historical simulation method and adopt a confidence coefficient
      of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress testing
      scenarios include the parallel move, steep move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and various
      unfavourable market scenarios designed on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among them, the extreme
      interest rate scenario may move up to 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavourable conditions of the
      market. Major interest rate sensibility indicator reflects the duration of bonds and the change in the market value of
      bonds and interest rate derivatives PV01 (when an interest rate fluctuates unfavourably by 1 basis point). As for daily
      risk management, the annual scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses
      under the trading book are set in accordance with the risk appetite, operation plan and risk prediction of the Board
      of Directors at the beginning of the year for which the Market Risk Management Department is responsible for daily
      monitoring and continuous reporting.
      During the reporting period, the interest rates of China and the United States went topsy-turvy, and the RMB
      interest rate fluctuated at a low level and within a narrow range as a whole. The one-year fixed deposit RMB
      interest rate declined, but rebounded after the reversal of fundamental expectations in November 2022. Under
      the background of persistently high inflation in the United States, the U.S. dollar interest rate rose sharply due
      to the seven interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year, and the long-term and short-term interest rates
      were significantly inverted. The scope of investment in the Company’s trading books was mainly RMB bonds. The
      Company generally adopted a prudent investment management strategy, and dynamically adjusted risk exposure
      by means of bond transactions and derivative hedging according to market changes. As of the end of the reporting
      period, all interest rate risk indicators in the Company’s trading book remained within the target range.
80   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           Banking book
           In accordance with external regulatory requirements and internal banking book interest rate risk management
           policies, the Company has established and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk management
           system, clarified the interest rate risk governance structure and established the management process of interest
           rate risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting. The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing
           gap analysis, duration analysis, benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario simulation and other methods to measure
           and analyse the interest rate risk of banking book on a monthly basis. The re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors
           the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities; the duration analysis monitors the
           duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets and liabilities of the whole Bank; the
           benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between different pricing benchmark interest
           rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such curves based on the benchmark-
           correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation is the major approach for the
           Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a number of ordinary scenarios
           and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move and the change in the shape
           of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible changes in interest rates in
           the future as judged by experts and other scenarios. The net interest income (NII) for the future one year and the
           changes in economic value of equity (EVE) indicator are calculated through simulation of the scenario of changes
           in interest rates. The NII fluctuation ratio and the EVE fluctuation ratio of certain scenarios are included into the
           interest rate risk limit system of the whole Bank. In addition, the internal limit indicator system is included into the
           standardised measurement indicators set out in the Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of Banking
           Book of Commercial Banks (Revised) issued by the CBIRC.
           Adhering to a neutral and prudent interest rate risk preference, the Company pays close attention to changes
           in the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure, predicts and analyses interest rate
           trends based on macro-quantitative models and experts’ research and judgement, proactively deploys active interest
           rate risk management strategies and adjusts them flexibly. During the reporting period, the Company constantly
           monitored and analysed various interest rate risks, especially the gap risk in the context of the LPR downturn and
           the benchmark risk caused by inconsistent changes of deposit and loan interest rates, and adjusted the structure of
           assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and hedge interest rate derivatives off the balance sheet to manage risks.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s on- and off-balance-sheet management measures were carried
           out as planned, the interest rate risk level was controlled within the annual interest rate risk control target range,
           and various indicators including the stress test results were kept within the limits and warning values. The banking
           book interest rate risk was generally controllable.
           Exchange rate risk management
           Trading book
           The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
           factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under
           stress test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator to conduct risk measurement and monitoring
           management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot prices, forward
           prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market value risk indicators comprise
           general market value at risk and stress market value at risk, and are calculated using historical simulation based on
           a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange rate
           stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes in every transaction currency against RMB, and
           changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major option-sensitive indicators include Delta, Gamma, Vega and
           other indicators. For daily management, we set annual limits on authority associated with exchange rate risks under
           the trading book and relevant market exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business
           planning and risk forecast of the Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to
           perform daily monitoring and on-going reporting.
           During the reporting period, affected by pressure on economic growth and the sharp rise of the U.S. Dollar Index
           with the Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes, the depreciation of the RMB in the middle of the year was once close
           to 15% as compared with the end of the previous year. However, since the fourth quarter of 2022, the market’s
           expectation for economic recovery has improved. The RMB exchange rate stabilised and rebounded, and the
           depreciation of the RMB narrowed to 9% at the end of the year. The Company mainly obtains the spread income
           from the foreign exchange business of customers, and uses the system to dynamically monitor the trading exposure,
           and strengthens the monitoring of the changes of limit index values such as sensitivity index and stop loss. As of the
           end of the reporting period, all exchange rate risk indicators of the Company’s trading book were within the target
           range.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    81
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Banking book
      The Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test, and other
      methods for measurement and analysis of exchange rate risk of banking book of the Company. The foreign
      exchange exposure measurement uses the short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation
      approach; scenario simulation and stress test analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the
      Company for managing foreign exchange rate risk in respect of fluctuation of all currency exchange rates, including
      the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and stress scenario, including scenarios such as spot
      and forward exchange rate fluctuations and historical extreme exchange rate fluctuations of various currencies,
      each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or loss. The effects of certain scenarios on the
      profit and loss and its percentage to net capital as a limit indicator are taken as reference in the daily management.
      The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant model parameters on a regular basis to verify the
      effectiveness of measurement models.
      The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
      results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts its
      foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to mitigate the
      relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book. The Audit Department of the Company is responsible for overall
      auditing of our exchange rate risk.
      During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, took initiative to
      analyse the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and
      proposed a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making.
      During the reporting period, the Company increased its efforts to monitor and analyse foreign exchange exposure
      and imposed a stringent control over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about
      the exchange rate risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the size of the banking book of the Company’s foreign
      exchange exposure was at a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company is generally stable with all
      the core limit indicators, general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.
      For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
      statements.

3.11.5 Operational risk management
      Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or failed internal procedures, incompetent
      personnel or IT systems, or external events. In view of the various aspects and wide range of operational risks, the
      Company’s operational risk management will, based on the principles of cost-revenue matching and input-output
      balance, vigorously strengthen the establishment of operational risk management system, implement internal control
      system, continue to carry out various businesses steadily and reduce or prevent operational risk losses with a certain
      level of cost. In the process of operational risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors,
      the Company will, through measures such as further improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening
      risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment and
      evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational risk prevention culture, so as to further improve operational risk
      management capabilities and effectiveness, and prevent and reduce operational risk losses.
      During the reporting period, the Company constantly improved the operational risk management system with the
      goal of preventing losses arising from systematic operational risk and major operational risk. First, carrying out the
      implementation of the new Basel III operational risk standards at the group level, taking the contents of the Basel
      reform plan as a benchmark, and further improving the level of operational risk management. Second, strengthening
      risk prevention and control in key areas, carrying out special investigation on asset custody, residential mortgage
      loans and other businesses and putting forward management measures and suggestions. Third, constantly optimising
      the three major tools of operational risk and update the platform functions of operational risk management system.
      Fourth, strengthening outsourcing risk management, strengthening access mechanism and organising the whole
      bank to carry out post-evaluation of outsourcing projects. Fifth, strengthening the consolidated management of
      operational risk, promoting subsidiaries to improve the operational risk management mechanism and continuously
      improving the level of operational risk management. Sixth, strengthening the second line of defence of information
      technology risk and business continuity management and organising business continuity risk assessment and
      information technology process inspection. Seventh, carrying out various forms of training for operational risk
      management personnel of domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries to improve operational risk management
      skills.
82   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     3.11.6 Liquidity risk management
           Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company is unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
           timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
           management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
           more appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies
           and systems of the Company have basically satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
           Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
           management, the Company puts in place a governing framework under which the roles, responsibilities and
           reporting lines of the Board of Directors, the Risk and Capital Management Committee, the Board of Supervisors,
           senior management, designated committees and relevant departments are segregated to ensure the effectiveness of
           liquidity risk management.
           During the reporting period, the Central Bank kept on adopting a prudent monetary policy, and the inter-bank
           market maintained reasonable and sufficient liquidity. Based on the analysis of macroeconomic and market
           trends, the Company dynamically quantified and forecasted the future risk situation, and proactively laid out the
           asset liability management strategy to achieve the balance between risk and income. First, constantly promoting
           the steady growth of customer deposits and strengthening the control of key timings. Second, taking multiple
           measures to strengthen the organisation and support of assets, constantly optimising the asset structure and
           realising the smooth operation of assets and liabilities. Third, based on the operation of deposit and loan business
           and liquidity indicators, flexibly carrying out treasury active liability management, expanding diversified financing
           channels, actively carrying out open market transactions and playing the role of primary dealers. Fourth, moderately
           increasing investment in qualified and high-quality bonds, strengthening investment strategy management and
           further improving the efficiency of capital use. Fifth, strengthening the liquidity risk monitoring and management
           of business lines, overseas branches and subsidiaries. Sixth, constantly carrying out emergency management, testing
           and improving the liquidity emergency plan and effectively improving the ability to respond to liquidity risk events
           through regular liquidity risk emergency drills.
           As of the end of the reporting period, all liquidity indicators of the Company met regulatory requirements, and there
           were sufficient sources of funds to meet the needs of sustainable and healthy business development. According to
           the regulations of the People’s Bank of China, the Company’s RMB statutory reserve ratio is 7.5%, and the foreign
           exchange statutory reserve ratio is 6%. The Company’s liquidity indicators operate well. Deposits maintain stable
           growth. Liquidity reserves are sufficient, and overall liquidity is safe.
           For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
           statements.

     3.11.7 Reputational risk management
           Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders, the
           public and the media due to behaviours of the Company and its employees or external incidents, thereby damaging
           the brand value of the Company, which is detrimental to the normal operation of the Company, or even market
           stability and social stability. Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance and the
           overall risk management system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by
           the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company established and formulated the reputational risk management rules
           and system and took initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and respond to any reputational incidents,
           so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.
           During the reporting period, the Company strictly implemented the requirements of the Measures for the
           Administration of Reputational Risk of Banking and Insurance Institutions issued by the CBIRC to further improve
           reputational risk management. First, the Company kept on doing a good job in forward-looking management,
           adhered to the reputational risk management concept of prevention comes first, strengthened inspection, early
           warning and prompting and reduced potential reputational risks from the source. Second, the Company actively
           responded to social concerns and properly handled various public opinion events through a unified information
           release mechanism. Third, the Company organised positive publicity and improved the brand image around the
           Company’s advantageous businesses and various initiatives to actively fulfill social responsibilities. Fourth, the
           Company strengthened empowerment and improved the reputational risk management ability of branches and
           subsidiaries through training, publicity and other means.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       83
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


3.11.8 Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of being subject to legal sanctions, regulatory punishments, material financial
      losses, and reputational loss as a result of the failure to observe the laws, rules and standards. The Board of Directors
      of the Company is ultimately responsible for the compliance of the operating activities, and delegates the Risk and
      Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors to supervise the compliance risk management. The
      Risk and Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is the organisation to manage compliance risk of
      the whole company under the senior management. The Company set up three lines of defence for compliance risk
      management and the double-line reporting mechanism through the establishment of organisational management
      structure comprising the risk and compliance management committees, compliance supervisors, compliance officers
      and legal and compliance departments under the Head Office and its branches as well as compliance supervisors at
      branch and sub-branch levels, continuously improved risk management techniques and management procedures and
      established a complete and effective compliance risk management system to achieve effective control of compliance
      risks.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly implemented the regulatory policies and requirements and
      comprehensively improved the systematic ability of internal control and compliance management. First, the
      Company formulated and issued the “Guidelines on Internal Control and Compliance Work of the Bank in 2022”
      and uniformly deployed the bank-wide internal control and compliance management. The second was to carry out
      the internalisation of external regulations in a timely manner, promote the implementation of new regulations in
      the Company, effectively identify, evaluate and respond to the compliance risks of new products, new businesses
      and major projects, and support business innovation within the compliance framework. The third was to attach
      importance to the promotion of compliance culture, carry out the activities of “compliance class” and “compliance
      culture promotion season” by the top leaders, compliance officers and compliance supervisors, and vigorously
      promote the concept of compliance. The fourth was to strengthen employee behaviour management, effectively
      use scientific and technological means and various employee behaviour management tools and carry out employee
      abnormal behaviour investigation on a quarterly basis. Fifthly, the Company strengthened supervision and inspection
      and accountability for rectification, focused on the key points of supervision and outstanding problems of internal
      management, effectively improved the quality and efficiency of internal supervision and inspection through joint
      inspection and audit Eagle Eye system tools, thoroughly analysed the causes of problems found in the inspection,
      drew inferences from one instance, carried out rectification and serious accountability, and formed a closed loop
      of compliance management. The sixth was to strengthen the construction of the internal control and compliance
      management system, build the internal control and compliance data mart, improve the internal control and
      compliance data analysis ability and promote the digital transformation of the bank-wide internal control and
      compliance management.

3.11.9 Money laundering risk management
      Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be used by the three types of activities such as
      “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of conducting business
      and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering risk management
      mechanism, including a governance structure with clear responsibilities from the Board and senior management to
      ordinary employees, a comprehensive system coverage, an effective risk assessment and monitoring system, scientific
      anti-money laundering data governance, and elements such as targeted management of customers or businesses
      associated with high risks, efficient anti-money laundering automated system support, independent inspection and
      auditing, and continuous and effective anti-money laundering compliance training, so as to provide guarantee for
      the Company’s stable and compliance operations.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively performed its anti-money laundering obligations and improved
      the effectiveness of money laundering risk management. First, according to the actual situation of money
      laundering risk and business development, further improving the internal control system of anti-money laundering,
      and implementing anti-money laundering laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. Second, completing the
      institutional money laundering risk assessment, optimising the product money laundering risk assessment and
      customer money laundering risk classification rating system and improving the money laundering risk management
      level. Third, constantly optimising the management measures of money laundering risk of customers and products
      and promoting the refined management of high-risk customers and high-risk products. Fourth, strengthening the
      compliance construction of the Group’s anti-money laundering and ensuring the unified implementation of the
      Group’s anti-money laundering policy in overseas institutions and subsidiaries. Fifth, keeping on increasing scientific
      and technological investment in the field of anti-money laundering, constantly exploring the in-depth application of
      AI technology and constantly carrying out system and process optimisation in key areas such as due diligence and
      transaction monitoring.
84   China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     3.12 Outlook and Coping Tactics
           In 2022, China’s banking industry maintained sound operation with relatively rapid growth in scale and overall
           stability in asset quality. The banking industry is a typical cyclically-relevant industry, and its business development
           is under greater pressure than in 2021 taking into account the triple pressures of contracted demand, disrupted
           supply and weakened expectations faced by the national economy. However, by actively implementing macro-
           control policies, reinforcing the service to real economy, providing assistance in the stability of overall economic
           market, propelling structural transformation and high-quality growth of the economy, supporting green and low-
           carbon transformation, promoting inclusive finance development, helping rural revitalisation, putting effort into risks
           solution in key areas, and further consolidating asset quality, the banking industry holds the bottom line of involving
           no systemic financial risks.
           Looking forward to 2023, as for the international conditions, the main contradiction between the US and European
           economies is expected to gradually transit from inflation to recession, with monetary policy stance shifting from
           tightening to easing. Hence, the impact of external environment on our national economy will experience a shift and
           arouse more from the capital account than current account. China’s pressure in capital outflow and exchange rate
           depreciation will ease correspondingly in 2023, but the contraction of external demand may become the main risk
           confronted by the Chinese economy. Moreover, our export might be faced with further contraction, thus decreasing
           its pulling force in economic growth.
           In terms of domestic environment, full restart will be the theme of the Chinese economy in 2023. In the context
           of weakening external demand, the recovery of domestic demand will become the main driving force for economic
           growth. Firstly, along with the recovery of scenarios of offline economic activity, consumption will become the
           biggest driver of economic growth, especially service consumption. Secondly, investment in infrastructure and
           manufacturing is expected to grow steadily with the active support of policies, and it is hopeful to see that the
           decline in real estate investment is notably narrowed. Benefiting from the factors above, China’s economic growth is
           expected to gain increasingly more momentum quarter by quarter in 2023.
           According to the current policies and economic expectations analysis, the Company plans to increase loans and
           advances by 10% approximately and customer deposits by around 11% in 2023, thereby maintaining steady growth
           of overall loans and deposits.
           In 2023, the Company will, under the strategic target of building a value creation bank, create more and greater
           value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, thus achieving the high-quality growth of
           symbiosis, win-win and results sharing.
           The first is to accelerate strategic transformation. The Company will consolidate and expand the advantages
           of systematic retail finance and extend the advantages to the three sectors of corporate finance, investment
           banking and financial markets, wealth management and asset management, thereby strengthening the flywheel
           effect of mutual synergism and mutual promotion. Based on commercial banking, the Company will accelerate the
           development of capital-light business such as investment banking and financial markets, wealth management and
           asset management to realise the Malik growth curve.
           The second is to promote the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy. By adapting to the new
           development mode of “technology + industry + finance” of economic growth, the Company will focus on the
           needs of the country, the demands of enterprises and the capabilities of CMB, strengthen its service support to
           manufacturing, green economy, technological innovation, inclusive finance and other sectors under the premise of
           adhering to risk pricing, and contribute to the promotion of digital industrialisation and industrial digitalisation.
           The third is to create new advantages in segmented areas. The Company will continue to strengthen the
           innovation of segmented products and segmented businesses, and lead the market in more segmented areas such
           as cross-border finance, the business of bills, L/C and L/G, asset management business, sci-tech finance and pension
           finance. Moreover, the Company will expedite the implementation of regional development strategy, and promote
           branch contributions in the key regions of Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region,
           Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone, etc. By increasing resource investment, giving in-depth study to markets,
           industrial structures and customer characteristics of various regions, and making business layout around local
           competitive industries and high-quality customer groups, the Company will gradually form local scale effect, network
           effect, heading effect and synergy effect, and forge a balanced and rational pattern of regional development with
China Merchants Bank         Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                85
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      prosperity of all market players.
      The fourth is to build a fortress-style overall risk and compliance management system. The Company will
      endeavour to strengthen capacity building, follow the development trend of China’s economic transformation by
      taking the in-depth regional, industrial and customer perceptions as traction, and build “dynamic rebalancing” of
      regional structure, industrial structure and customer structure. In addition, the Company will continue to improve
      system and mechanism building, reinforce the three lines of defence, strengthen the risk exposure management for
      customers, promote the adaptability of credit policies, intensify the risk management of subsidiaries and overseas
      institutions, and enhance the risk prevention and solution in key areas. By further strengthening internal control
      compliance management, the Company will give continuous and in-depth construction to the compliance culture of
      “compliance first, compliance creates value, compliance starts at the top”.

      The fifth is to adhere to the development of CMB with technology, talents and innovation. Aiming at
      building “digitalised CMB”, the Company will accelerate the digitalisation of key business areas and promote the
      digitalised transformation of branches. Moreover, the Company will enhance the Fintech capacity in customer
      empowerment, and facilitate cross innovation by integrating technology and business, and technology and product.
      In addition, the Company will strengthen the professional capacity building of talents and the “Six Can-do”
      mechanism to further energise the team. By constantly maintaining the ability, impetus and passion of innovation,
      and keeping on playing the innovation advantages in system, mechanism, product, service, technology and business
      model, the Company will further exert the driving force of innovation as its core competitiveness.
      The sixth is to improve management and service levels comprehensively. The Company will continuously
      promote refined management by paying more attention to rigorous specification. The Company will accelerate the
      development of investment banking, financial markets and asset management businesses based on its commercial
      banking business, the promotion of global service ability based on its domestic business, and the development of
      subsidiaries based on the Head Office. The Company improves the overall management ability from the Head Office
      to branches and sub-branches, from the parent bank to subsidiaries and from domestic to overseas markets. By
      strengthening the five codes of conduct of “service, enterprising spirit, pragmatism, innovation and acuity”, the
      Company plans to promote management improvement. In addition, the Company will steadily conduct the activity
      of “Service Quality Improvement Year”, and continue to develop the service culture of “We are here just for you”.
86   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     Together with you,
     we care about the health
     of the Company and
     also the health of the earth
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                             87
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

4.1 ESG Review
      The Company adheres to the concept of social responsibility of “originating from society and repaying society”,
      takes “being committed to sustainable finance, promoting sustainable value and contributing to sustainable
      development” as the sustainable development goal, integrates the concept of Environmental, Social and Governance
      (ESG) into the daily operation and management of the Company, constantly improves the sustainable development
      management mechanism, fully communicates with stakeholders and strives to achieve higher quality, more efficient,
      fairer, more sustainable and safer development than ever before.
      During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to climate change and vigorously promoted the
      development of green finance; comprehensively served the real economy and supported the improvement of
      people’s livelihood; continuously improved the accessibility of financial services, and used Fintech tools to enable
      customers to obtain low-cost and affordable financial services anytime and anywhere; paid high attention to
      information security, privacy protection and consumer rights protection; created a high-quality working environment
      for employees; realised the effective connection between consolidating the achievements of poverty alleviation and
      rural revitalisation.
      In 2022, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating remained grade A. In 2022, the Company achieved the social contribution
      value of RMB15.84 per share33 (calculated on the Group’s statistical calibre), and the total amount of external
      donations of the Company was RMB94.76 million.
      For further information on the ESG of the Company, please refer to China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Sustainability
      Report 2022 published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
      and the Company.



4.2 Environmental Information
      The Company keeps on promoting green finance and green operation and building a green home. During the
      reporting period, the Company did not have any environmental violations.



4.2.1 Green finance
      During the reporting period, the Company released the Green Development Plan of China Merchants Bank (2022
      Edition) , which was the first special plan for green development. This Plan describes the Company’s long-range
      vision and path for green development, and builds CMB’s overall framework for green development in three
      dimensions including green finance business, green risk management and green operation system of CMB. It has
      become a programmatic document for the Company’s green development and transformation.
      In 2022, the Company increased support for green industries, and initially sorted out policies for 10 major
      industries and included such industries into the newly developed green sectors according to the results of “Dual
      Carbon” research and relevant regulatory requirements for classification of green industries. The Company also
      strictly controlled credit granting for industries with “high pollution and high energy consumption” by revising the
      environmental protection and energy and material consumption requirements in the credit policies for high-pollution
      and high-energy consumption industries, adding a negative list of backward production process, equipment
      and products, clarifying prohibited matters. The Company implemented the “one-vote veto” system and firmly
      compressed and withdrew credit for enterprises with bad environmental performance and huge social risks.




33
      Social contribution value per share = basic earnings per share + (taxes paid + employee expenses + interest expenses + total external donations)/total
      share capital of ordinary shares at the end of the period.
88   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           In terms of green credit, the Company vigorously developed green credit business and invested funds in energy
           conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment, green upgrade
           of infrastructure, green services etc. During the reporting period, the Company executed the first “ESG performance-
           linked loan” in the wind power equipment industry in China, to provide full life-cycle financial services for power
           projects driven by new energy, and cooperated with third-party professional institutions to accurately select carbon
           emission reduction projects, scientifically measure carbon emission reduction benefits of projects and well conduct
           reporting and information disclosure of carbon emission reduction support tools. As of the end of the reporting
           period, the Company’s balance of green loans was RMB355.357 billion, representing an increase of RMB91.515
           billion or 34.69% as compared with the end of the previous year, higher than the average growth rate in corporate
           loans. During the reporting period, the Company granted RMB18.725 billion of carbon emission reduction loans
           to 181 projects with a weighted average interest rate on loans of 3.58%, resulting in an annual carbon emission
           reduction of 3.6436 million tons of CO2 equivalent. During the reporting period, CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary
           of the Company, granted green loans of RMB38.369 billion, with a business balance of RMB105.371 billion at the
           end of the period and presenting a growth of 16.88% as compared with the end of the previous year.
           In terms of green bonds, in 2022, the Company issued two green bonds and one green credit asset-backed
           securities domestically with a total issuance size of RMB16.5 billion and one green bond abroad with an issuance
           size of USD400 million. The Company served as leading underwriter for 37 green bonds and underwrote RMB39.178
           billion in those bonds. During the reporting period, the Company ranked first among national small and middle
           banks in terms of the amount of green debt financing instruments (including carbon-neutral) that the Company
           served as leading underwriter for (data from the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors).
           In terms of green wealth management, the Company introduced 6 ESG wealth management products issued and
           managed by third-party institutions, with products mainly investing in omni-green industries. As of the end of the
           reporting period, CMB’s agency sales amounted to RMB947 million. CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the
           Company, took the initiative to introduce wealth management products with ESG concept, and issued 3 ESG themed
           products with an existing size of RMB1.41 billion as of the end of the reporting period.
           In terms of green investment, China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of the Company, has been actively practicing the
           ESG investment concept and paying attention to the layout of green finance products. During the reporting period,
           the Company successfully won the bid for sustainable investment products for the national social security fund, and
           issued CMB smart energy hybrid fund and the first carbon neutral ETF in the industry on Shanghai Environment and
           Energy Exchange. As of the end of the reporting period, there were 8 existing ESG-related products, with an existing
           size of RMB3.662 billion and a size growth of 150.48% as compared with the end of the previous year. CMB Wealth
           Management, a subsidiary of the Company, gave priority to supporting investment in green bonds, with a balance
           of RMB28.063 billion invested in green bonds as of the end of the reporting period.
           In terms of green consumption, the Company built several new energy vehicle brand zones on CMB APP and CMB
           Life Platform APP to support customers to browse new energy vehicle model information online, learn about the
           auto installment loan limit with one click, make appointments for test drives at stores, etc., publicising new energy
           brands for millions of times throughout the year. The Company has built its offline comprehensive service teams
           specialising in new energy vehicle installment loans to provide service support to new energy vehicle stores around
           the clock. The Company provides exclusive one-to-one VIP services to all customers who apply for new energy
           vehicle installment loans, and advocates and encourages green consumption.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                            89
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


4.2.2 Green operation
      The Company continued to promote the establishment of smart service system. By strengthening smart service
      capabilities, enriching online services, and optimising service points, the Company provided a wide range of digital
      financial services to hundred-million customers to reduce the frequency of customers going to offline outlets for
      business in an effective manner, thereby decreasing carbon emissions from customer travel. The Company also
      encouraged credit card customers to accept electronic bills and continued to optimise and upgrade reconciliation
      across various online channels. The Company earnestly reinforced the development of an omni-channel service
      infrastructure for electronic bill queries with the CMB Life App and official website (mobile devices), etc. at its
      core. As at the end of the reporting period, with the proportion of credit card electronic bills reaching 99.58%, the
      Company saved more than 1.9 billion pieces of paper in billing during the reporting period.
      The Company adhered to the concept of green operation and green office, striving to reduce the impact of
      operation on the environment. During the reporting period, the Company issued the CMB Green and Low-carbon
      Action Initiative encompassing water conservation, electricity conservation, grain conservation, and themes closely
      linked to employees’ work and life routines, thereby heightening the employees’ environmental-friendly and low-
      carbon awareness in an effective manner.
      In terms of energy management, the Company developed online energy management platforms that enable
      collection, comparative analysis, and monitoring of water, electricity, and other types of data on a real-time basis.
      The Company has completed its access to energy data of the Head Office Tower and 27 CMB branches. The
      Company renovated energy-saving lamps in the entire office area of the Head Office Tower, and partial areas of the
      training centres in Shenzhen and Shanghai, and installed energy-saving lamps with sensor radars in the underground
      parking garage, restrooms, and corridors. The Company continued to optimise various kinds of facilities including
      the air-conditioning water chiller installed in the Head Office Tower and upgrade the integrated structure of smart
      air-conditioning system. Through improvement of natural cold resource utilisation, refined management of air-
      conditioning operation, and sustained optimisation of energy efficiency, Zhangjiang Cloud Data Centre in Shanghai
      saved 1.2 million kWh of electricity in the reporting period.
      In terms of water resources management, the Company earnestly carried out water conservation publicity and water
      conservation signposting to raise awareness for water conservation; renovated and used sensor faucets and energy-
      saving toilets; used high-pressure scrubbers to clean the square floor for more efficient water utilisation; watered
      plants with treated air-conditioner water for water recycling; introduced the shared break room and directly-
      drinkable water dispensers into the office area to reduce consumption of directly-drinkable water; set up a water
      recycling system in the Financial Innovation Tower in Shenzhen to process domestic sewage into reclaimed water for
      green area irrigation and road cleaning during projects.
      In terms of paper management, the Company advocated double-sided printing to reduce paper documents; reduced
      paper certificates, medals, and name cards, and promoted electronic budgets and employee name cards; enhanced
      the purchasing management of paper cups, advocated reusable tea cups, and reduced disposable consumables;
      standardised the use of paper in publicity, and advocated the transmission of electronic documents. Through online
      platforms in 2022, the Company settled 4.18 million paperless transactions and saved approximately 16.64 million
      pieces of paper.
      In terms of waste management, the Company has set up various treatment methods for different types of wastes to
      ensure that wastes are treated in a timely and scientific manner. During the reporting period, the Company launched
      the initiative of practising conservation and eliminating waste in 5 employee canteens of the Head Office Tower,
      which helped reduce kitchen waste by 14% compared with the previous year.
90   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     4.3 Social Responsibility Information
     4.3.1 Serving the real economy
           The Company adheres to the origin of financial institutions serving the real economy, places emphasis on the real
           economy during economic development, and improves the quality of financial offerings by leveraging its advantages
           in extensive wealth management and Fintech to effectively meet the needs of high-quality economic and social
           development.
           During the reporting period, the Company proactively served the major national and regional development strategies
           and vigorously promoted coordinated regional development. For key regions such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
           Macao Greater Bay Area, the integration of the Yangtze River Delta and the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle,
           the Company made efforts to promote the coordinated operation of branches in these regions to facilitate the
           development of customers in these regions.
           The Company fully supports national science and technology innovation strategies, takes the support to high-level
           scientific and technological self-reliance as the key service area, focuses on strategic emerging industries such as new
           generation of information technology, high-end equipment manufacturing, new materials, biomedicine, new energy
           vehicles, new energy, energy conservation and environmental protection and digital creativity, and continues to
           promote technological innovation and industrial development. At the same time, the Company has piloted sci-tech
           finance sub-branches in branches, and a special working mechanism focusing on the six aspects of “team, product,
           policy, institution, assessment and process” has been formed so as to provide science and technology enterprises
           with “Technology + Human + Capital + Industry” four-dimensional services and promote the virtuous cycle and
           triangular interaction of science and technology, industry and finance. As at the end of the reporting period, the
           balance of loans to strategic emerging industries of the Company was RMB302.323 billion, representing an increase
           of RMB83.169 billion or 37.95% as compared with the end of the previous year; accounts opened by science
           and technology enterprise customers reached 98,800, representing an increase of 11,300 accounts compared
           with the end of the previous year; the balance of loans extended to technology enterprises was RMB295.608
           billion, representing an increase of RMB91.547 billion or 44.86% compared with the end of the previous year; the
           balance of loans to “Little Giant” enterprises with high growth potential, advanced technology and strong market
           competitive edge as well as single-product specialists was RMB23.051 billion and to small- and medium-sized
           enterprises with these features was RMB68.847 billion.
           The Company insists on providing financial services to private small- and micro-sized enterprises in a fair manner,
           and establishes the inclusive finance department to be responsible for leading, organising and operating the business
           related to inclusive finance, so as to ensure the sustainable development of inclusive finance business in terms of
           organisational structure. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had granted RMB476.243 billion of
           loans to 1,152,900 inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises in the current year, and the balance of SME inclusive
           finance loans amounted to RMB678.349 billion, representing an increase of 12.85% compared with the end of the
           previous year. During the reporting period, the total amount of loan principal and interest repayment deferred by
           the Company for medium-, small- and micro-sized enterprises, private industrial and commercial businesses and
           credit card customers under business difficulties was RMB42.235 billion.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                              91
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      During the reporting period, the Company improved and promulgated the “Administrative Measures for Small-
      sum Loans for Poverty Alleviation” to provide small-sum loan support to people out of poverty, help revitalise
      underdeveloped areas, and promote the realisation of richer, happier and more beautiful rural areas. As of the end
      of the reporting period, agriculture-related loans of the Company amounted to RMB233.281 billion; during the
      reporting period, the Company underwrote 10 Rural Revitalisation Bonds with a total issuance size of RMB4.543
      billion.
      CMB Wealth Management, the subsidiary of the Company, continuously directed the wealth management
      capital flows towards the real economy, especially to support the financing of quality enterprises in scientific and
      technological innovation, infrastructure and energy in line with economic transformation and upgrading. As of the
      end of the reporting period, the business balance of CMB Wealth Management investment assets supporting the real
      economy accounted for 78.76% of the total investment assets, injecting impetus into real enterprises at different
      stages of operation and development. To be specific, the balance of investment in manufacturing enterprises and
      enterprises with hard technology attributes reached RMB98.488 billion and RMB76.842 billion respectively.
      In this year, CMBFL, the subsidiary of the Company, promoting finance through industry, signed a letter of intent
      for purchasing 50 C919 large passenger planes and 10 ARJ21 new regional air crafts with the Commercial Aircraft
      Corporation of China, so as to promote the development of China’s aviation industry with actual actions.

4.3.2 Support the improvement of people’s livelihood
      The Company is committed to helping solve the shortcomings in education, housing, old-age care, medical care and
      other areas of people’s livelihood, and investing financial resources in key areas that people pay great importance
      to.
      In the field of education, the Company actively implements the national employment priority strategy, and will
      continuously provide settlement services for students with locally granted student loan from China Development
      Bank for 5 years from 2022, including online account opening, loan issuance, renewal application identity
      verification, loan repayment, etc., so as to build a full-process, full-cycle, all-channel service system and brand for
      the student loan project of China Development Bank.
      In the field of housing, the Company made innovations in housing mortgage loan products for indemnificatory
      housing (including co-ownership property housing and affordable housing, etc.) to optimise residential mortgage
      loan policy to meet the residential mortgage loan needs of new citizens and low- and middle-income families.
      Meanwhile, the Company provides scientific and technological services to 81 housing provident fund centres across
      the country, and National Housing Provident Fund Mini Program of CMB APP is online with functions such as off-
      site transfer and continuation, information inquiry and authorisation, and other functions, whose service capabilities
      cover 341 urban housing provident fund centres and 115 housing provident fund branches across the country.
      In the field of old-age care, the Company, as one of the fully licenced financial institutions in the pension market,
      is committed to contributing to the construction of the national multi-level and multi-pillar endowment insurance
      system. The first pillar is to continuously deepen cooperation with the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
      Security, with a total of 47,527,700 electronic social security cards issued by the end of the reporting period. The
      second pillar is to set up the Pension Finance Department and build the pension investment supervision and annuity
      smart housekeeper system. During the reporting period, the Company provides occupational annuity trust operation
      services for 28 national planning areas, and enterprise annuity trust and account management services for 7,979
      enterprises. As of the end of the reporting period, our entrusted enterprise and occupational annuities amounted
      to RMB166.486 billion, and the number of enterprise annuity accounts under management reached 2,157,000. In
      terms of the third pillar, the individual pension service was launched on 25 November 2022, supporting the opening
      of individual pension accounts through various channels such as CMB APP, CMB Life APP, counter and visual
      equipment, and a total of 1,659,200 individual pension fund accounts had been opened by the end of the reporting
      period.
      In the field of medical security, the Company has explored a new mode of cooperation with the National Medical
      Security Bureau, and carried out the activation and application promotion of electronic medical insurance vouchers.
      By the end of the reporting period, 20.5557 million electronic medical insurance vouchers had been activated,
      providing convenience services such as medical insurance inquiry, payment and settlement for the insured, and
      further optimising the public experience of medical care and drug purchase services.
92   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


     4.3.3 Accessibility to financial services
           In terms of offline channels, the Company continues to promote the construction of domestic branches, and based
           on the policy of steadily increasing the number and scientific site selection, 45 new branch institutions were opened
           during the reporting period, including 40 same-city sub-branches, 2 community sub-branches and 3 small-sized sub-
           branches.
           In terms of online channels, the Company has iterated and upgraded the “people + digitalisation” service model,
           improved the customer service system and met the financial needs of people in areas where offline outlets are
           unable to cover by further promoting the service capacity construction of online tools such as CMB APP and CMB
           Life APP.
           In response to the financial and non-financial service needs of new citizens, the elderly, the disabled, people in rural
           areas and other groups, the business outlets of the Company in the Chinese mainland supported barrier-free services
           and deployed convenient service facilities, providing services for special groups by setting up ramps for the disabled,
           barrier-free access telephone signs, one-click call buttons, wheelchairs for the disabled and other measures. At the
           same time, the Company has done a good job in financial services in rural areas and county areas, and scientifically
           and efficiently distributed outlets within the county. By adding the “Elder Exclusive Line” service, CMB APP “Elder
           Version” provides one-stop exclusive manual services for elderly customers with quick access together with 95555
           “Elder Exclusive Line”. During the reporting period, the “Elder Exclusive Line” has served 49,000 elderly customers
           with a customer satisfaction rate of 97.84%. The “Care Version” of CMB Life APP is equipped with a switchable
           mode suitable for the elderly, which carries out age-appropriate and concise transformation of commonly used and
           key modules, fully adapts to the barrier-free service of the reading screen, and supports intelligent voice navigation
           interaction. The Company has set up a “New Citizen Financial Services Zone” in CMB APP to provide customers with
           more than 20 one-stop financial services to meet the financial needs of new citizens.

     4.3.4 Information security and privacy protection
           The Company established IT Management Committee and Network Security team, and built Digital Transformation
           Committee under senior management with integrated resources for the purpose of promoting the Company
           information technology, network and data security management. The Company set up a Network Security Defence
           System according to the principle of “defence beforehand, accurate identification during the event, and rapid
           disposal and traceability afterwards”. To continuously promote the management of network, information and
           data security, the Company adhered to the notion of data security governance of “guarding legal bottom line,
           consolidating basic capabilities, and regulating key risk areas”.
           With regard to its retail customers, the Company strictly complied with the requirements for personal information
           security in the “Personal Information Protection Law” (    《個人信息保護法》          ), adhered to the principle of minimum
           necessity in the acquisition and use of personal information, and issued the “Management Measures for Retail
           Finance Personal Information of China Merchants Bank (Fifth Edition)” (    《招商銀行零售金融個人信息管理辦法（第五
           版）》   ) to further improve the safety protection system for the whole life cycle, from collecting, transmitting, using,
           sharing to saving retail financial personal information, as well as the treatment mechanism for personal information
           protection such as emergency plan, risk management, supervision and inspection, and personal information
           complaint channel. The Company practically implemented user tiered and classified authorisation management,
           strictly controlling the scope of authorisation for personal information inquiry, strengthening the safety impact
           assessment and management on the use of personal information, standardising the approval management of
           personal information use. At the same time, the Company carried out internal control and inspection, emergency
           drill and other activities of personal information, and strengthening the publicity and education of personal
           information protection, in order to strictly prevent data leakage risks.
           For corporate customers, the Company strengthens “tiered and classified” management system for customer
           information. At the information collection end, in accordance with the relevant requirements of national laws,
           customer information was collected based on the premise that customers are fully informed and the principle of
           minimisation. As for data using and saving, the Company follows the principle of “minimising the authorisation to
           least information needed” to strictly control system users and the content of corporate customer information that
           users can access.
           During the reporting period, the Company did not have any major incident of Internet security, information security
           or privacy leakage.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                               93
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


4.3.5 Consumer rights protection
      The Company attaches great importance to the protection of consumer rights, has always adhered to the original
      aspiration of “finance for the people”, to the philosophy of “We are here just for you”, and to the principle of
      customer-centred. The Company is committed to providing customers with efficient, convenient, considerate, and
      warm services, and conscientiously implements the requirements of the People’s Bank of China and the China
      Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for the protection of consumer rights.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer
      Rights Protection Committee continued to improve the quality and effectiveness of their performance, promoting
      a deeper understanding of the significance of protecting consumer rights and resolutely implemented the main
      responsibilities in consumer rights protection. The Company proposed “Customer Service Value Proposition of China
      Merchants Bank” and revised its strategic plan, incorporating consumer rights protection into corporate governance,
      corporate culture and business development strategies.
      During the reporting period, the Company further improved the system and mechanism for the protection of
      consumer rights and interests. On the basis of upgrading the consumer rights protection department, an integrated
      cross-department team was formed to ensure information sharing and coordination among departments,
      transmission of relevant policies and requirements as well as effective operation of the implementation mechanism.
      The Company established six long-term working mechanisms to further promote a high-quality growth of consumer
      rights protection, updated “Management Measures for Customer Rights Protection of China Merchants Bank” (       《招
      商銀行消費者權益保護審查管理辦法》                     ) and “Management Measures for Customer Complaint of China Merchants
      Bank (Sixth Edition)” (
                           《招商銀行客戶投訴管理辦法（第六版）》                     ) as well as other systems to ensure that the protection
      in consumer rights was put into practice in compliance with the law.
      During the reporting period, the Company conducted 76,464 consumer rights protection reviews, involving 100%
      of the products and services, with 98% of the consumer rights protection review comment being adopted. The
      Company further increased the weight of consumer rights protection performance in annual performance appraisal
      to perfect the assessment and evaluation of consumer rights protection. Moreover, we honestly organised internal
      training on consumer rights protection for a total of 89,600 participants, including senior management, grassroots
      personnel and new employees.
      During the reporting period, the Company carried out centralised and regular financial literacy promotion and
      education activities, popularising financial knowledge to customers. A total of 14,940 online and offline education
      activities were organised throughout the year with more than 500 million consumers attended. “Zhao Xiao Bao (招
      小寶)”, an online financial education model, was included in the list of “Typical Cases for China Inclusive Finance
      (2022) (2022 年中國普惠金融典型案例名單)”.
      During the reporting period, the Company increased financial investment to update the complaint management
      system, improved the support of Fintech for handling difficult complaints, data monitoring and analysis as well
      as business value mining. The Company innovatively carried out source-tracing improvement of complaint issues,
      implemented special improvements to key complaint issues, improved the diversified mechanism for resolving
      disputes, and continuously enhanced the efficiency of handling consumer complaints.
      During the reporting period, the Company received a total of 248,32334 complaints transferred from regulatory
      authorities, 95555 customer complaints channel, Credit Card Centre as well as other channels within the whole
      bank. According to the business classification of consumer complaints, 47.34% of the complaints were related to
      debit card business, 38.28% were related to credit card business, 6.24% were related to loan business, 5.60%
      were related to proprietary and banking agency wealth management business, and 2.54% were related to other
      businesses.




34
      Excluding data on complaints about the categories of account management, debt negotiation, credit and billing standards.
94   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)


           The distribution by region is shown in the table below.
                                 Number of                               Number of                     Number of                 Number of
           Region                complaints             Region           complaints        Region      complaints     Region     complaints
           Shanghai(1)                98,440         Nanchang                 2,937       Kunming           1,699      Hohhot          861
           Shenzhen(2)                49,757          Chengdu                 2,856         Fuzhou          1,648        Wuxi          772
           Beijing                    15,621          Qingdao                 2,845         Xiamen          1,445     Nanning          720
           Wuhan                       6,539        Chongqing                 2,839          Foshan         1,444    Nantong           484
           Guangzhou                   6,363        Zhengzhou                 2,638           Yantai        1,199     Guiyang          476
           Nanjing                     5,373             Hefei                2,487         Urumqi          1,166    Yinchuan          454
           Xi’an                       5,117            Harbin                2,271         Ningbo          1,147   Quanzhou           451
           Hangzhou                    4,121           Suzhou                 2,187         Taiyuan         1,136   Wenzhou            429
           Jinan                       3,791         Changsha                 2,137        Lanzhou            978      Haikou          342
           Shenyang                    3,706            Dalian                2,000   Shijiazhuang            870   Tangshan           289
           Tianjin                     3,406         Dongguan                 1,824    Changchun              869       Xining         189

           Notes:
           (1)      Including complaints from credit card users.
           (2)      Including complaints from Head Office departments.



     4.3.6 Human resources development
           In terms of recruitment management, the Company is committed to eliminating discrimination in terms of gender,
           age, ethnicity, family status, religion, sexual orientation and social origin in recruitment and employment, and
           stipulates that discriminatory descriptions such as image, gender, and birthplace are strictly prohibited in external
           recruitment announcements.
           In terms of remuneration management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration
           and benefits, and sticks to the notion that gender is not a factor affecting remuneration and benefits. At the same
           time, the annual remuneration analysis report focused on the remuneration and benefits of different genders, and
           no abnormalities were found. The Company adjusts the salary standard of different posts according to the market
           situation and provides employees with competitive remuneration.
           In terms of career development paths, the Company has established and improved a dual-channel development
           system for employees with management capabilities or professionalism, which has changed the single and narrow
           cadre promotion channel that used to be like “thousands of people trying to cross a thin little log over a river”. At
           the same time, a reserve talent pool for professional staff has been established to serve as an important channel of
           talent reserve and talent training.
           In terms of performance assessment and evaluation, the Company has established a “performance + ability” two-
           dimensional performance assessment system covering all cadres and employees, and carries out performance
           assessment on an annual basis. During the reporting period, the Company optimised the performance assessment
           system for members of the leadership team of the Head Office and branches, held training courses for performance
           management and empowerment certification, and incorporated the whole process of performance management into
           compulsory training courses for leadership.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                             95
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      In terms of employee training, during the reporting period, the Company constantly established and improved
      a standardised and multi-level talent training system. In terms of new employee training, the Head Office and
      branch linkage mode of “online coverage and offline concentration” was used to realise the full coverage of the
      training of new employees across the Bank. In terms of staff professional ability training, the Company further
      enriched online learning resources, improved knowledge system, enhanced course customisation and specialisation,
      created professional digital learning platform and stimulated staff learning motivation. In terms of management
      of cadre training, the Company has established a leadership cultivation system for senior management featuring
      standardisation, institutionalisation, differentiation and full coverage, and implemented a compound training model
      of “online courses + live streaming + centralised face-to-face training” for middle and grassroot management to
      improve the management capabilities of cadres.
      In terms of employee health, safety and welfare, the Company advocates the work philosophy of “Happy Work,
      Healthy Life” and provides comprehensive non-salary benefits for employees. The Company actively responds
      to the implementation of the national maternity policy, offers paid maternity leave, and implements maternity
      leave according to the requirements of the place of operation. In accordance with the requirements of laws
      and regulations and in consideration of the actual situation, an enterprise annuity system has been established
      and operated up to now since 2001. The Company relaunched the “Sunny Day Plan(晴天計劃)”, a care plan for
      employees’ families, to provide assistance and extend regards to employees in need whose families have been
      suffering from diseases. The Company helped 197 employees in total throughout the year, with supporting funds of
      RMB1,153,100.

4.3.7 Rural revitalisation
      The Company resolutely implemented the relevant requirements of the Central Committee of the Communist Party
      of China and the State Council on paired-up poverty alleviation and rural revitalisation. Taking “consolidating the
      achievements in poverty alleviation, effectively linking up rural revitalisation and coordinating with branches to
      implement targeted poverty alleviation” as the guiding principles of rural revitalisation assistance, the Company
      formulated the “CMB 2022 Rural Revitalisation Work Plan” (    《招商銀行2022年鄉村振興幫扶工作計劃》                      ) by focusing
      on five major directions of “pavement for education, healthcare security, industrial support, human settlements
      construction, and talent training”, which defined the objectives, targets of the assistance and the measures of rural
      revitalisation, innovating the supporting model and carrying out the assistance solidly and effectively.
      The Company has been continuously improving the three main long-term assistance mechanisms of education
      assistance, medical assistance and industrial development. During the reporting period, 48 poverty alleviation
      projects were set up and RMB50,901,900 was invested in direct supporting funds for Wuding and Yongren
      counties in Yunnan. The supporting funds were mainly invested in livelihood projects such as education, medical
      treatment, and human settlements improvement. The Company helped the two counties to improve conditions of
      running schools, develop the basic capacity of healthcare security, and at the same time focused on creating a new
      supporting model of “products+ platforms+ cooperatives+ farmers”, thus to effectively increase both production
      and income for farmers.
      In order to build the “villages feature four points of beauty” and promote rural revitalisation, the Company
      helped the targeted counties to improve their living environment by investing in the construction of solar-powered
      streetlights, public toilets, sewage treatment facilities, garbage treatment facilities, and road hardening, etc..
      Demonstration bases of CMB rural revitalisation work plan have been built in Yongren County, and the rural areas
      have been changed in an all-round way by every little effort made by the Company for improving people’s livelihood.
      The Company helped realise the comprehensive demonstration effect of the concept of “beautiful countryside,
      beautiful environment, beautiful life, and beautiful society”, and provided a reference and replicable model for rural
      revitalisation.
96   China Merchants Bank         Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     4.4 Governance Information
           The Company adheres to the modern enterprise system and prudent management, constantly strengthens risk
           prevention and control, actively supports the real economy, serves the national strategy, fulfills social responsibilities
           and is committed to achieving high-quality growth of the Company with high-quality corporate governance, thus
           helping the high-quality growth of China’s economy and society. The core of the Company’s corporate governance
           mechanism is to adhere to the Party’s leadership, strengthen the Party’s construction, constantly play the core role
           of the Party in corporate governance and organically integrate the Party’s leadership into all aspects of corporate
           governance. The equity structure of the Company is reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviour is standardised.
           The Shareholders’ General Meeting is the organ of authority of the Company. It exercises its functions and powers
           according to law. The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management perform their duties.
           The Board of Directors mainly grasps the overall situation, controls the direction and ensures the implementation,
           focuses on strategic guidance, risk control and incentive constraints, focuses on the bank’s strategic vision, clarifies
           market positioning, highlights differentiation and business characteristics, maintains forward-looking through
           strategic guidance, maintains continuity through strategic focus, ensures the implementation of strategy through
           process supervision, adheres to prudent risk management concept, continuously strengthens the construction of
           comprehensive risk management system and continuously improves the performance appraisal and incentive and
           restraint mechanism. The Board of Supervisors actively performs its supervision function, constantly maintains
           efficient operation, strengthens the scientific, normative and effective supervision of the Board of Directors and
           senior management in decision-making and implementation in key areas such as development strategy, financial
           activities, internal control, risk management and effectively safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of the
           Company, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The key to the Company’s corporate governance
           mechanism is to adhere to the president responsibility system under the leadership of the Board of Directors. The
           Company has established a complete system of discussion and management authorisation, and the President is
           responsible to the Board of Directors. The Company adheres to the market-oriented talent selection and employment
           mechanism and salary incentive mechanism, fully stimulates the vitality of talents, guides cadres and employees to
           establish the concept of sharing benefits and risks with the Company and provides a strong mechanism guarantee
           for long-term stable development.
           During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company effectively fulfilled its relevant responsibilities in
           environmental, social and governance (including green finance, inclusive finance, human capital, data governance,
           consumer protection, public welfare, social responsibility and other ESG matters). The Board of Directors and its
           relevant special committees reviewed the “China Merchants Bank Green Development Plan (2022 Edition)”, the
           “Inclusive Finance Development for 2021 and Work Plan Report for 2022”, the “Human Resources Management
           and Talent Strategy Implementation for 2021”, the “Data Governance Work Summary for 2021 and Work Plan for
           2022”, the “Employee Behavior Evaluation Report for 2021”, the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for
           2021”, the “Bank-wide Customer Complaint Analysis Report for 2021”, the “Sustainable Development Report for
           2021”, the full text and summary of 2021 Annual Report, and the full text and summary of 2022 Interim Report,
           further promoted the Company’s active development of green financial services to meet the national targets of
           emission peak and carbon neutrality, strictly implemented the national decisions and deployments on inclusive
           finance, effectively improved the awareness and strength of consumer rights and interests protection, deeply
           implemented the responsibility concept of “originating from society and repaying society”, built the most socially
           responsible bank and was committed to working with all stakeholders to promote a better society. In addition,
           according to the national policy guidance and regulatory policy requirements, the Company, as considered and
           approved at the 35th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, added green
           finance related responsibilities to the Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors and changed the name of
           the “Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors” to the “Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
           under the Board of Directors” (such change will be duly effective upon the completion of amendments to the
           Articles of Association) to perform the ESG related responsibilities in an integrated manner.
           During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company studied and reviewed the “China Merchants
           Bank Green Development Plan (2022 Edition)”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2021 and Work Plan Report
           for 2022”, the “Data Governance Work Summary for 2021 and Work Plan for 2022”, the “Employee Behavior
           Evaluation Report for 2021”, the “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2021”, the “Sustainable
           Development Report for 2021”, the full text and summary of 2021 Annual Report, and the full text and summary of
           2022 Interim Report, focusing on the Board of Directors and senior management’s duty performance on the issues
           related to inclusive finance, green finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, and put forward
           opinions and suggestions. The Board of Supervisors made a special trip to Yongren and Wuding designated counties
           in Yunnan Province to carry out collective research and in-depth understanding of the implementation of the
           designated assistance work and promote the Company to contribute more financial strength to the cause of rural
           revitalisation than ever before.
           For more details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter V.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators   97
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Repaying your trust with
extreme professionalism
98   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
     Annual Report 2022 (H share)



     Corporate Governance

     5.1 Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                 Shareholders’ General Meeting


                Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                               Nomination Committee

              Nomination Committee                        Board of Directors          Board of Supervisors

                                                                                                                                Supervisory Committee

      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                                       Office of the Board of         Office of Board of
                                                                              Directors                  Supervisors

     Risk and Capital Management Committee

                                                                                                                       Assets and Liabilities Management
                                                                                                                                  Committee
                  Audit Committee
                                                                                                                       Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                                                  Committee
       Related Party Transactions Management and
                                                                Executive Office of
         Consumer Rights Protection Committee
                                                                    President
                                                                                                                       Anti-money Laundering, Sanction
                                                                                                                    and Compliance Management Committee

                 Shanghai Audit Division                                         Beijing Audit Division
                                                                                                                             IT Management Committee
                                                   Audit Department

                 Shenzhen Audit Division                                          Xi’an Audit Division                     Business Continuity Management
                                                                                                                                     Committee


                  Nanjing Audit Division                                        Wuhan Audit Division                             Fintech Committee



                 Shenyang Audit Division                                       Chengdu Audit Division



                                                                                Fuzhou Audit Division



     5.2 Overview of Corporate Governance
             During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ general meeting, reviewed 13 proposals and
             heard 6 reports, as further described in “Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings”.
             During the reporting period, the Company convened 18 meetings of the Board of Directors, reviewed 86 proposals
             and heard 17 reports; convened 35 meetings of special committees under the Board of Directors, reviewed 104
             proposals and heard 33 reports; convened 1 meeting of Non-Executive Directors, at which 1 report was heard.
             During the reporting period, the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company convened the 35th
             meeting (7 January), the 36th meeting (16 March), the 37th meeting (18 March), the 38th meeting (18 April),
             the 39th meeting (22 April), the 40th meeting (19 May), the 41st meeting (20 May) and the 42nd meeting (22
             June), and the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened the 1st meeting (29 June), the 2nd meeting (12
             July), the 3rd meeting (22 July), the 4th meeting (18 August), the 5th meeting (19 August), the 6th meeting (20
             September), the 7th meeting (28 October), the 8th meeting (29 November), the 9th meeting (28 December) and
             the 10th meeting (30 December), with priority giving to reviewing the Company’s annual financial report, profit
             distribution plan, strategic implementation evaluation report, green development plan, comprehensive risk report,
             risk preference implementation report, capital adequacy report, human resources management and talent strategy
             implementation report, work report of the Board of Directors, performance of duties evaluation report of the Board
             of Directors and its members, work report of the President, the report on development of inclusive finance and its
             work plan, data governance work summary and work plan, related party transaction management report, consumer
             rights protection report, sustainable development report and other relevant proposals.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                              99
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      During the reporting period, the Company convened 14 meetings of the Board of Supervisors, at which 37 proposals
      were reviewed and 20 reports were heard; and 5 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors,
      at which 7 proposals were reviewed. In addition, 4 collective researches were organised by the Board of Supervisors.
      For details of the proposals reviewed by the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, please
      refer to the disclosure documents including the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the
      websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
      After conducting thorough self-inspection pursuant to relevant requirements of the Announcement Regarding
      Implementation of Special Actions on Listed Companies Governance ([2020] No.69) issued by CSRC and the Notice
      Regarding Promoting the Principal Responsibility of Listed Companies in the Jurisdiction for Enhancing Governance
      to Achieve High Quality Development ([2020] No.128) issued by CSRC Shenzhen Office, the Company was not
      aware of any material non-compliance of its corporate governance practice with the requirements set out in the
      laws, administrative regulations and CSRC’s regulatory documents governing the corporate governance of listed
      companies.



5.3 Information about Shareholders’ General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ general meeting, namely the 2021 Annual
      General Meeting held in Shenzhen on 29 June 2022. The notice, convening, holding and voting procedures of the
      meeting were in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
      Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The meeting reviewed
      and approved 12 proposals and their sub-proposals, including the 2021 Work Report of the Board of Directors, the
      2021 Work Report of the Board of Supervisors, the 2021 Annual Report (including the audited financial report), the
      2021 Financial Statement Report, the 2021 Profit Distribution Plan (including the declaration of the final dividends),
      the appointment of accounting firm for the year 2022, the election of the members of the Twelfth Session of the
      Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank, the election of the Shareholder Supervisors and External Supervisors
      of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants Bank and the revision of the Articles of
      Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. The meeting rejected the proposal regarding the election of
      Mr. Shen Zheting as a Non-Executive Director of China Merchants Bank. For the relevant details of the proposal
      reviewed at the meeting, please refer to the 2021 Annual General Meeting documents, general meeting circulars,
      supplementary general meeting circulars, the announcement of adding temporary proposals and the announcement
      of shareholders’ meeting resolutions and other disclosure documents published by the Company on the websites of
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.



5.4 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                         Whether or
                                                                                                                                 Total            not
                                                                                                                        remuneration         received
                                                                                                                            before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                        received from       from the
                                                                                                                         the Company      Company’s
                                                                                       Shareholding                        during the         related
                                                                                              at the   Shareholding          reporting         parties
                                                                                       beginning of       at the end      period (RMB     during the
                               Date of                                Term of            the period    of the period            in ten     reporting
      Name            Gender   Birth (Y/M)   Title                    office                 (share)          (share)       thousand)          period
      Miao Jianmin    Male     1965.1        Chairman                 2020.9-2025.6               –                –                –             Yes
                                             Non-Executive Director   2020.9-2025.6
      Hu Jianhua      Male     1962.11       Non-Executive Director   2022.10-2025.6              –               –                 –             Yes
      Sun Yunfei      Male     1965.8        Non-Executive Director   2022.10-2025.6              –               –                 –             Yes
      Wang Liang      Male     1965.12       Executive Director       2019.8-2025.6         250,000         300,000            362.46             No
                                             President and Chief      2022.6-2025.6
                                               Executive Officer
                                             Secretary of the Board   2021.8-2025.6
                                               of Directors
                                             Former Chief Financial   2019.4-2023.2
                                               Officer
      Zhou Song       Male     1972.4        Non-Executive Director   2018.10-2025.6              –                –                –             Yes
      Hong Xiaoyuan   Male     1963.3        Non-Executive Director   2007.6-2025.6               –                –                –             Yes
100   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                                                                  Whether or
                                                                                                                                          Total            not
                                                                                                                                 remuneration         received
                                                                                                                                     before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                                 received from       from the
                                                                                                                                  the Company      Company’s
                                                                                                Shareholding                        during the         related
                                                                                                       at the   Shareholding          reporting         parties
                                                                                                beginning of       at the end      period (RMB     during the
                                      Date of                                 Term of             the period    of the period            in ten     reporting
            Name             Gender   Birth (Y/M)   Title                     office                  (share)          (share)       thousand)          period
            Zhang Jian       Male     1964.10       Non-Executive Director    2016.11-2025.6               –                –                –             Yes
            Su Min           Female   1968.2        Non-Executive Director    2014.9-2025.6                –                –                –             Yes
            Chen Dong        Male     1974.12       Non-Executive Director    2022.10-2025.6               –                –                –             Yes
            Wong See Hong    Male     1953.6        Independent Non-          2017.2-Note(1)               –                –            50.00             No
                                                      Executive Director
            Li Menggang      Male     1967.4        Independent Non-          2018.11-Note(1)              –                –            50.00              No
                                                      Executive Director
            Liu Qiao         Male     1970.5        Independent Non-          2018.11-Note(1)              –                –            50.00              No
                                                      Executive Director
            Tian Hongqi      Male     1957.5        Independent Non-          2019.8-2025.6                –                –            50.00              No
                                                      Executive Director
            Li Chaoxian      Male     1958.9        Independent Non-          2021.8-2025.6                –                –            50.00              No
                                                      Executive Director
            Shi Yongdong     Male     1968.11       Independent Non-          2021.8-2025.6                –                –            50.00              No
                                                      Executive Director
            Xiong Liangjun   Male     1963.2        Chairman of Board         2021.8-2025.6          240,000         240,000            331.70              No
                                                      of Supervisors,
                                                      Employee Supervisor
            Luo Sheng        Male     1970.9        Shareholder Supervisor    2022.6-2025.6                –               –                 –             Yes
            Peng Bihong      Male     1963.10       Shareholder Supervisor    2019.6-2025.6                –               –                 –             Yes
            Wu Heng          Male     1976.8        Shareholder Supervisor    2016.6-2025.6                –               –                 –             Yes
            Xu Zhengjun      Male     1955.9        External Supervisor       2019.6-2025.6                –               –             40.00             No
            Cai Hongping     Male     1954.12       External Supervisor       2022.6-2025.6                –               –             20.22             No
            Zhang Xiang      Male     1963.12       External Supervisor       2022.6-2025.6                –               –             20.22             No
            Cai Jin          Female   1970.7        Employee Supervisor       2021.12-2025.6         114,050         133,150            154.75             No
            Cao Jian         Male     1970.10       Employee Supervisor       2023.3-2025.6          115,000         127,000                 –             No
            Wang Yungui      Male     1963.6        Executive Vice            2019.6-2025.6          210,000         210,000            294.28             No
                                                      President
            Li Delin         Male     1974.12       Executive Vice            2021.3-2025.6          204,400         204,400            293.60              No
                                                      President
            Zhu Jiangtao     Male     1972.12       Executive Vice            2021.9-2025.6          198,800         198,800            293.90              No
                                                      President
                                                    Chief Risk Officer        2020.7-2025.6
            Xiong Kai        Male     1971.4        Secretary of the          2021.7-present         225,600         225,600            293.90              No
                                                      Party Discipline
                                                      Committee
            Zhong Desheng    Male     1967.7        Executive Assistant       2021.10-present        177,300         177,300            256.10              No
                                                      President
            Wang Xiaoqing    Male     1971.10       Executive Assistant       2021.10-present              –                –                –              No
                                                      President
            Wang Ying        Female   1972.11       Executive Assistant       2023.2-present         155,000         200,000                 –              No
                                                      President
            Peng Jiawen      Male     1969.5        Executive Assistant       2023.2-present         165,000         167,700                 –              No
                                                      President
                                                    Chief Financial Officer   2023.2-2025.6
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                        101
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                                                                   Whether or
                                                                                                                                           Total            not
                                                                                                                                  remuneration         received
                                                                                                                                      before tax remuneration
                                                                                                                                  received from       from the
                                                                                                                                   the Company      Company’s
                                                                                                 Shareholding                        during the         related
                                                                                                        at the   Shareholding          reporting         parties
                                                                                                 beginning of       at the end      period (RMB     during the
                                       Date of                              Term of                the period    of the period            in ten     reporting
      Name                Gender       Birth (Y/M)   Title                  office                     (share)          (share)       thousand)          period
      Jiang Chaoyang      Male         1967.12       Chief Information     2019.11-present            175,000          198,100           277.53              No
                                                       Officer
      Fu Gangfeng         Male         1966.12       Former Vice Chairman 2018.7-2022.11                     –               –                –             Yes
                                                     Former Non-Executive 2010.8-2022.11
                                                       Director
      Tian Huiyu          Male         1965.12       Former Executive      2013.8-2022.6              335,500          335,500                –              No
                                                       Director
                                                     Former President      2013.9-2022.4
                                                       and Former Chief
                                                       Executive Officer
      Wang Daxiong        Male         1960.12       Former Non-Executive 2016.11-2022.6                     –               –                –             Yes
                                                       Director
      Luo Sheng           Male         1970.9        Former Non-Executive 2019.7-2022.6                      –               –                –             Yes
                                                       Director
      Guo Xikun           Male         1965.9        Former Shareholder    2021.6-2022.6                     –               –                –             Yes
                                                       Supervisor
      Ding Huiping        Male         1956.6        Former External       2016.6-2022.6                     –               –            16.67              No
                                                       Supervisor
      Han Zirong          Male         1963.7        Former External       2016.6-2022.6                     –               –            16.67              No
                                                       Supervisor
      Wang Wanqing        Male         1964.9        Former Employee       2018.7-2023.3              181,000          183,000           264.98              No
                                                       Supervisor
      Wang Jianzhong      Male         1962.10       Former Executive Vice 2019.4-2023.2              240,200          240,200           294.28              No
                                                       President
      Shi Shunhua         Male         1962.12       Former Executive Vice 2019.4-2023.2              245,000          245,000           293.60              No
                                                       President

      Notes:

      (1)   According to the Rules for the Independent Directors of Listed Companies , the term of office of Independent Directors shall not exceed
            six years. Therefore, the actual term of office of the Independent Directors, Mr. Wong See Hong, Mr. Li Menggang and Mr. Liu Qiao, will
            expire earlier than the expiration time of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company.

      (2)   The remuneration received by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who were appointed or resigned during the reporting
            period was calculated based on the length of their terms of office during the reporting period. During the reporting period, Mr. Wang
            Xiaoqing received his remuneration from China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of the Company.

      (3)   The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the
            Company is still being verified. The remaining part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and payment.

      (4)   As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Zhou Song held 23,282 A Shares in the Company and Ms. Cai Jin held 133,150
            shares in the Company, which consisted of 128,600 A Shares and 4,550 H Shares. The Shares held by others listed in the above table
            were all A Shares. The changes in the shareholding of the people listed in the above table during the reporting period were all resulting
            from shareholding increase.

      (5)   None of the people listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s) over the past three years.

      (6)   None of the people listed in the above table holds any share options of the Company or has been granted any of its restricted shares.
102   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.4.1 Appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company,
            Mr. Hu Jianhua, Mr. Sun Yunfei and Mr. Chen Dong were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the Company,
            whose qualifications as the Directors were approved by the CBIRC in October 2022. Mr. Li Delin was elected as an
            Executive Director of the Company, and his qualification as a Director is subject to the approval of the CBIRC.
            In June 2022, according to the resolution of the 1st meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the
            Company, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Hu Jianhua as the Vice Chairman of the Twelfth Session of the Board
            of Directors of the Company, and his qualification as the Vice Chairman is subject to the approval of the CBIRC.
            In June 2022, Mr. Wang Daxiong and Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Company after the
            end of the 2021 Annual General Meeting due to the expiry of their terms of office, and Mr. Tian Huiyu ceased to be
            an Executive Director of the Company after the end of the 2021 Annual General Meeting.
            In November 2022, Mr. Fu Gangfeng ceased to be the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company
            due to change of work arrangement.
            In January 2023, according to the resolution of the 11th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
            of the Company, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Sun Yunfei as the Vice Chairman of the Twelfth Session of the
            Board of Directors of the Company, and his qualification as the Vice Chairman is subject to the approval of the
            CBIRC.
            Supervisors
            In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company,
            Mr. Luo Sheng was elected as the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company, and Mr. Cai Hongping and Mr. Zhang
            Xiang were elected as External Supervisors of the Company.
            In June 2022, Mr. Guo Xikun ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to the expiry of his term
            of office, and Mr. Ding Huiping and Mr. Han Zirong ceased to serve as External Supervisors of the Company due to
            the expiry of their terms of office.
            In March 2023, Mr. Cao Jian was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Company by the employee
            representative meeting of the Company. Mr. Wang Wanqing ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Company
            due to his age.
            Senior management
            Mr. Wang Liang was appointed as the President of the Company according to the resolutions passed at the 40th
            meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. His term of office took effect from 15
            June 2022, being the date of approval by the CBIRC.
            In April 2022, Mr. Tian Huiyu ceased to be the President of the Company in accordance with the resolutions passed
            at the 38th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company.
            In January 2023, Mr. Zhong Desheng and Mr. Wang Xiaoqing were appointed as the Executive Vice Presidents of
            the Company in accordance with the resolutions passed at the 11th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of
            Directors of the Company, and their qualifications as the Executive Vice Presidents are subject to the approval of the
            CBIRC.
            In February 2023, Mr. Wang Jianzhong and Mr. Shi Shunhua ceased to be the Executive Vice Presidents of the
            Company due to reaching the retirement age.
            In February 2023, the qualifications of Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Peng Jiawen as the Executive Assistant Presidents
            were approved by the CBIRC.
            In February 2023, Mr. Peng Jiawen was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the 12th
            meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. Due to the change in assignment in the
            Bank, Mr. Wang Liang ceased to be the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
            For details of the new appointments and resignations on Directors, Supervisors and senior management, please refer
            to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong
            Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  103
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


5.4.2 Changes in information of Directors and Supervisors
      1.     Mr. Miao Jianmin serves as an alternate member of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of
             China and Chairman of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd..
      2.     Mr. Wang Liang concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited,
             Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, Vice Chairman of Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company
             Limited, a Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and a representative of the 14th People’s
             Congress of Guangdong Province. He no longer serves as a member of the Data Governance High-Level
             Guidance and Coordination Committee of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the
             Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
      3.     Mr. Zhou Song concurrently serves as a Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd..
      4.     Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan serves as a Director, the General Manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co.,
             Ltd., but ceases to serve as the Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants
             Financial Group/Platform.
      5.     Mr. Zhang Jian serves as the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., but
             ceases to serve as the Vice Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial
             Group/Platform.
      6.     Ms. Su Min serves as the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., but
             ceases to serve as the Vice Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial
             Group/Platform.
      7.     Mr. Liu Qiao ceases to concurrently serve as an Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co.,
             Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange).
      8.     Mr. Li Chaoxian ceases to concurrently serve as an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering
             Management Co., Ltd. (北京華達建業工程管理股份有限公司) (a company listed on the National Equities
             Exchange and Quotations).
      9.     Mr. Shi Yongdong serves as the dean of the School of Financial Technologies of Dongbei University of
             Finance and Economics, but ceases to serve as the dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioural
             Sciences of Dongbei University of Finance and Economics.
      10.    Mr. Xiong Liangjun ceases to concurrently serve as a member of Shenzhen Finance Development Consultation
             Committee (深圳市金融發展諮詢委員會).
      11.    Mr. Luo Sheng serves as a Director of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd..
      12.    Mr. Peng Bihong ceases to concurrently serve as the Vice Chairman and a Council Member of the
             Communications Branch of China Institute of Internal Audit.
      13.    Mr. Xu Zhengjun concurrently serves as a Council Member of Shanghai Dongsheng Public Welfare
             Foundation.
104   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.4.3 Current positions held by Directors and Supervisors in the shareholders ’
            companies
            Name             Name of company               Major title                             Term of office
            Miao Jianmin     China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chairman                                From July 2020 up to now
            Hu Jianhua       China Merchants Group Ltd.    Director                                From August 2018 up to
                                                                                                     now
                                                           General Manager                         From December 2019 up to
                                                                                                     now
            Sun Yunfei       China COSCO Shipping          Deputy General Manager and Chief        From August 2018 up to
                               Corporation Limited           Accountant                              now
            Zhou Song        China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chief Accountant                        From October 2018 up to
                                                                                                     now
            Hong Xiaoyuan    China Merchants Group Ltd.    Assistant General Manager               From September 2011 up
                                                                                                     to now
                             China Merchants Financial     General Manager                         From September 2022 up
                               Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                    to now
            Zhang Jian       China Merchants Group Ltd.    Chief Digital Officer and Director of   From January 2019 up to
                                                             Digital Centre                          now
                             China Merchants Financial     Deputy General Manager                  From September 2022 up
                               Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                    to now
            Su Min           China Merchants Financial     Deputy General Manager                  From September 2022 up
                               Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                    to now
            Chen Dong        China COSCO Shipping          General Manager of Financial            From September 2016 up
                               Corporation Limited          Management Headquarters                  to now
            Luo Sheng        Dajia Insurance Group Co.,    Deputy General Manager                  From September 2020 up
                               Ltd.                                                                  to now
            Peng Bihong      China Communications          Chief Accountant                        From September 2019 up
                               Construction Group Ltd.                                               to now
            Wu Heng          SAIC Motor Corporation        General Manager of Finance Affairs      From August 2019 up to
                               Limited                      Department                               now



      5.4.4 Biography and positions of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
            Directors
            Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctorate
            degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and is a senior economist. He is an
            alternate member of the nineteenth and twentieth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao
            is Chairman of China Merchants Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as Chairman of China Merchants Financial
            Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融控股有限公司) and Chairman of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited.
            Mr. Miao was the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Vice Chairman,
            President and Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (a company listed on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (a company listed on
            the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of PICC Asset Management Company Limited, the Chairman of
            PICC Health Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of The People’s Insurance Company of China (Hong Kong),
            Limited, the Chairman of PICC Capital Investment Management Company Limited, the Chairman of PICC Pension
            Company Limited and the Chairman of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited.
            Mr. Hu Jianhua is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is an excellent senior engineer with a doctorate
            degree in Business Administration from the University of South Australia. He currently serves as the Director and
            the General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd.. He concurrently serves as Vice Chairman of China Merchants
            Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants Life Insurance Company
            Limited. He served as the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., Vice Chairman of the Board of
            Directors of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange),
            Vice Chairman of Port de Djibouti S.A. (PDSA), Chairman of China Nanshan Development (Group) Co., Ltd.,
            Chairman of China Merchants Logistics Group Co., Ltd., Director and General Manager of China Merchants Holdings
            (International) Company Limited (later renamed as: China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited), Chairman of
            Colombo International Container Terminals Limited, Director and General Manager of China Harbour Engineering
            Company Limited (中國港灣工程有限責任公司), General Manager of Hong Kong Zhen Hua Engineering Co., Ltd.,
            and an Independent Director of CIC Overseas Direct Investment Co., Ltd..
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                 105
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Mr. Sun Yunfei is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is a senior economist (researcher level) with a
      master’s degree in Business Administration from the School of Management of Fudan University. He currently serves
      as the Deputy General Manager and chief accountant of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He served
      as the Deputy Chief of the Economic Planning and Statistics Division, the Director of the Planning Department and
      the Deputy Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipyard (滬東造船廠), Chief Accountant of Hudong Shipbuilding (Group)
      Co., Ltd. (滬東造船（集團）有限公司), Director and Chief Financial Officer of Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding (Group)
      Co., Ltd., Deputy Chief Accountant and chief accountant at China State Shipbuilding Corporation, Deputy General
      Manager of China State Shipbuilding Corporation, etc.
      Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Board of Directors
      of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree in Monetary Banking from Renmin University of China. He is
      a senior economist. He joined the Company in June 1995 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager,
      Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company. He served as the Executive
      Assistant President of the Company and concurrently, General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company from
      June 2012. He ceased to serve as the General Manager of Beijing Branch from November 2013. He became the
      Executive Vice President of the Company from January 2015 and concurrently served as the Secretary of the Board
      of Directors of the Company from November 2016 to April 2019. He concurrently served as the Chief Financial
      Officer of Company from April 2019 to February 2023. He became the First Executive Vice President, Secretary of
      the Board of Directors, Company Secretary of the Company and the authorised representative in charge of matters
      in relation to listing in Hong Kong since August 2021. He started to preside over overall business of the Company
      since 18 April 2022. He has been the President of the Company since 15 June 2022. He concurrently serves as the
      Chairman of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited, Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, Vice Chairman of
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited, Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.,
      Vice President of the Payment & Clearing Association of China, Director of the fourth session of the Professional
      Committee for Intermediate Business of China Banking Association and Executive Director of the sixth session of the
      Banking Accounting Society of China, and a representative of the 14th People’s Congress of Guangdong Province.
      Mr. Zhou Song is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhou obtained a master’s degree of World
      Economics from Wuhan University. Mr. Zhou is the Chief Accountant of China Merchants Group Ltd. and
      concurrently a Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., the Chairman of Shenzhen China Merchants
      Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司), the Chairman of China Merchants
      Finance Co., Ltd. (招商局集團財務有限公司), the Chairman of China Merchants Investment Development Co., Ltd.
      (招商局投資發展有限公司) and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of China Merchants Shekou Industrial
      Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He was the Deputy General Manager of
      the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office of China Merchants Bank, the Deputy General Manager
      of Wuhan Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General Manager of the Planning and
      Finance Department of the Head Office, the Employee Supervisor of China Merchants Bank, the Business Director
      and General Manager of the Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office, the President of the
      General Office of the Financial Institution Business and concurrently the General Manager of the Assets Management
      Department of the Head Office and the Business Director of the Head Office, the President of the General Office of
      Investment Banking and Financial Market Business and concurrently the General Manager of the Assets Management
      Department of the Head Office, and the Business Director of the Head Office.
      Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Hong obtained a master’s degree in
      Economics from Peking University and a master’s degree in Science from Australian National University. He is a
      senior economist. He serves as the Director of China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited and the
      Assistant General Manager of China Merchants Group Ltd., a Director and General Manager of China Merchants
      Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.. He concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investments
      Co., Ltd., China Merchants United Development Company Limited and China Merchants Innovative Investment
      Management Co., Ltd., and the Director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited and CNIC Corporation
      Limited. He served as the Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company then listed on Shanghai
      Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (a
      company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of China Merchants
      Finance Holdings Company Limited, Chairman of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd., and the
      Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform.
106   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Mr. Zhang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
            and Management from the Department of Economics of Nanjing University and a master’s degree in Econometrics
            from the Business School of Nanjing University, and is a senior economist. He is the Chief Digital Officer of China
            Merchants Group Ltd., the Director of the Digital Centre, the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial
            Holdings Co., Ltd. and a Director of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited. He concurrently serves
            as the Chairman of China Merchants Commerce Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (招商局通商融資租賃有限公司), the
            Chairman of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技有限公司), a Director of China
            Merchants Innovative Investment Management Co., Ltd., a Director of China Merchants Innovative Investment
            (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資(國際)有限公司), a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment
            General Partnership (International) Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資普通合夥(國際)有限公司) and a Director of Four Rivers
            Investment Management Co., Ltd. (四源合股權投資管理有限公司). He served as a Director of China Merchants Life
            Insurance Company Limited, a Director of China Merchants Insurance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局保險控股有限公司),
            a Director of China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager of China Merchants
            Finance Holdings Company Limited, a Director of Shenzhen CMB Qianhai Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd.,
            General Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants Group Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants
            Capital Investments Co., Ltd., the Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China
            Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a Director of
            China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., a Director of China Great Bay Area Fund Management Co., Limited,
            a Director of China Merchants Capital Holdings (International) Limited, the Vice Chairman of China Merchants
            Capital Management Co. Ltd., the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Holdings Co. Ltd., a Director of China
            Merchants United Development Company Limited, a Director of Shi Jin Shi Credit Service Co., Ltd. (試金石信用服務
            有限公司）and the Deputy Director (Executive) of the Executive Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/
            Platform.
            Ms. Su Min is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Business Administration from China
            University of Technology, and is a senior accountant, a non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of Certified
            Public Accountants and a non-practicing member of China Appraisal Society. She is the Deputy General Manager
            of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.. She concurrently serves as a Director of Bosera Asset Management
            Co., Limited, a Director of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (長城證券股份有限
            公司). She successively served as the Deputy Director of Property Office of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
            Administration Commission of Anhui Province, a Director of Huishang Bank Corporation Limited, the Deputy General
            Manager and Chief Accountant of Anhui Energy Group Co., Ltd., the Chief Accountant of China Shipping (Group)
            Company, the Chairman of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd., the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Leasing Co., Ltd.
            (中遠海運租賃有限公司), a Director of Bank of Kunlun Co., Ltd., and a Director of China SHIPPING Development
            Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and China Shipping
            Container Lines Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). She served as a Director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd.(招商局創新投
            資管理有限責任公司), a Supervisor of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., the General Manager of China
            Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited and the Deputy Director (Executive) the Executive Committee of the
            China Merchants Financial Group/Platform.
            Mr. Chen Dong is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He is a senior accountant with a master’s degree in
            economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He currently serves as the General Manager of the
            Financial Management Division of China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited. He concurrently serves as a Director
            of COSCO SHIPPING Specialized Carriers Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), COSCO
            SHIPPING International (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and COSCO
            SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). He served as Assistant Director and
            Deputy General Manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of China Shipping Development Co., Ltd.
            Tanker Company, Deputy Director of Risk Control Centre of Enterprise Management Department, Deputy Director
            of Risk Control Department of Accounting and Finance Department, Deputy Director of Finance Department, Senior
            Manager of Finance and Tax Management Office of Finance Department, Assistant General Manager and Deputy
            General Manager of Finance Department of China Shipping (Group) Company and Deputy General Manager of the
            Financial Management Division of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     107
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Mr. Wong See Hong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s
      degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore, a master’s degree in Investment
      Management from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and a doctorate degree in Transformational
      Leadership (DTL) from Bethel Bible Seminary. He is an Independent Director of The Frasers Hospitality Assets
      Management Pte., Ltd. (新加坡輝盛國際資產管理有限公司) and EC World Asset Management Private Limited and a
      member of the Financial Management Commission of the Hong Kong Administration Society (香港管理學會財務管理
      委員會). He previously served as the Deputy Chief Executive of BOCHK, head, Managing Director and President for
      the Southeast Asia region, and the head of the Financial Market Department in Asia (亞洲區金融市場部主管) of ABN
      AMRO Bank, a Director of Bank of China Group Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of the Board of BOC
      Group Trustee Company Limited, the Chairman of BOCI-Prudential MPF (中銀保誠強積金), the Chairman of BOCHK
      Asset Management Limited, a member of the Board of Directors of the Civil Servants Institute of Prime Minister’s
      Office Singapore (新加坡總理辦公室公務員學院), and a member of the Client Consulting Commission (客戶諮詢委員
      會) of Thomson Reuters.
      Mr. Li Menggang is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a Ph.D. in Economics
      and a post-doctoral degree in both Transportation and Communication Engineering and Theoretical Economics from
      Beijing Jiaotong University. He has been serving as a professor and doctoral supervisor at Beijing Jiaotong University,
      the Dean of the National Academy of Economic Security (NAES) of Beijing Jiaotong University, the Director of
      Beijing Laboratory of National Economic Security Pre-Warning Project and the Chief Expert of Major Bidding Projects
      of the National Social Science Fund. He concurrently serves as the Vice President and the Deputy Director of the
      Expert Committee of China Human Resource Development Association, the Director of the Human Capital Institute,
      the Vice President of Guanghua Engineering Science and Technology Award Foundation (光華工程科技獎勵基金
      會), the Deputy Director of the Independent Board Committee of China Association for Public Companies and an
      Independent Director of Huadian Power International Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He served as an Independent Director of Sichuan Golden Summit
      (Group) Joint-stock Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), an Independent Non-Executive Director
      of Yuxing InfoTech Investment Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman
      of the Professional Committee of the Logistics Informatisation and Industrial Security System of the Institute of
      Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the Independent Director of Hunan Copote Science & Technology Co., Ltd.
      (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the Independent Director of Daqin Railway Co., Ltd. (a company
      listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange).
      Mr. Liu Qiao is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor of science
      degree in Economics and Mathematics from Renmin University of China, a master’s degree in Economics from the
      Institute of Finance of People’s Bank of China and a Ph.D. in Economics from University of California, Los Angeles in
      the United States and is a distinguished professor (特聘教授) of Changjiang Scholars Program. He has been serving
      as the Dean at the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University, professor of Finance and Economics
      and doctoral supervisor. He is also a member of Think Tank Committee of All-China Federation of Industry
      and Commerce (全國工商聯智庫委員會), the Economic Research Centre of Chinese Kuomintang Revolutionary
      Committee, the expert panel of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Listing Committee of ChiNext of Shenzhen
      Stock Exchange; an advisor of the post-doctoral stations of the CSRC, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the China
      Financial Futures Exchange and China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. etc., the Vice Chairman of the China Enterprise
      Reform and Development Society (中國企業改革與發展研究會), and an Independent Director of Beijing Capital
      Group Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. Liu served as an assistant professor
      at School of Economics and Finance of the University of Hong Kong, a consultant of the Asia-Pacific Corporate
      Finance & Strategy Practice of McKinsey & Company, an assistant professor and associate professor (with tenure) at
      the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Hong Kong, an Independent Non-Executive Director of
      Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as the ZH International Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange), and Independent Non-Executive Director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd, a company listed on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange.
      Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
      in Finance and Accounting from the Faculty of Water Transportation Management of Shanghai Maritime University,
      and is a senior accountant. He concurrently serves as the Independent Director of Nanjing Tanker Corporation (招商
      局南京油運股份有限公司, a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He previously served as the Chief Financial
      Officer and Chief Information Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the Finance
      Department of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of the Financial Department
      of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (中遠控股(新加坡)有限公司),
      the General Manager of the Finance Department of the COSCO Container Transportation Operation Headquarters
      (中遠集裝箱運輸經營總部), and the Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
108   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Mr. Li Chaoxian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctorate in
            Industrial Economics and a master’s degree in Statistics, respectively from Renmin University of China. He is
            currently a professor and doctoral supervisor of Beijing Technology and Business University, and concurrently serves
            as an Independent Director of China World Trade Centre Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock
            Exchange). He served as the Deputy Director and Director of the Finance Department of Beijing Business School,
            Deputy Dean and Dean of the School of Economics of Beijing Technology and Business University, Chief of the
            Academic Affairs Office of Beijing Technology and Business University, Vice President of Beijing Technology and
            Business University, and an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering Management Co., Ltd. (北京華
            達建業工程管理股份有限公司) (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations).
            Mr. Shi Yongdong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Shi obtained a doctorate in
            Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics from
            Jilin University. He is a leading talent of the national high-level special support plan, one of the Cultural Masters
            and the Four First-Batch Talents, and the chief expert of the major projects under the National Social Science Fund
            of China. He is currently the Dean, Professor and Doctoral Supervisor of the School of Finance and Technology of
            Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, and concurrently serves as a council member of China Finance Society,
            a standing council member of the Chinese Finance Annual Meeting (中國金融學年會) and the Chinese Financial
            Projects Annual Meeting (中國金融工程學年會), and a standing council member of the International Symposium on
            Financial Systems Engineering and Risk Management (金融系統工程與風險管理國際年會). He served as the Deputy
            Dean of the School of Finance, the Director of the Applied Finance Research Centre, Chief of the scientific research
            department and the Dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioural Sciences in Dongbei University of
            Finance and Economics, an Independent Director of Dalian Huarui Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed
            on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Bank of Anshan Co., Ltd..
            Supervisors
            Mr. Xiong Liangjun is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company and an Employee Supervisor.
            He obtained a master’s degree in economics from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics. He is a senior
            economist. He successively served as the Assistant General Manager and the Deputy General Manager of Shenzhen
            Central Sub-branch of the PBOC from April 2000 to July 2003. He successively served as the Deputy Director-General
            of Shenzhen Bureau of China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC), the Director-General of CBRC Guangxi Bureau
            and CBRC Shenzhen Bureau from September 2003 to July 2014. He served as the Secretary of the Commission for
            Discipline Inspection of the Company from July 2014 to August 2021 and has become the Chairman of the Board of
            Supervisors of the Company since August 2021.
            Mr. Luo Sheng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. He graduated from the Business School of Nankai
            University majoring in corporate governance with a doctor degree. Mr. Luo is currently the Deputy General Manager
            of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and a Director of both Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd and Gemdale Corporation (a
            company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange). He successively served as the principal staff member of the Regulation
            Division under the Policy and Regulation Department, the principal staff member of the Market Analysis Division
            under the Development and Reform Department, the Deputy Director and Director of the Corporate Governance
            Division under the Development and Reform Department as well as the deputy director of the Regulation
            Department of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission. He has also served as an Executive Director, the
            Executive Vice President, Secretary to the Board of Directors, and General Manager of Shanghai Branch of China
            Insurance Information Technology Management Co., Ltd., and the Deputy Director of the Development and Reform
            Department of China Insurance Regulatory Commission, etc. He served as the Non-Executive Director of the Eleventh
            session of the Board of the Company from June 2019 to June 2022.
            Mr. Peng Bihong is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Peng graduated from Hunan College of Finance
            and Economics (湖南財經學院) majoring in Finance and obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Wuhan
            University. Mr. Peng is a non-practicing member and a lecturer of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
            He currently serves as Chief Accountant of China Communications Construction Group Ltd., and concurrently a
            Director of China State-owned Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund Co., Ltd. (中國國有企業結構調整基金股份有
            限公司), the Vice Chairman of the Council of China Oceanic Development Foundation (中國海洋發展基金會), the
            Vice Chairman of China Communications Accounting Society, a member of the Strategy Advisory Committee of
            Shanghai National Accounting Institute and an intelligent finance specialist of Shared Finance Special Committee of
            The Innovation & Entrepreneurship Education Alliance of China. He has worked for China Poly Group Corporation
            Limited (中國保利集團有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as Poly Group) for nearly 20 years, serving successively as
            the Director of the Finance Department of China Poly Group Corporation, the General Manager of Poly Finance
            Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer of Poly Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. and the Chief Accountant of
            Poly Group, as well as the Chairman of Poly Finance Company Limited and Poly Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.,
            and the Vice Chairman of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of China
            Communications Construction Company Limited from September 2018 to September 2019.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  109
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Mr. Wu Heng is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a postgraduate from the Department of Accounting
      of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in Management and is a
      senior accountant. He is the General Manager of Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited (a
      company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange), the General Manager of SAIC Motor Financial Holding Management
      Co., Ltd., a Non-executive Director of Bank of Chongqing Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange) and a Director of Wuhan Kotei Informatics Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He consecutively served as a Deputy Manager and Manager of Planning and Finance
      Department as well as a Manager of Fixed Income Department of Shanghai Automotive Group Finance Company,
      Ltd. from March 2000 to March 2005. He consecutively served as a Section Chief, Assistant to Executive Controller
      and the Manager of Accounting Section of Finance Department of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited from March
      2005 to April 2009, the Chief Financial Officer of Huayu Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange) from April 2009 to May 2015, and concurrently serving as the Director and General
      Manager of Huayu Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (華域汽車系統(上海)有限公司) during the period
      from May 2014 to May 2015, and the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Affairs Department of SAIC Motor
      Corporation Limited from May 2015 to August 2019.
      Mr. Xu Zhengjun is an External Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Xu obtained a master’s degree in the Maritime
      Transportation Management from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior political engineer. He is currently
      an Independent Director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited, and concurrently the Director of
      Shanghai Dongsheng Public Welfare Foundation. He previously served as the Section Chief and the Department
      Head of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the General Manager of the crew company and land property company
      of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Assistant to General Manager of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the
      General Manager of Shanghai Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd., the Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of COSCO
      Container Lines Co., Ltd., the General Manager of COSCO (HK) Industry & Trade Holdings Ltd., the Vice Chairman
      of Shenzhen Guangju Energy Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Vice President and
      General Counsel of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited and the Director of True Smart International Limited, the
      General Manager and Executive Director of COSCO International Holdings Limited, the Chairman of the Corporate
      Governance Committee of COSCO International and the Independent Director of Sinotrans Shipping Limited.
      Mr. Cai Hongping is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in journalism
      from Fudan University. He is the Chairman of AGIC Capital and concurrently serving as an independent director
      of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange), COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Shanghai
      Stock Exchange), BYD Company Limited (a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange) and China Southern Airlines Company Limited (a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and was an independent director of China Oceanwide Holdings Limited (a company
      listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Cai Hongping served as the senior vice president
      and managing director of Peregrine Investments Holdings Limited. He served as the chairman of China of BNP
      Paribas Capital (Asia Pacific) Limited from 1998 to 2005 and served as the chairman of UBS AG in Asia from 2006
      to 2010, and served as the executive chairman of Investment Banking Asia Pacific of Deutsche Bank from 2010 to
      2015.
      Mr. Zhang Xiang is an External Supervisor of the Company. He obtained a doctorate degree in Mechanical
      Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and a master’s degree from the Department of Physics of
      Nanjing University. He is an elected member of the US National Academy of Engineering, a foreign member of the
      Chinese Academy of Sciences, an elected member of the Academia Sinica and the president of the University of
      Hong Kong. Mr. Zhang was the inaugural Ernest S. Kuh Endowed Chair Professor at the University of California,
      Berkeley, and the Director of the US National Science Foundation Nano-scale Science and Engineering Centre. He
      was an assistant professor at Pennsylvania State University in 1996, an associate professor and professor at the
      University of California, Los Angeles from 1999 to 2004, an associate professor and professor at the Mechanical
      Engineering Department and the Institute of Applied Science and Technology of the University of California, Berkeley
      from 2004 to 2018 and a director of Materials Science Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from
      2014 to 2016.
110   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Ms. Cai Jin is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Finance from
            Hunan University of Finance and Economics. She is an economist. She currently serves as the Director of the Labour
            Union of the Head Office of the Company. In August 1992, she started her career in Shashi Branch of Industrial
            and Commercial Bank of China in Hubei Province. She joined the Company in May 1995. She successively served as
            the Assistant General Manager of the Human Resources Department, the Deputy General Manager of the Banking
            Department of the Head Office and the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Custody Department of the Head
            Office from April 2010 to December 2021.
            Mr. Cao Jian is an Employee Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao obtained a master’s degree in International
            Finance from the Graduate School of the Financial Research Institute of the People’s Bank of China. He is a non-
            practicing member of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He currently serves as the General Manager
            of the Audit Department of the Company, and concurrently the Supervisor of CMB Wealth Management. He
            joined the Company in August 2003 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General
            Manager of the Audit Department of the Company. From November 2021 to March 2023, he served as the General
            Manager of the Shenzhen division of the Audit Department of the Company.
            Senior management
            Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
            Mr. Wang Yungui is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang obtained a master’s degree from the
            Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and is a senior economist. He successively
            served as the General Manager of the Department of Education and the General Manager of the Human Resources
            Department of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China from July 2008 to December 2016, and served as the
            Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of China Development Bank from December 2016 to March 2019. He has
            served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2019.
            Mr. Li Delin is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctorate degree in Economics
            from Wuhan University, and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in October 2013 and successively
            served as the Director of the General Office of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Strategic Customer
            Department, the General Manager of the Strategic Customer Department and concurrently the General Manager of
            the Institutional Customer Department, and the General Manager of Shanghai Branch and concurrently the General
            Manager of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of the Company. He served as an Executive Assistant President
            of the Company in April 2019 and has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since March 2021.
            Concurrently, he is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Shenzhen Public Companies Association and the
            Vice President of National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors.
            Mr. Zhu Jiangtao is an Executive Vice President and the Chief Risk Officer of the Company. Mr. Zhu obtained a
            master’s degree in Economics and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in January 2003. He served as
            an Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Guangzhou Branch of the Company, the General
            Manager of Chongqing Branch, the General Manager of the Credit Risk Management Department and the General
            Manager of the Risk Management Department of the Company from December 2007 to July 2020. He has served
            as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company since July 2020 and as an Executive Vice President of the Company since
            September 2021.
            Mr. Xiong Kai is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company. Mr. Xiong graduated from
            Graduate School of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences with a doctorate degree in Legal Theory. He successively
            served as Senior Staff, Principal Staff and Deputy Director of the Ministry of Public Security of the PRC from 1994 to
            2006 and acted as the Deputy Director (Consultant), Director, Deputy Director-General and Director-General at the
            CPC General Office from 2006 to 2014. He joined the Company in July 2014 and successively served as the Director
            of Disciplinary Committee Office and concurrently the General Manager of the Inspection and Security Department
            of the Head Office, the Director of the General Office of Head Office and concurrently the General Manager of the
            Asset Security Department, the General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch and the General Manager of Beijing Branch.
            He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline Committee of the Company since July 2021.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                111
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Mr. Zhong Desheng is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
      the History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and is a senior
      economist. He joined the Company in July 1993 and successively served as an Assistant General Manager and
      Deputy General Manager of Wuhan Branch, the General Manager of International Business Department of the Head
      Office, the General Manager of Trade Finance Department of the Head Office and the General Manager of Offshore
      Finance Centre of the Head Office, the General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, the President of the General Office
      of Corporate Finance of the Head Office and the General Manager of the Strategic Customers Department. He has
      served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since October 2021.
      Mr. Wang Xiaoqing is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a doctorate degree in Political
      Economics from Fudan University and is an economist. He worked at PICC Asset Management Company Limited
      from March 2005 to March 2020, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Risk Management
      Department, the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Portfolio Management Department, Assistant
      President and Vice President. In March 2020, he joined the Company and served as the General Manager of CMFM.
      He has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company since October 2021, and concurrently serves as
      the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch, the Chairman of CMFM, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and CIGNA &
      CMAM.
      Ms. Wang Ying is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. She obtained a master’s degree in Political
      Economics from Nanjing University and is an economist. She joined the Company in January 1997, successively
      served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch, General Manager of
      Tianjin Branch, and General Manager of Shenzhen Branch, and has been serving as an Executive Assistant President
      of the Company since February 2023.
      Mr. Peng Jiawen is an Executive Assistant President and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. He obtained
      a bachelor’s degree in National Economic Planning from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law and is a senior
      economist. He joined the Company in September 2001, and successively served as an Assistant General Manager
      and Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager
      and General Manager of the Overall Retail Management Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager
      and Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance of the Head Office and concurrently General Manager of
      Retail Credit Business Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch, and General Manager
      of Asset and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office. He has served as an Executive Assistant
      President and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since February 2023, concurrently serving as the General
      Manager of Asset and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office.
      Mr. Jiang Chaoyang is the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
      Management Sciences from Shanghai Jiao Tong University and is a senior economist. He joined the Company in
      November 2013, successively served as the General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head Office,
      General Manager of Retail Network Banking Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and General
      Manager of Wealth Management Department of the Head Office, and has been serving as the Chief Information
      Officer (CIO) of the Company since November 2019.
      Joint company secretaries
      Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.
      Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained a MBA degree from
      the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a
      Fellow of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the
      United Kingdom and is a council member, the Chairlady of the Professional Development Committee of The Hong
      Kong Chartered Governance Institute and is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by The Hong Kong
      Chartered Governance Institute. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
      and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed
      companies. Ms. Ho has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and
      is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.
112   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.4.5 Remuneration policy and evaluation and incentive system for Directors,
            Supervisors and senior management
            The Company offers remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors according to the “Resolution in
            Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to
            Remuneration of External Supervisors” considered and passed at the 2016 First Extraordinary General Meeting; offers
            remuneration to Executive Directors, Chairman of Board of Supervisors and other senior management according
            to the “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”. The remuneration
            consists of basic remuneration and performance-based remuneration, which shall be paid deferred in accordance
            with regulatory requirements. At the same time, the Company has established a mechanism related to performance-
            based remuneration deduction. The Company offers remuneration to Employee Supervisors (excluding Chairman of
            Board of Supervisors) in accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company. All of the
            Directors and Supervisors nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the
            Company. For details of the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of
            the Company, please refer to Notes 11 and 12 to the financial statements.
            The Board of Directors of the Company evaluates the performance of the senior management according to the
            “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Assessment
            Standards of the H-Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme for the Senior Management”. According to
            the “Measures on Evaluation of Performance of Directors and Supervisors of CMB”, the Board of Supervisors
            evaluates the annual duty performance of the Directors and Supervisors through monitoring their duty performance
            in the ordinary course, conducting duty performance interviews, reviewing and evaluating their annual duty
            performance records (including but not limited to, attendance of meetings, participation of researches, provision of
            recommendations and the term of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance Self-Evaluation Questionnaire”
            completed by each Director and Supervisor, and then reports the same to the shareholders’ general meeting and
            regulatory authorities. According to the “Policies on Evaluation of Duty Performance of Senior Management by the
            Board of Supervisors (Trial)”, the Board of Supervisors evaluates the annual duty performance of senior management
            through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing to their duty performance
            information (including but not limited to, major speeches, major meeting minutes and the evaluation of the duty
            performance of senior management by the Board of Directors) and work reports, and then reports the same to the
            shareholders’ general meeting and regulatory authorities.



      5.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
            The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
            of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
            At the same time, the Company has also set guidelines on the trading of the Company’s securities by Directors,
            Supervisors and relevant employees, and the contents of the guidelines are no less exacting than the Model Code.
            Except Tian Huiyu, a former Director who has been arrested according to law and cannot be contacted, according to
            the enquiry, the rest of the Directors and all Supervisors of the Company have been in compliance with the Model
            Code and the guidelines set by the Company during the reporting period.



      5.4.7 Interests and short positions of Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives
            under Hong Kong laws and regulations
            As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
            the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
            (as defined in the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange
            pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors,
            Supervisors and chief executives of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO,
            or which were required to be and were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
            SFO or as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
            Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                113
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                             Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                      of              of
                                                                                                  No. of the relevant          the total
                                                Class of   Long/short                             Shares class of shares issued ordinary
      Name             Position                 shares     position        Capacity             (shares)    in issue (%)     shares (%)

      Wang Liang       Executive Director,      A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     300,000        0.00145         0.00119
                         President and Chief
                         Executive Officer,
                         Secretary of the Board
                         of Directors
      Zhou Song        Non-Executive Director   A Share    Long position   Interest of spouse    23,282        0.00011         0.00009
      Xiong Liangjun   Chairman of the Board of A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     240,000        0.00116         0.00095
                         Supervisors, Employee
                         Supervisor

      Wang Wanqing     Employee Supervisor      A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     183,000        0.00089         0.00073
      Cai Jin          Employee Supervisor      A Share    Long position   Beneficial owner     128,600        0.00062         0.00051
                                                H Share    Long position   Beneficial owner       4,550        0.00010         0.00002




5.5 Board of Directors
      The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
      passed by the shareholders’ general meetings; formulating of the Company’s major principles and policies, including
      development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, and remuneration regulations;
      deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; preparing annual financial budgets,
      final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and evaluating members of senior management. The
      Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
      Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
      on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
      would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.
      The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
      establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
      efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on key
      issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced, healthy and
      sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve dynamically balanced development
      in “Quality, Efficiency and Scale” through effective management of its strategy, risks, capital, remuneration, internal
      control and related party transactions, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company to enhance its operation
      and management capabilities.



5.5.1 Composition of the Board of Directors and diversity policy
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company has fifteen members, including eight
      Non-Executive Directors, one Executive Director, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the eight Non-
      Executive Directors are seasoned management personnel such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, General
      Manager, Deputy General Manager or Chief Financial Officer of large state-owned enterprises. They have extensive
      experience in corporate management, finance and accounting fields. The one Executive Director has been engaged
      in financial management for a long time with extensive professional experience. Among the six Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance, university professors and financial experts
      with international vision, and they all have in-depth knowledge about the development of the banking industry at
      home and abroad. One Independent Non-Executive Director from Hong Kong is proficient in International Financial
      Reporting Standards and the requirements of Hong Kong capital market. During the reporting period, the Board of
      Directors of the Company has one female Director who, together with other male Directors of the Company, offers
      professional opinions to the Company in their respective fields.
114   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            The Company attaches great importance to maintaining the diversity characteristics of the members of the Board
            of Directors, and revised the Articles of Association of the Company during the year to incorporate the diversity
            policy into the Articles of Association of the Company. Among them, the new responsibilities of the Nomination
            Committee under the Board of Directors are to “promote the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors,
            including but not limited to gender, age, culture, educational background and professional experience, and regularly
            review the diversity implementation”. The diversified director structure of the Company has brought broad vision
            and high-level professional experience to the Board of Directors, and also maintained the independent elements
            within the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors of the Company effectively make independent
            judgements and scientific decisions when studying and deliberating major issues.
            As of the end of the reporting period, the Company maintained the Board of Directors consisting of members of
            different genders, professional backgrounds and industry experience. The Nomination Committee under the Board
            of Directors shall evaluate the structure, number, composition and diversity implementation and effectiveness of the
            Board of Directors (including multiple aspects such as gender, skills, knowledge and experience) at least once a year
            according to the operating activities, asset size and equity structure of the Company, and advise on any changes to
            the Board of Directors to coordinate with the Company’s strategy.
            The list of Directors of the Company is set out in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report. To
            comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been clearly identified in all
            the corporate communication documents of the Company which disclose their names.



      5.5.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
            In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors of the Company shall be elected or
            replaced by the shareholders at the shareholders’ general meetings, and the term of office for the Directors shall
            be three years commencing from the date on which the approval from the PRC banking regulatory authority is
            obtained. A Director is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his/her current term of office. The term of office for
            a Director shall not be terminated without any justification at a shareholders’ general meeting before expiry of his/
            her term.
            A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a shareholders’ general meeting before the expiry of his/
            her term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim made in accordance with
            contract shall not be affected).
            The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall be the same as that for other
            Directors of the Company. The term of office for the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company shall
            comply with the relevant laws and the requirements of the governing authority.
            The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
            requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
            Nomination Committee of the Company. The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
            shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for a Director and recommends suitable
            candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination proposal, the Board of Directors shall
            propose election of the related candidates at a shareholders’ general meeting and submit the relevant resolution at
            a shareholders’ general meeting for consideration and approval.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  115
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


5.5.3 Responsibilities of Directors
      As of the end of the reporting period, all incumbent Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently
      exercised their rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the domestic and overseas regulatory
      rules, devoted sufficient time and attention to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices
      of the Company were fully compliant with the requirements of the laws and administrative regulations and
      economic policies of the country, gave all shareholders fair treatment, readily reviewed the business operation
      and management of the Company, and fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative
      regulations, departmental regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company. All Directors of the Company
      were aware of their joint and individual responsibilities towards shareholders. During the year, the average
      attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and the special committees under the Board of
      Directors was 97.81%.
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
      resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
      matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors, engagement of accounting
      firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company also
      gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees under the Board of Directors, and
      provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance and operation management of the
      Company, thereby providing effective guarantee on the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.
      The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
      effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Company is
      of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.
      The Company attached great importance to the continuous training of Directors, so as to ensure that they have
      a proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
      responsibilities under the relevant laws, regulations and systems, the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the
      CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the requirements of the Articles of
      Association of the Company. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors, Supervisors and
      Senior Management” for all of its Directors.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
      performance of the Directors, and the annual duty performance and cross-appraisal of the Independent Non-
      Executive Directors, and reported the appraisal results to the shareholders’ general meeting.



5.5.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President
      The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company have been served by different persons
      and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      Mr. Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Company and is responsible for leading the Board of Directors,
      ensuring that all the Directors are updated regarding issues arising at board meetings, managing the operation of
      the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a constructive
      and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in time, the
      Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors duly
      receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. Mr. Wang Liang serves as the
      President and is responsible for the business operation of the Company and implementation of its strategies and
      business plans.
116   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.5.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings
            The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
            Directors and the special committees under the Board of Directors and at the shareholders’ general meeting during
            the reporting period. All Directors performed due diligence in their duties, capitalised on opportunities, tackled
            challenges and used their professional specialties and extensive experience to contribute their intelligence and
            strength to the operation and development of the Company. The Company has adopted the constructive opinions
            and suggestions raised by each of the Directors in aspects including strategy guideline, wealth management,
            Fintech, risk control and management, internal control and compliance, anti-money laundering, green finance
            development, inclusive finance development, related party transactions management, protection of consumer rights
            and improvement of incentive and restrictive mechanisms, and no objection has been raised by any of the Directors
            on the matters reviewed.
                                                                            Special committees under the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                      Related Party
                                                                                                                                       Transactions
                                                                                                                                      Management
                                                                                                         Risk and                    and Consumer
                                                                                    Remuneration          Capital                            Rights    Shareholders’
                                         Board of        Strategy     Nomination and Appraisal Management                Audit           Protection         General
            Directors                    Directors     Committee       Committee      Committee       Committee      Committee          Committee           Meeting
                                                             Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance
            Non-Executive
              Directors
            Miao Jianmin                    18/18              8/8             3/3               /               /              /                  /             1/1
            Hu Jianhua                        4/4              0/0                /              /               /              /                  /                /
            Sun Yunfei                        4/4              0/0                /              /               /            2/2                  /                /
            Zhou Song                       18/18              3/3                /              /               /            8/8                  /             1/1
            Hong Xiaoyuan                   18/18                 /              /            4/4             7/7               /                  /             1/1
            Zhang Jian                      18/18                /               /              /             7/7               /                  /             1/1
            Su Min                          18/18                /               /              /               /               /               5/5              1/1
            Chen Dong                         4/4                 /              /            2/2             2/2               /                  /                /
            Fu Gangfeng (resigned)          15/15              8/8               /               /               /              /                  /             1/1
            Wang Daxiong
              (resigned)                       8/8                /               /           0/0             3/3                /                 /             1/1
            Luo Sheng (resigned)               8/8             5/5                /              /            3/3                /                 /             1/1

            Executive Directors
            Wang Liang                       18/18             3/3             0/0               /            7/7                /                 /             1/1
            Tian Huiyu (resigned)              3/8             2/5             1/3               /               /               /                 /             0/1

            Independent Non-
               Executive Directors
            Wong See Hong                   18/18                 /            3/3               /               /            8/8               5/5              1/1
            Li Menggang                     18/18                 /            3/3            4/4                /            8/8                  /             1/1
            Liu Qiao                        18/18                 /            3/3            4/4             6/7                /                 /             1/1
            Tian Hongqi                     18/18                 /              /              /               /             8/8               5/5              1/1
            Li Chaoxian                     18/18              3/3               /            4/4             3/3                /              5/5              1/1
            Shi Yongdong                    18/18                 /              /               /            7/7             8/8                  /             1/1

            Note:       During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 18 meetings, of which eight were on-site meetings and ten
                        were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions; the special committees under the Board of Directors held a total of 35 meetings,
                        of which 13 were on-site meetings and 22 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   117
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


5.5.6 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors
      The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
      requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
      qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
      requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All the six
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the circumstances set out in Rule 3.13
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence. The Company has received from
      the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of independence which was made
      in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that all
      the Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the requirement of independence set out in the
      Hong Kong Listing Rules. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and all of such
      committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the reporting period, the six Independent
      Non-Executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through personal attendance at the
      meetings, special research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their roles as Independent
      Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors and its various special
      committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests and requests of
      minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at the meetings
      convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to “Attendance of Directors at relevant
      meetings” in this report.
      During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
      opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of directors,
      engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. They made no objection to the resolutions of the
      Board of Directors and others of the Company during the year.
      According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in
      2022, believing that such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company as well as the
      progress of significant matters in 2022. They recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results
      achieved in 2022. They also reviewed the unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the
      certified public accountants in charge of annual audit in respect of major matters and formed their written opinions;
      they reviewed the procedures for convening board meetings in the year, the decision-making procedures for matters
      on the agenda and the adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected
      transactions of the Company and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



5.5.7 Corporate governance functions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:
      1.     Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
             amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;
      2.     Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
             management;
      3.     Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
             requirements;
      4.     Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
             Directors and employees of the Company;
      5.     Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
             Report of Corporate Governance;
      6.     Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
             Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
             the Company are effective.
118   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.5.8 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for the financial
            statements
            The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
            information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
            submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 to present a true view of the operating results of the
            Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
            might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.



      5.5.9 Special committees under the Board of Directors
            There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy Committee, the
            Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and Capital Management Committee,
            the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
            In 2022, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company gave full play to their professional
            advantages and earnestly performed various duties, actively offering advices to the Board of Directors on strategic
            guidance, Fintech, risk management, internal control and compliance, inclusive finance, green finance, related
            party transactions management, consumer rights protection, incentive and restrictive mechanisms and construction
            of the Board of Directors. During the year, these committees held a total of 35 meetings to study and review 137
            significant issues, and reported their review opinions and advices to the Board of Directors by submitting meeting
            minutes and holding on-site meetings, hence fully playing its role in assisting the Board of Directors to make
            scientific decisions.
            The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company and their
            work in 2022 are summarised as follows.
            Strategy Committee
            The members of the Strategy Committee include Non-Executive Directors Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Hu Jianhua,
            Sun Yunfei, Zhou Song, Wang Liang (Executive Director) and Li Chaoxian (Independent Non-Executive Director). The
            Strategy Committee is mainly responsible for formulating the operation and management goals and the medium-to-
            long term development strategies of the Company, as well as supervising and examining the implementation of its
            annual operation plan and investment plan.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Formulate the operational goals and the medium-to-long term development strategies of the Company, and
                   make an overall assessment on strategic risks;
            2.     Consider material investment and financing plans and make proposals to the Board of Directors;
            3.     Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;
            4.     Evaluate and monitor the implementation of the Board resolutions;
            5.     Make recommendations and proposals on important issues for discussion and determination by the Board of
                   Directors;
            6.     Formulate data governance strategy and major issues related to data governance;
            7.     Review the ESG development strategy and basic management system, review the ESG-related work report,
                   regularly evaluate the implementation of the ESG development strategy and promote the implementation of
                   other ESG-related work required by the regulations;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                  119
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      In 2022, the Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened eight meetings, namely,
      the Strategy Committee under the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors convened its 13th meeting (8 March),
      the 14th meeting (31 March), the 15th meeting (17 May), the 16th meeting (8 June) and the 17th meeting (20
      June), and the Strategy Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 1st meeting
      (11 August), the 2nd meeting (19 September) and the 3rd meeting (21 October). The Strategy Committee focused
      on the Company’s green development plan, inclusive financial development and annual work plan, human resources
      management and talent strategy implementation, the use of Fintech innovation project funds, annual financial
      budget and final account report, annual profit distribution plan, implementation of business plan, the change of
      Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited into a joint stock limited company, and the formulation of
      institutional construction management regulations, redemption of overseas preferred shares and other proposals,
      further clarified the strategic direction and strategic focus, kept on strengthening the construction of three major
      capabilities, promoted the development of the business model of extensive wealth management, the operation
      model of Fintech and the open and integrated organisational model, and made every effort to create the best value
      creation bank. In order to strictly implement the guiding spirit of the Party Central Committee, the State Council
      and the regulatory authorities on green finance, the Company added green finance development responsibilities
      to the functions of the Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors, and changed the name of the “Strategy
      Committee under the Board of Directors” to the “Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the
      Board of Directors” (such change will be duly effective upon the completion of amendments to the Articles of
      Association), so as to jointly perform the ESG-related responsibilities and improve the top governance structure of
      the ESG.
      Nomination Committee
      The majority of members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Nomination Committee include Wong
      See Hong (Chairman), Li Menggang and Liu Qiao (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a
      Non-Executive Director) and Wang Liang (an Executive Director). The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible
      for formulating the procedures and standards for election of the Directors and senior management, conducting
      preliminary verification on the qualification for appointment of the Directors and senior management and making
      proposals to the Board of Directors.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Review the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including their expertise, knowledge
             and experience) at least once a year and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board of
             Directors to implement the strategies of the Company according to the Company’s business operation, asset
             scale and shareholding structure of the Company;
      2.     Study the standards and procedures for selection of directors and senior management, and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      3.     Conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for directors and senior management;
      4.     Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board of Directors;
      5.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2022, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened three meetings,
      namely, the Nomination Committee under the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors convened its 9th meeting
      (8 April), the 10th meeting (18 May) and the 11th meeting (19 May). At the expiration of the term of office of the
      Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors during the year, the Nomination Committee studied and formulated the
      plan for the change of session of the Board of Directors, clarified the number and composition of the members of
      the Board of Directors, and the way in which all Directors will be elected, and successively reviewed and passed
      the proposals on the appointment of Mr. Wang Liang as the President of China Merchants Bank, and the list of
      candidates for directors of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors, and regularly reviewed the members,
      structure and diversity implementation of the Board of Directors and its special committees, ensuring compliance
      with all regulatory requirements.
120   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            The specific process for the nomination and election of Directors of the Company is as follows: qualified nomination
            body recommends candidates for directorship to the Company, the Nomination Committee under the Board of
            Directors conducts a preliminary review of the qualifications and conditions of the candidates for directorship
            and proposing the qualified candidates to the Board of Directors for consideration, and upon consideration and
            approval by the Board of Directors, proposing the candidates for directorship to the shareholders’ meeting in a
            written proposal (for details, please refer to the section of “Board of Directors” set out in the Articles of Association
            of the Company). In the selection process of candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee under the
            Board of Directors takes full consideration of the compliance of the candidates with laws, regulations and other
            relevant requirements, independence, cultural and educational background or professional experience, as well as
            the structure, number, composition and diversity of the Board of Directors, and will make recommendations on any
            proposed changes to the Board of Directors in line with the Company’s strategy.
            Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
            The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors,
            and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Remuneration and
            Appraisal Committee currently include Li Menggang (Chairman), Liu Qiao, Li Chaoxian (all being Independent Non-
            Executive Directors), Hong Xiaoyuan and Chen Dong (both being Non-Executive Directors). The Remuneration and
            Appraisal Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the remuneration management system and policies of the
            Company, formulating the remuneration package for the Directors and senior management, making proposals to the
            Board of Directors and supervising the implementation of such proposals.
            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Study the standards for assessment of Directors and senior management and make assessments and put
                   forward proposals depending on the actual conditions of the Company;
            2.     Study and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of directors and senior management
                   of the Bank, make recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such
                   proposals;
            3.     Review the regulations and policies in respect of remuneration of the Bank;
            4.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened four
            meetings, namely the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors
            convened its 1st meeting (12 August), the 2nd meeting (27 September), the 3rd meeting (23 December) and the
            4th meeting (29 December). In order to further optimise the appraisal policy and incentive plan, continuously guide
            cadres and employees to “base on the long-term development and grasp the present opportunities”, implement
            the medium- and long-term strategic objectives formulated by the Board of Directors and promote the sustainable
            and healthy development of the Company, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee deliberated and passed
            the proposals on the remuneration of senior management, the adjustment of the personal accident insurance
            and major disease insurance coverage standards for senior management and so on, steadily promoted the orderly
            implementation of remuneration management matters, continuously improved the connotation of incentive and
            restraint mechanism, reviewed and passed the Measures for the Administration of Recourse and Deduction of
            Performance Compensation and the deferred payment of senior management’ compensation. The Remuneration
            and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors also put forth proposals on the remuneration of the
            senior management (including the Executive Directors) in accordance with the “Policies on Remunerations of
            Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and conducted regular assessment of their performance.
            According to the provisions of the H-share Appreciation Rights Scheme, the granted appreciation rights have been
            subject to effective appraisal and grant price adjustment, ensuring the continuous operation of the Company’s
            medium- and long-term incentive mechanism.
            Risk and Capital Management Committee
            The members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee are Hong Xiaoyuan (Chairman), Zhang Jian, Chen
            Dong (all being Non-Executive Directors), Wang Liang (an Executive Director), Liu Qiao and Shi Yongdong (both
            being Independent Non-Executive Directors). The Risk and Capital Management Committee is mainly responsible for
            supervising the status of risk management by the senior management of the Company in relation to various major
            risks, making regular assessment on the risk policies, risk-withstanding ability and capital management status of the
            Company and submitting proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                      121
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management of the Company in relation to credit risk,
             market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and
             other risks;
      2.     Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status
             of the Bank;
      3.     Perform relevant duties under the Advanced Measurement Approach for Capital Measurement pursuant to
             the authorisation given by the Board of Directors;
      4.     Submit proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital of the Company;
      5.     Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;
      6.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2022, the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened
      seven meetings, namely the Risk and Capital Management Committee under Eleventh Session of the Board of
      Directors convened its 18th meeting (11 March), 19th meeting (14 March) and 20th meeting (19 May) and the Risk
      and Capital Management Committee under Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 1st meeting (5
      August), the 2nd meeting (15 August), the 3rd meeting (9 November) and the 4th meeting (23 December). The Risk
      and Capital Management Committee constantly implemented the dynamically balanced development philosophy
      of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale” of the Board of Directors, adhered to the prudent risk management concept,
      focused on strengthening the construction of comprehensive risk management system under the business model
      of extensive wealth management and actively implemented the objective requirements of the Board of Directors to
      “outperform the market and outperform the industry”. The Risk and Capital Management Committee insisted on
      implementing the quarterly regular meeting mechanism, assisted the Board of Directors to continuously strengthen
      the comprehensive risk management function, emphasised the handling of the three relationships between scale and
      speed, structure and allocation, and comprehensive and off-balance-sheet risk management, reasonably controlled
      the growth rate of risk-weighted assets and guided the bank-wide business deployment in a top-down approach
      through asset allocation. The Company focused on the three major business areas of real estate, private agency
      sales and financial asset management, heard special reports, paid close attention to risk exposure and resolution
      and effectively cultivated risk management capabilities that match business development. The Company paid high
      attention to the impact of changes of the international pattern on the banking industry in all aspects and regularly
      reviewed reports on compliance with anti-money laundering and sanctions, risk assessment of money laundering and
      terrorist financing and compliance work of institutions in the United States. The Company attached great importance
      to capital management, reviewed and heard the mid-term plan of capital management, internal capital adequacy
      assessment, consolidated management work and other reports, constantly strengthened the capital constraint
      mechanism and enhanced the risk compensation ability.
      Audit Committee
      The majority of members of the Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee
      was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. The members of the Audit Committee are Tian Hongqi
      (Chairman), Wong See Hong, Li Menggang, Shi Yongdong (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Zhou
      Song (a Non-Executive Director). None of the above persons has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors
      of the Company. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for examining the accounting policies and financial
      position of the Company; and is responsible for the annual audit work of the Company, proposing the appointment
      or replacement of external auditors and examining the status of the internal audit and internal control of the
      Company.
122   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Main authorities and duties:
            1.     Propose the appointment or replacement of external auditors;
            2.     Monitor the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation, and evaluate the work procedures
                   and work effectiveness of the internal audit department;
            3.     Coordinate the communication between internal auditors and external auditors;
            4.     Audit the financial information of the Company and disclosure of such information, and is responsible for
                   the annual audit work of the Company, including issue of a conclusive report on the truthfulness, accuracy,
                   completeness and timeliness of the information contained in the audited financial statements, and submit the
                   same to the Board of Directors for consideration;
            5.     Examine the internal control system of the Company, and put forward the advices to improve the internal
                   control of the Company;
            6.     Review and supervise the mechanism for the Company’s employees to whistle blow any misconduct in
                   respect of financial statements, internal control or otherwise, so as to ensure that the Company always
                   handles the whistle blowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;
            7.     Examine the accounting policies, financial reporting procedures and financial position of the Company;
            8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
            In 2022, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened eight meetings, namely, the
            Audit Committee under the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors convened its 17th meeting (8 March), the
            18th meeting (14 March), the 19th meeting (2 April), the 20th meeting (20 April) and the 21st meeting (12 May),
            and the Audit Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 1st meeting (16 August),
            the 2nd meeting (25 October) and the 3rd meeting (14 November). The Audit Committee, based on the quarterly
            regular meeting system and taking the regular report and internal and external audit work report as the starting
            point, reviewed and approved the annual report, interim report and quarterly report, and supervised and verified the
            authenticity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the financial report information. The Company reviewed and
            passed the annual, interim and quarterly internal audit plan and work report, the five-year plan for the development
            of internal audit work, the amendments to the constitutional documents of internal audit, the engagement
            of accounting firms and other proposals, heard the external auditor’s audit plan, audit results, management
            recommendations and other reports, timely targeted the problems found in internal audit, strengthened the
            rectification and accountability of internal self-inspection and regulatory concerns, promoted the formation of an
            effective communication mechanism between internal audit and external audit by continuously strengthening the
            communication with internal and external audit. The Company attached great importance to the construction of
            science and technology audit system, carried out special research, fully played an important role in supervising
            operation and management, revealing risks and problems and improving management level and effectively fulfilled
            relevant responsibilities.
            According to “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” (
                                                                                                              《董事會審計
            委員會年報工作規程》          ) adopted by the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
            performed the following duties in preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2022:
            1.     The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2022 and the unaudited
                   financial statements of the Company;
            2.     In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge
                   of annual audit, the Audit Committee reviewed the report on the operation of the Company for 2022,
                   exchanged opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit,
                   reviewed the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues;
            3.     Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed and
                   prepared a resolution on the Company’s Annual Report for 2022 which was submitted to the Board of
                   Directors for consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the
                   Board of Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the
                   audit work of the Company in 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   123
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      are Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.
      The members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are Li
      Chaoxian (Chairman), Wong See Hong and Tian Hongqi (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors) and Su Min
      (a Non-Executive Director). The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      is mainly responsible for inspection, supervision and review of related party transactions of the Company and
      protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
      Main authorities and duties:
      1.     Identify related parties;
      2.     Inspect, supervise and review the major related party transactions and continuing connected transactions,
             and control the risks associated with related party transactions;
      3.     Review the administrative measures on related party transactions, and monitor the establishment and
             improvement of the related party transactions management system of the Company;
      4.     Review the announcements on related party transactions;
      5.     Review the strategies, policies and objectives of the consumer rights protection work;
      6.     Review the report on the consumer rights protection work and the relevant resolution;
      7.     supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the consumer rights protection
             work of the Company, the duty performance of senior management in the protection of consumer rights,
             and the information disclosure of consumer rights protection work;
      8.     Any other task delegated by the Board of Directors.
      In 2022, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
      convened five meetings, namely, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee under the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors convened its 10th meeting (9 March) and the
      11th meeting (26 May). The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors convened its 1st meeting (19 September), the 2nd meeting
      (14 October) and the 3rd meeting (20 December). The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer
      Rights Protection Committee focused on reviewing the fairness of related party transactions, assisting the Board of
      Directors to ensure the legality and compliance of related party transaction management, implementing the relevant
      responsibilities of consumer rights protection according to regulatory requirements and deliberated and passed the
      Related Party Transaction Report for 2021, the List of Related Parties in 2022 and other proposals, reviewed and
      approved the related party transactions between the Company and China Communications Construction Company
      Limited, China Merchants Fund, CMB Wealth Management and other related parties, reviewed and approved the
      “Work Report on Consumer Rights Protection for 2021“, the “Bank-wide Customer Complaint Analysis Report for
      2021“ and other matters, reviewed the regulatory notification document on consumer rights protection and the
      Company’s main consumer rights protection system.



5.6 Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general
      meetings, and effectively oversees the strategic management, financial activities, internal control, risk management,
      legal operation, corporate governance, as well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior
      management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees,
      creditors and other stakeholders.
124   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.6.1 Composition of the Board of Supervisors
            As of the end of the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consists of nine members,
            including three Shareholder Supervisors, three Employee Supervisors and three External Supervisors. The proportion
            of Employee Supervisors and External Supervisors in the members of the Board of Supervisors each meets the
            regulatory requirements. The three Shareholder Supervisors are from large state-owned enterprises where they serve
            important posts and have extensive experiences in business management and professional knowledge in finance
            and accounting; the three Employee Supervisors have long participated in banking operation and management,
            and thus accumulated rich professional experience in finance; and the three External Supervisors have professional
            expertise and rich practical experience in corporate governance, investment management, applied science and other
            areas. Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company have professional ethics and professional competence
            required for their performance of duties which ensures the effective supervision by the Board of Supervisors.
            A Nomination Committee and a Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors.



      5.6.2 How the Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties
            The Board of Supervisors performs its supervisory duties primarily by: holding regular meetings of Board of
            Supervisors and its related special committees, attending shareholders’ general meetings, board meetings and
            its special committee meetings, attending major meetings on operation and management held by the senior
            management, reviewing various documents of the Company, reviewing work reports and specific reports of the
            senior management, conducting opinion exchanges and discussions, carrying out special investigations and surveys
            at domestic and overseas branches of the Company on a collective or separate basis and having talks with Directors
            and the senior management over their duty performance during the year, communicating with external auditors
            regularly, etc. By doing so, the Board of Supervisors comprehensively monitors the development strategy, operation
            and management status, risk management status and internal control and compliance status of the Company as well
            as duty performance of the Directors and the senior management, and puts forward the constructive and targeted
            operation and management advice and supervision opinions.



      5.6.3 Duty performance of the Board of Supervisors during the reporting period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened a total of fourteen meetings, of which five were
            on-site meetings and nine were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions. 37 proposals regarding
            development strategies, business operation, financial activities, internal control, risk management, related party
            transactions, consolidation management, corporate governance, data governance, social responsibilities, anti-
            money laundering work, consumer rights protection, evaluation of the duty performance of Directors, Supervisors
            and senior management and audit on the resignation of senior management were considered, and 20 special
            reports involving implementation of risk appetite, disposal of non-performing assets, capital adequacy ratio, equity
            management, internal audit, prevention and control of crimes, green finance, were delivered or reviewed at those
            meetings.
            During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 shareholders’ general meeting and 8 on-site board meetings.
            Supervisors attended the shareholders’ general meeting and were present at all the on-site board meetings and
            supervised the legitimacy and compliance of convening the shareholders’ general meeting and the board meetings,
            voting procedures, the Directors’ attendance at those meetings, expression of opinions and voting details.
            During the reporting period, all the three External Supervisors were able to perform their supervisory duties
            independently. The External Supervisors discharged their supervisory duties by attending shareholders’ general
            meetings, meetings of the Board of Supervisors, and special committee meetings of the Board of Supervisors,
            participating in shareholders’ general meeting and meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its related special
            committees, participating in the Board of Supervisors’ investigations and surveys conducted at branch level on
            a collective or separate basis, proactively familiarising themselves with the operation and management and the
            implementation of strategies of the Company, and actively participating in studies and reviews on significant
            matters. During the adjournment of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, the
            External Supervisors reviewed various documents and reports of the Company, and exchange opinions with the
            Board of Directors and senior management in respect of the problems concerned in a timely manner, thereby playing
            an active role in enabling the Board of Supervisors to perform their supervisory duties.
            During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company had no objection to each of the supervisory
            matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    125
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


5.6.4 Operation of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors
      The Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Committee are established under the Board of Supervisors, each
      consisting of four Supervisors, and those committees were all chaired by External Supervisors.
      The Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      The members of the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors include Cai Hongping (Chairman), Peng
      Bihong, Zhang Xiang and Cai Jin. The major duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to make proposals
      to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of the Board of Supervisors; to study the standards and
      procedures for the election of Supervisors and propose the same to the Board of Supervisors; to conduct extensive
      searches for qualified candidates for Supervisors; to undertake preliminary examination on the qualifications of
      the candidates for Supervisors nominated by Shareholders and provide relevant recommendations; to supervise
      the procedures for election of Directors; to evaluate the duty performance of the Board of Directors, Board of
      Supervisors and senior management and their members, and submit reports to the Board of Supervisors; to supervise
      whether the remuneration management system, performance-based remuneration recovery mechanism and policies
      of the whole Bank and the remuneration package for its senior management are scientific and reasonable.
      During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Supervisors held a total of three
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the report of the Board of Supervisors on the duty performance of
      the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management in 2021, and reviewed and approved the plan for the change
      of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Supervisors and the List of Candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and
      External Supervisors of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Supervisors.
      The Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
      The members of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors include Xu Zhengjun (Chairman), Luo
      Sheng, Wu Heng and Cao Jian. The major duties of the Supervisory Committee are as follows: to formulate the
      supervisory plans for performance of supervisory duties by the Board of Supervisors; to formulate the supervisory
      plans for financial activities of the Company and conduct relevant examinations; to supervise the adoption by the
      Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value standards and its formulation of suitable development
      strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company; to conduct supervision and assessment on the
      important financial decisions of the Board of Directors and the senior management and their implementations,
      the establishment and improvement of the internal control governance structure and the overall risk management
      governance structure and the division of duties of relevant parties and their duty performance; to formulate the
      specific plans for reviewing the operation decisions, internal control and risk management of the Company under
      the authorisation of the Board of Supervisors when necessary; to formulate the plans for conducting resignation
      audit on Directors, President and other senior management when necessary.
      During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened a total of two
      meetings, at which it reviewed and considered the work plan of the Board of Supervisors for 2022 and the audit
      on the resignation of senior management and other issues. In addition, members of the Supervisory Committee
      under the Board of Supervisors were also present at various on-site meetings convened by the Risk and Capital
      Management Committee and Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. They also reviewed the consideration
      and discussion of the above special committee on the financial decisions, risk management, capital management,
      internal control compliance, internal and external audit and other aspects of the Company, and offered comments
      and suggestions on some of the issues.



5.6.5 Independent opinions from the Board of Supervisors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on the
      financial activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as well as the duty performance of the Board
      of Directors and the senior management of the Company pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic
      of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
      authorities.
126   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Independent opinions on relevant matters from the Board of Supervisors are as follows:
            Lawful Operation
            During the reporting period, the business activities of the Company complied with the Company Law of the People’s
            Republic of China, the Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association
            of the Company, the internal control system was improved, and the decision-making procedures were lawful and
            valid. None of the Directors and senior management of the Company were found to have non-disclosed behaviours
            relating to the violation of relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of Association of the Company or causing
            detriment to the interests of the Company and shareholders when performing their duties.
            Authenticity of Financial Statements
            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu separately audited the
            2022 annual financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
            International Financial Reporting Standards and have separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified
            opinions. The financial reports truthfully, objectively and accurately reflect the financial status and operating results
            of the Company.
            Use of Proceeds
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.
            Purchase and Disposal of Assets
            During the reporting period, the Company was not aware of any insider trading in its acquisition and sale of assets
            which would damage shareholders’ interests or cause loss in the assets of the Company.
            Related Party Transactions
            In terms of the related party transactions during the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of
            any conduct in contravention of the arm’s length basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and its
            shareholders.
            Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders’ General Meeting(s)
            The Board of Supervisors lodged no objections to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board of Directors to
            the shareholders’ general meeting in 2022, supervised the implementation of the resolutions of the shareholder’s
            general meeting(s), and concluded that the Board of Directors had duly implemented relevant resolutions passed at
            the shareholders’ general meeting(s).
            Internal Control
            The Board of Supervisors had reviewed the “Report on Assessment of Internal Control of China Merchants Bank
            Co., Ltd. for 2022”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
            reasonableness and effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company as well as its implementation.



      5.7 Investigations/Surveys and Trainings Conducted by Directors and
          Supervisors during the Reporting Period
            During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company actively organised
            investigations/surveys and training, through which the duty performance, decision-making ability and effectiveness
            of supervision of our Directors and Supervisors continued to improve.
            During the reporting period, all Non-Executive Directors of the Company reviewed the Sharing of ESG Development
            and Practices of Commercial Banks, had an in-depth understanding of the development trend of international ESG
            and financial industry and the advanced practices of ESG of commercial banks, and guided the Company to give full
            play to the leading advantages of ESG of commercial banks and comprehensively improve its own ESG governance
            capacity.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   127
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      During the reporting period, the Directors of the Company participated in relevant trainings or researches according
      to the requirements on duty performance, the contents of which included corporate governance, policies and
      regulations, banking operation and management and compliance in anti-money laundering and sanctions and
      green finance. Independent Non-Executive Directors, Mr. Li Menggang, Mr. Liu Qiao, Mr. Li Chaoxian, and Mr.
      Shi Yongdong have participated in the follow-up training for independent Directors held by Shanghai Stock
      Exchange, and systematically studied the supervision of information disclosure of listed companies, research on
      accounting issues, interpretation of laws, regulations and latest policies and other subjects. The above researches
      and trainings helped improve the duty performance of the Directors, ensured that the Directors were fully aware of
      the information required for duty performance and continued to make contributions to the Board of Directors of the
      Company.
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company coordinated and dynamically adjusted the
      research arrangement, and conducted four domestic collective investigations, involving six branches and sub-
      branches. The investigation adhered to the problem-oriented approach and, by digging deep into the weak links
      and shortcomings of branches and sub-branches in operation management, risk prevention and control, internal
      control and compliance, etc., assisted the branches and sub-branches in finding out problems and causes from their
      roots. Also, specific supervisory opinions and suggestions have been put forward in terms of strengthening Party
      building and primary-level Party organisation construction, implementing the Headquarter strategies, upholding
      core values, improving risk management as well as internal control and compliance management, and fulfilling
      social responsibilities. Through the “Work Summary of the Board of Supervisors (《監事會工作要情》         )”, the Board of
      Supervisors conveyed the actual status of the branches and their appeals and suggestions to the Head Office to the
      Board of Directors and senior management, established and improved the tracking and supervision mechanism, and
      proposed targeted solutions for individual problems, and for universal and common problems, drew inferences from
      one instance, advanced work in all areas by using the experience gained on key points for reference, promoted the
      whole bank to solve the problems from the system and mechanism, forming a closed loop of “discovering problems,
      analysing problems, and solving problems”.
      During the reporting period, all Supervisors of the Company participated in online training of “Anti-Money
      Laundering and Sanctions Compliance” in accordance with regulatory requirements, systematically studied the
      latest classification and rating results of the Company, the implementation of institutional money laundering risk
      assessments, interpretations of new trends and new regulations for sanctions compliance and comprehensive anti-
      money laundering law enforcement inspection and rectification. They deepened the understanding of the Board of
      Supervisors on money laundering risk of the Company and the implementation of anti-money laundering efforts,
      and further improved the capacity of the Board of Supervisors for performing their supervision duties in anti-money
      laundering and sanctions compliance. The Board of Supervisors of the Company was present at the meeting of Non-
      Executive Directors and listened to a report themed “Sharing of ESG Development and Practices of Commercial
      Banks” to understand the international ESG development trends and learn ESG practices of our industry peers, so
      as to gain an in-depth understanding of the current status of ESG management of the Company, and systematically
      enhance the professional capability of the Board of Supervisors in the field of ESG. The Chairman of the Board of
      Supervisors of the Company participated in the first training course for the chairmen of the board of supervisors
      held by the China Association of Listed Companies. By learning lessons from typical cases of violations of laws and
      regulations, the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors strengthened the study of legal responsibilities of supervisors
      and key points for performing duties, strengthened the expertise of the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, and
      enhanced the ability of the Board of Supervisors for performing duties.



5.8 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules
      During the reporting period, Mr. Wang Liang and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external
      services provider, were the joint company secretaries of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Wang
      Liang is the major contact person of the Company on internal issues.
      During the reporting period, Mr. Wang Liang and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
      trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules.
128   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      5.9 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
            During the reporting period, the Company revised the Articles of Association. For details of the revised contents,
            please refer to the 2021 Annual General Meeting documents, shareholders’ circulars and relevant announcements
            published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
            Limited and the Company. At present, the revised Articles of Association of the Company are subject to approval by
            the CBIRC.



      5.10 Communication with Shareholders
            The Company attaches great importance to communication with its shareholders, and has established an effective
            communication mechanism with investors. The Board of Directors has always adhered to strict compliance with
            regulatory requirements, performed the obligation to disclose information in compliance with the law, further
            enriched the information disclosed in regular reports and made efforts to improve the quality of the disclosed
            information of China Merchants Bank to satisfy demand of investors. Through the Company’s official website,
            investors’ mailbox, hotline and “SSE E-interaction” platform, the Company provided communication channels
            for investors in the form of shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, results road shows, investor research,
            securities analyst research, etc., which fully satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts at home and abroad to
            communicate with the Company.
            The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the implementation of shareholder communication policies
            such as investor relations management and information disclosure during the reporting period of the Company,
            and believes that the above work of the Company is positive and effective. As of the end of the reporting period,
            the valuation of the Company’s A+H shares remained to be among the top in the domestic banking industry. The
            Company has obtained the highest rating of A in the annual information disclosure evaluation of listed companies
            on Shanghai Stock Exchange for the ninth consecutive year.

            Investor relations
            During the reporting period, the Company held one annual general meeting in the form of on-site + webcast, held
            one annual results press conference, one interim results exchange meeting and two quarterly results exchange
            meetings through webcast; more than 8,000 institutional investors, analysts and media reporters at home and
            abroad participated in the annual results press conference, representing a record high in the number of participants.
            At the exchange meeting, the Chairman and senior management elaborated on the Company strategic direction, the
            three capacity building of “wealth management, Fintech and risk management”, dynamically balanced development
            of “Quality, Efficiency and Scale”, and responded to the market doubts directly, reiterating that the Company has
            always adhered to the “three unchanged” principle, namely, to keep the President assuming full responsibility under
            the leadership of the Board of Directors unchanged, to keep the market-oriented incentive and restraint mechanism
            unchanged, and to keep the stability of the management team and talents unchanged, and will maintain strategic
            determination and stable operating results. At the same time, they gave detailed answers to other market and media
            concerns such as the impact of the real estate risk, decline in the net interest margin and the fee and commission
            income from retail wealth management of the Company, ESG progress and other matters, and the market response
            was positive. The Company released the records of investor exchanges on its official website in a timely manner
            after the meeting. In addition, following the release of 2021 annual results, senior management led the team to
            conduct road shows, conducted 32 meetings with institutional investors of A Shares and H Shares of the Company,
            and promoted the Company’s performance highlights, long-term strategy and investment value to 109 leading
            investment institutions.
            During the reporting period, the Company participated in investment strategy meetings held by a total of 41
            investment banks and securities companies. The Company received 97 online researches of securities analysts
            and investors and met with more than 1,400 institutional investors. In response to the senior management
            change, the Company took the initiative to organise more than 100 telephone and video conferences from April
            to November 2022, and communicated with more than 500 investment institutions, involving more than 1,200
            institutional investors and analysts. The Company also answered hundreds of phone calls from our investors and
            processed hundreds of messages from our investors on the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, and “SSE
            E-interaction” platform.
            The Company has recorded the above-mentioned investor reception and communication activities in accordance
            with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept the relevant documents.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    129
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Information disclosure
      During the reporting period, keeping up with the changes of external regulations and taking daily work practices
      into consideration, the Company comprehensively revised the “Management System for Information Disclosure
      of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the “Management System for Inside Information and Insiders of China
      Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”, which specified and improved the contents regarding information disclosure obligor,
      insider information and insider, sensitive period range for securities trading, basic principles to be followed in
      fulfilling information disclosure obligations and carrying out investor relations management, as well as duties of the
      Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors on information disclosure, providing a solid institutional guarantee for
      improving the quality of information disclosure compliance management. During the reporting period, according to
      the regulatory rules, the Company continues to strengthen the management of insider information and insiders, and
      timely organises the registration of insider information archives.
      During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with statutory obligations of information disclosure,
      and disclosed all major information truthfully, accurately, completely, and timely on Shanghai Stock Exchange and
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company further took initiative to improve the transparency of information
      disclosure. The Company optimised the disclosure of non-interest income in the periodic report to better
      demonstrate the operational effectiveness of extensive wealth management business model. The Company continued
      to strengthen the disclosure of hot market issues, especially for key information the investors particularly concerned
      about such as the risk control of the real estate and retail credit business, which have been analysed in the form of
      special topics. The Company reconstructed the disclosure structure of ESG chapters, and increased the disclosure
      of information about ESG rating, serving the real economy and improving the accessibility of financial services, and
      continuously upgraded the production of visual annual report to provide better reading experience to investors.



      Investor inquiries
      Office of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank
      Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
      Tel: +86 755 8319 8888 (Transfer to the investor relations management team of the Office of the Board of
      Directors)
      Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
      Investors may login onto the page of “CMB Info – Investor Relations – Contact Us” on the Company’s official
      website (www.cmbchina.com) and click the URL link “Email” thereon to leave a message for us.



5.11 Shareholders’ Rights
      Convening of extraordinary shareholders’ general meetings
      An extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors upon request in writing
      by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares at such meeting.
      The Board of Directors shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
      of the Company, provide a written reply of approval or disapproval for convening an extraordinary shareholders’
      general meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request. If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an
      extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the
      approval for a resolution from the Board of Directors.
      If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting or fails to
      make a reply within 10 days after receiving the request, the proposers are entitled to propose to the Board of
      Supervisors in writing to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting. If the Board of Supervisors agrees
      to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days
      upon receiving the request. If the Board of Supervisors fails to give such notice of the meeting within the specified
      timeframe, the shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares for more
      than 90 consecutive days may convene and preside over an extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting on their
      own.
130   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Making interim proposals at the shareholders’ general meetings
            If the Company convenes a shareholders’ general meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 3%
            of the total issued voting shares of the Company may submit interim proposals in writing to the Company at least
            15 working days before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and submit the same to the convenor.
            The convenor shall issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting within 2 business days upon
            receiving the interim proposals, and announce the contents of such proposals.
            Please refer to section 1.1.4 in Chapter I “Company Information” for the relevant contact details of making interim
            proposals to the shareholders’ general meetings.



            Convening of extraordinary board meeting
            An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of
            the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within 10 days upon receiving such
            proposal requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of the voting rights.



            Making inquiries and suggestions to the Board of Directors
            Shareholders are entitled to review the information on the Company in accordance with the provisions of the
            Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
            of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, on condition that the identity of whom has been verified by the
            Company. For shareholders who need to access relevant information on the Company or have any enquiries about
            their shareholdings in the Company, please refer to sections 1.1.4 and 1.1.9 in Chapter I “Company Information”
            for details of the relevant contacts.
            Shareholders are entitled to supervise the operation of the Company and put forward suggestions or inquiries on it,
            please refer to Chapter V “Investor Inquiries” for details of the relevant contacts.



            Special provisions on rights of holders of preference shares
            In the event of any of the following circumstances, the Company shall notify the preference shareholders of the
            convening of a shareholders’ general meeting and follow the procedures for notifying the ordinary shareholders set
            forth in the Articles of Association of the Company. The preference shareholders of the Company shall be entitled
            to attend the shareholders’ general meeting and vote with ordinary shareholders on the following matters: (1)
            amendments to the Articles of Association in relation to preference shares; (2) reduction of the registered capital
            of the Company by more than 10% at one time or in the aggregate; (3) merger, division, dissolution or change of
            corporate form of the Company; (4) issuance of preference shares; and (5) other circumstances as specified by laws,
            administrative regulations or the Articles of Association.
            If the Company fails to pay dividends on preference shares as agreed for a total of three fiscal years or two
            consecutive fiscal years, the voting rights of the preference shareholders shall be restored, and the preference
            shareholders shall have the right to attend the shareholders’ general meeting and vote with ordinary shareholders
            from the day following the date on which the shareholders’ general meeting resolves not to distribute the dividends
            of the preference shares as agreed for that year. The voting rights of the aforesaid preference shareholders shall
            remain in effect until such time as the Company pays the dividends in full for that year.



            Other rights
            The ordinary shareholders of the Company are entitled to receive distributable profits and other forms of profit
            appropriation based on their shareholdings. The preference shareholders of the Company are entitled to preferential
            profit appropriation.
            Other rights conferred by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                131
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.12 Profit Appropriation
5.12.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2022
      Ten percent of the audited net profit of the Company for 2022 of RMB128.484 billion, equivalent to RMB12.848
      billion, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the balance of the end-of-period assets with
      the Company bearing risks and losses, equivalent to RMB15.025 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve. As
      at the end of 2022, 2.5% of the Company’s mutual fund custody fee income, equivalent to RMB264 million, was
      appropriated to the risk reserve for the mutual fund custody business. Based on the total share capital of A Shares
      and H Shares on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare
      a cash dividend of RMB1.738 (tax included) for every share to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear
      on the register, denominated and declared in Renminbi, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares and in Hong
      Kong Dollars for holders of H Shares. The actual appropriations amount in HKD would be calculated based on the
      average RMB/HKD benchmark rate to be released by the People’s Bank of China for the previous week (including the
      day of the shareholders’ general meeting) before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The retained profits
      will be carried forward to the next year. In 2022, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve into share capital.
      The above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of
      the Company.
      For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
      the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2022 Annual General
      Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2022, the Company will make further
      announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
      Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2023.



5.12.2 Profit appropriation of the Company for the last three years
                                                                                                                   Net profit       Proportion of
                                                                                                                 attributable       cash dividend
                                                                   Number of                                       to holders        to net profit
                                                                         shares                                   of ordinary         attributable
                                                                     issued on                                  shares in the           to holders
                                                                 capitalisation             Total cash          consolidated           of ordinary
                       Number of           Cash dividend             of surplus              dividends               financial       shares in the
                     bonus shares               for every          reserve for            (inclusive of           statements         consolidated
                   for every share             share held          every share                   tax, in         for the year             financial
                              held           (inclusive of                 held                millions       (in millions of          statements
      Year         (No. of shares)          tax, in RMB)        (No. of shares)                of RMB)                  RMB)                   (%)
      2020                            –               1.253                        –             31,601                95,691                      33.02
      2021                            –               1.522                        –             38,385               116,309                      33.00
      2022(Note)                      –               1.738                        –             43,832               132,775                      33.01

      Note:   The profit appropriation plan for 2022 is subject to consideration and approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
132   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      5.12.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies
            1.     As specified in the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the profit appropriation policies
                   of the ordinary shares of the Company are:
                   (1)    Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of the investors,
                          and such policies shall maintain continuity and stability.
                   (2)    The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and
                          it shall distribute dividends mainly in cash. Subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations
                          and the requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as
                          the requirements of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial
                          investment, merger and acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the
                          Company to shareholders of ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the
                          net profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the
                          PRC accounting standards for that year. The Company may pay interim cash dividend. Unless another
                          resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors shall be authorised
                          by the shareholders at a shareholders’ general meeting to approve the interim profit appropriation
                          plan.
                   (3)    If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did
                          not make any cash profit appropriation proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the
                          Company shall state the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in
                          the periodic report and the Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard.
                   (4)    If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the
                          size of the share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the
                          Board of Directors may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the
                          same upon consideration and approval at a shareholders’ general meeting, provided that the above-
                          mentioned cash profit appropriation requirements are satisfied.
                   (5)    The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed
                          domestically and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall
                          pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and
                          declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong Dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company
                          for payment of cash dividends and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall
                          be handled according to the relevant requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State.
                   (6)    Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                          has been identified, the Company shall make a deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to
                          such shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated.
                   (7)    The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other
                          relevant matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.
            2.     During the reporting period, the profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2021 was implemented
                   in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank
                   Co., Ltd. It was considered and approved by the 37th meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of
                   Directors of the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2021 Annual General
                   Meeting. The minority shareholders were afforded opportunities to fully express their views and requests.
                   The criteria and proportion of cash dividend were clear and specific, and the Board of Directors of the
                   Company has implemented the profit appropriation plan. The profit appropriation plan of the Company
                   and its implementation have provided adequate protection for the legitimate rights and interests of
                   minority investors. The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2022 will also be implemented in strict
                   accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd..
                   It will be considered and approved by the 15th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of
                   the Company and submitted for consideration and approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the
                   Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have expressed their independent opinions on the
                   profit appropriation plans for 2021 and 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    133
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.13 Taxes and Tax Deductions
      The shareholders of the Company paid relevant taxes according to the following regulations and the tax laws
      updated from time to time, enjoyed possible tax deductions as the case may be, and shall consult with its
      professional tax and legal consultants for specific payment affairs. The laws, regulations, and rules cited as follows
      are relevant provisions promulgated as of 31 December 2022.



      A-share shareholders
      For natural person shareholders and securities investment fund shareholders holding the Company’s A shares,
      according to relevant provisions of the Notice on the Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Policies for
      Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from Listed Companies (關於實施
      上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2012] No.85) and the Notice on the Issues
      Concerning the Policies for Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from
      Listed Companies (關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) (Cai Shui [2015] No.101), if the
      holding period is within one month (including one month), the full amount of dividends and bonuses shall be
      included in the taxable income, and the actual tax burden is 20%; if the holding period is from 1 month to 1 year
      (including 1 year), 50% of the dividends and bonuses shall be included in the taxable income, and the actual tax
      burden is 10%; if the holding period exceeds one year, the dividends and bonuses shall be temporarily exempted
      from individual income tax.
      For qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders who hold the Company’s A shares, the Company shall,
      in accordance with the provisions as set forth in the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
      Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企
      業向QFII支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47), the Company
      shall withhold and pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10%. If qualified foreign institutional investor
      (QFII) shareholders are involved in enjoying tax treaty (arrangement) treatment, the withholding of enterprise
      income tax shall be implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on
      Administrative Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to be Entitled to Benefits under Tax Treaty (國家稅務總局關於
      發佈〈非居民納稅人享受協定待遇管理辦法〉的公告) (State Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019)
      and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for
      Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (關於中國居民企業向QFII支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所
      得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47).
      For investors (including enterprises and individuals) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK) investing
      in the Company’s A shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (referred to as Northbound Trading , according to
      the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (關於滬港
      股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知) (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), the dividends and bonuses shall be
      distributed in RMB by the Company through China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai
      Branch to the account of the nominal holder of A shares. The Company will withhold income tax at the tax rate of
      10% and apply to the competent taxation authority for withholding declaration. For Northbound Trading investors
      who are tax residents of other countries or regions and the income tax rate for dividends and bonuses is lower than
      10% as stipulated in the tax treaty signed between its domicile country or region and China, the withholding of
      enterprise income tax shall be implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of
      Taxation on Administrative Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to Enjoy Treaty Benefits under Tax Treaty (State
      Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot
      Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81).
      For other A-share shareholders (including institutional investors) who are resident enterprises under the Law of the
      People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the income tax shall be declared and paid by themselves.
134   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            H-share shareholders
            According to relevant provisions of the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual
            Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (關於國稅發[1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管
            問題的通知) (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
            Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Distribution of Dividends to H-share Shareholders Who Are Foreign Non-
            resident Enterprises (關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知) (Guo
            Shui Han [2008] No.897), the Company withholds dividend income tax at the tax rate of 10% for individual and
            enterprise shareholders of the Company’s H shares. However, if otherwise set forth in relevant tax laws, regulations,
            and treaties, the Company shall handle specifically in accordance with the collection and administration requirements
            of the taxation authorities.
            For investors investing in the Company’s H shares through Southbound Trading, according to the relevant
            requirements of the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong
            Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the
            Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127), the Company shall withhold individual income tax
            at the tax rate of 20% for dividends received by individual investors in the Chinese mainland from investing in the
            Company’s H shares through Southbound Trading; dividends received by securities investment funds in the Chinese
            mainland from investing in the Company’s H shares through Southbound Trading shall be taxed as individual
            investors; the Company will not withhold income tax on dividends for corporate investors in the Chinese mainland,
            and the tax payable shall be declared and paid by the relevant enterprises themselves.



            Shareholders of domestic preferred shares
            The individual income tax payment matters related to the dividends of domestic preferred shares obtained by
            individuals through non-public issuance shall be handled in accordance with relevant taxation laws and regulations
            of China.
            According to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and the Regulations for
            Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax, the dividend income of domestic preferred shares among
            eligible resident enterprises shall be tax-free income, and the dividend income of domestic preferred shares obtained
            by non-resident enterprises shall be tax-deductible. The enterprise income tax shall be levied at the tax rate of 10%.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                  135
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.14 Information on Employees
         As of 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 112,999 employees35 (including dispatched employees).
         The classification of the Group’s employees by gender is: 48,939 males and 64,060 females, with a relatively
         balanced gender ratio.
         The classification of the Group’s employees by profession is: 18,746 employees in corporate finance, 51,526
         employees in retail finance, 6,495 employees in risk management, 16,478 employees in operation and management,
         10,846 employees in research and development, 1,000 employees in administrative and logistics support and 7,908
         employees in comprehensive management.
         The classification of the Group’s employees by educational background is: 25,546 employees with master’s degrees
         and above, 72,346 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 15,107 employees with junior college degrees or below.
         The distribution of the Group’s employees by regions is: 28,555 employees in the Yangtze River Delta, 13,941
         employees in the Bohai Rim, 35,289 employees in the Pearl River Delta and the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
         Zone, 5,114 employees in the Northeast, 11,691 employees in the Central, 15,332 employees in the West and 3,077
         employees outside the Chinese mainland.
         The classification of the Group’s employees in research and development by educational background is: 4,987
         employees with master’s degrees or above, 5,739 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 120 employees with junior
         college degrees or below. The age structure is as follows: 6,379 employees aged 30 and below, 3,665 employees
         aged 30-40 (excluding 30, but including 40), 685 employees aged 40-50 (excluding 40, but including 50) and 117
         employees aged 50-60 (excluding 50, but including 60).
         The Company is committed to eliminating gender discrimination in recruitment. In terms of remuneration
         management, the Company adheres to the principle of equal remuneration and benefits for each gender, and
         provides employees with equal training and career development opportunities. For details, please refer to 4.3.6
         “Human Resources Development” in this report. The Company will continue to take steps to promote diversity
         among employees at all levels.



         Staff remuneration policy and training
         The remuneration policy of the Company is consistent with the business objectives, cultural concepts and value
         orientation, with the goal of “improving the market-oriented remuneration incentive and constraint mechanism,
         serving the strategy and business development and fully mobilising the enthusiasm of the team”, following the
         remuneration management principle of “strategic orientation, risk constraint, efficiency priority, fairness and
         market adaptation”, and adhering to the remuneration payment concept of “get more pay for more work in
         a flexible way”. In order to mitigate various operational and management risks, the Company has established
         relevant mechanisms for deferred payment of remuneration and performance remuneration recovery and deduction
         according to regulatory requirements and operational management needs.
         During the reporting period, the Company implemented the performance remuneration recovery and deduction
         against 2,876 people, with the performance remuneration recovery and deduction amount of RMB58.24 million.
         The Company has established a multi-level, professional and digital talent training system, and adopts a diversified
         training method that combines online and offline training. The contents of training mainly focus on knowledge of
         its business and products, professional ethics and security, cultural values and leadership, covering employees’ needs
         for career growth at different levels.
         For details of the Company’s human resources development, please refer to section 4.3.6 “Human Resources
         Development” in this report.




35
     Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital and its
     subsidiaries, CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, CIGNA & CMAM, MUCFC, CMB
     Network Technology and CMB YunChuang.
136   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      5.15 Organisational Structure of the Company
                                                                     Office of the Board of Directors


                                                                      Office of Board of Supervisors


                                                                              General Office                         Consumer Rights Protection Centre (Customer Service Centre)#


                                                                      Human Resources Department


                                                                              Fintech Office


                                                             Assets and Liabilities Management Department                       Investment Management Department#


                                                                    Financial Accounting Department                           Overseas Branch Management Department#


                                                                   General Office of Corporate Finance


                                                                    Strategic Customers Department


                                                                   Institutional Customers Department                               Pension Finance Department#


                                                                    Financial Institutions Department


                                                                    Transaction Banking Department


                                                                   Cross-border Financing Department                                  Offshore Finance Centre#


                                                                      Inclusive Finance Department


                                                        General Office of Investment Banking and Financial Markets




                                         Head Office
                                                                     Investment Banking Department


                                                                        Capital Operation Centre




                  China Merchants Bank
                                                                     Asset Management Department


                                                                       Asset Custody Department




                                         Branches
                                                                       Bills Business Department*


                                                                       Bill Brokerage Department*


                                                                     General Office of Retail Finance




                                         Sub-branches
                                                               Wealth Management Platform Department                              Network Operation Service Centre#


                                                                       Private Banking Department


                                                                    Retail Credit Business Department                                Consumer Finance Centre#


                                                                           Credit Card Centre                                 Operational Risk Management Department#


                                                                     Risk Management Department                                 Market Risk Management Department#


                                                                       Credit Approval Department


                                                                        Asset Security Department


                                                                  Operation Management Department                                         Operation Centre#


                                                                   Information Technology Department                                Retail Application R&D Centre#


                                                                            Audit Department                                     Wholesale Application R&D Centre#


                                                                                                                                     Infrastructure R&D Centre#
                                                                         Inspection Department

                                                                                                                                Data Asset and Platform R&D Centre#
                                                                      Legal Compliance Department
                                                                                                                                           Testing Centre#
                                                                         CMB Research Institute
                                                                                                                                         Cloud Data Centre#

                                                                             Training Centre
                                                                                                                                        Security Department#

                                                                       Office of the Labour Union
                                                                                                                                     Anti-money Laundering and
                                                                                                                              Sanction Compliance Management Centre#

                                                                       Administration Department
                                                                                                                               Procurement Management Department#


                                                             Representative Offices (United States and Taipei)                    Project Management Department#

                                                                                                                          Note：#secondary department
                                                                                                                               *independent secondary department
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                               137
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.16 Head Office and Branches and Representative Offices
                                                                                                            Asset scale
                                                                                                  No. of   (in millions
      Region                Name of branch       Business address                               branches       of RMB)
      Head Office           Head Office          7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,             1     2,988,598
                                                   Shenzhen
                            Credit Card Centre   686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New District,                1       845,150
                                                   Shanghai
                            Capital Operation    Floor 6, Building 2, No. 1088, Lujiazui Ring         1       821,739
                              Centre               Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
      Yangtze River Delta   Shanghai Branch      1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New                103       383,565
                                                   District, Shanghai
                            Shanghai Pilot       56 Bohang Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot               1        11,191
                              Free Trade Zone      Free Trade Zone
                              Branch
                            Nanjing Branch       199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing           84       255,642
                            Hangzhou Branch      300 Fuchun Road, Shangcheng District,               73       264,468
                                                   Hangzhou
                            Ningbo Branch        342 Min’ an East Road, Ningbo                       34        93,204
                            Suzhou Branch        36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park,                34       150,113
                                                   Suzhou
                            Wuxi Branch          6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu            21        66,181
                                                   District, Wuxi
                            Wenzhou Branch       Block 2, 4, 5, Hongshengjin Garden,                 15        38,839
                                                   Wuqiao Avenue, Lucheng District,
                                                   Wenzhou
                            Nantong Branch       111 Gongnong Road, Nantong                          17        42,016
      Bohai Rim             Beijing Branch      156 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District,          125       455,473
                                                  Beijing
                            Qingdao Branch      65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao            54        72,447
                            Tianjin Branch      255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road,               43       103,952
                                                  Hexi District, Tianjin
                            Jinan Branch        Building 1, District 4, No. 7000, Jingshi            61       123,871
                                                  Road, High-tech Zone, Jinan
                            Yantai Branch       66 Zhujiang Road, Economic &                         17        28,581
                                                  Technological Development Area, Yantai
                            Shijiazhuang Branch 172 Zhonghua South Street, Shijiazhuang              18        31,906
                            Tangshan Branch     45 Beixinxi Road, Lubei District, Tangshan           11        11,165
      Pearl River Delta     Guangzhou Branch     5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou           73       239,577
        and the Western     Shenzhen Branch      2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,           123       513,739
        Taiwan Straits                             Shenzhen
        Economic Zone       Fuzhou Branch        316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard, Fuzhou                 38        79,341
                            Xiamen Branch        18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District,               31        73,934
                                                   Xiamen
                            Quanzhou Branch      180 Jiangbin North Road, Fengze Street,             17        30,614
                                                   Quanzhou
                            Dongguan Branch      200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District,                 28        71,453
                                                   Dongguan
                            Foshan Branch        12 Denghu Road East, Guicheng Street,               35        77,744
                                                   Nanhai District, Foshan
      Northeast             Shenyang Branch      12 Shiyiwei Road, Heping District, Shenyang         51        49,751
                            Dalian Branch        17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian          36        51,123
                            Harbin Branch        3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin          39        44,566
                            Changchun Branch     9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District,               24        25,192
                                                   Changchun
138   China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                                 Asset scale
                                                                                                       No. of   (in millions
            Region               Name of branch       Business address                               branches       of RMB)
            Central              Wuhan Branch         188 Yunxia Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan          103       195,751
                                 Nanchang Branch      1111 Huizhan Road, Honggutan District,              53       105,989
                                                        Nanchang
                                 Changsha Branch      39 Chazishan East Road, Yuelu District,             48        86,679
                                                        Changsha
                                 Hefei Branch         169 Funan Road, Hefei                               40        83,338
                                 Zhengzhou Branch     96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                      51        99,845
                                 Taiyuan Branch       265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian                   24        36,556
                                                        District, Taiyuan
                                 Haikou Branch        Building C, Haian Yihao, 1 Shimao Road              10        28,644
                                                        North, Haikou
            West                 Chengdu Branch       No. 1, the 3rd section of Renmin Road               59       109,013
                                                        South, Wuhou District, Chengdu
                                 Lanzhou Branch       9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District,                25        40,030
                                                        Lanzhou
                                 Xi’an Branch         1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Xi’an                           70       129,326
                                 Chongqing Branch     88 Xingguang Road, New North District,              52       123,137
                                                        Chongqing
                                 Urumchi Branch       2 Huanghe Road, Urumchi                             16        31,182
                                 Kunming Branch       1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District,                  55        68,688
                                                        Kunming
                                 Hohhot Branch        9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District,               24        35,264
                                                        Hohhot
                                 Nanning Branch       No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,            20        37,616
                                                        Nanning
                                 Guiyang Branch       West 2nd Tower, International Finance               17        29,900
                                                        Centre, Guanshanhu District, Guiyang
                                 Yinchuan Branch      138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District,            15        16,974
                                                        Yinchuan
                                 Xining Branch        4 Xinning Road, Chengxi District, Xining            11        11,636
            Overseas             Hong Kong Branch     31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught             1       117,125
                                                        Place, Central, Hong Kong
                                 USA Representative   535 Madison Avenue,18th Floor, New York,             1               /
                                   Office               U.S.A
                                 New York Branch      535 Madison Avenue,18th Floor, New York,             1        28,937
                                                        U.S.A
                                 Singapore Branch     1 Raffles Place, Tower2, #32-61, Singapore           1        12,032
                                 Taipei               333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District,         1             /
                                   Representative       Taipei
                                   Office
                                 Luxembourg Branch 20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg                  1        13,621
                                 London Branch     18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                   1         9,712
                                 Sydney Branch     L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW                   1        14,426
            Total                /                    /                                                 1,910    9,510,556
China Merchants Bank         Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                   139
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.17 Internal Control
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to conduct educational program in respect of compliance,
      case study and code of conduct while constantly strengthening employees’ awareness of risks, compliance, policies
      and overall landscapes, actively carried out the theme activity of “compliance culture publicity season”, vigorously
      promoted the concept of compliance, continuously promoted the professional ethics of integrity, compliance and
      discipline and actively built a compliance culture of “not allowed to violate, daring not to violate and unwilling to
      violate”. The Company further strengthened the internal supervision and inspection work, orderly promoted the
      on-site joint inspection, further promoted the opening and sharing of the audit Eagle Eye system to the business
      departments and branches of the Head Office, organised the business lines and branches to make full use of the
      data model, audio and video, business image system and other inspection tools, continuously increased the strength
      of off-site inspection and data verification and earnestly performed their business supervision responsibilities.
      In addition, the Company fully implemented the rectification work of the problems found in the internal and
      external inspection and effectively guaranteed the compliance operation and stable development of the Company’s
      businesses.
      The Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the whole Bank in 2022. As
      reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant defects in terms of completeness, reasonableness
      and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details, please refer to the “Report
      of evaluation on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2022”, and the “Auditors’ Report on
      Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2022” issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
      Accountants LLP with standard unqualified opinions.



5.18 Internal Audit
      The Company implements an independent and vertical internal audit management system. The Board of Directors
      shall take the ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of the internal audit, review and
      approve the internal audit charter, audit organisation system, medium- and long-term audit plan and annual audit
      plan, appoint the head of the Audit Department, provide necessary guarantee for the independent and objective
      implementation of internal audit and assess the independence and effectiveness of internal audit. The Head Office
      has set up an Audit Department to undertake specific internal audit responsibilities, accept the leadership of the
      Head Office Party Committee, be responsible for and report to the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee
      and accept the guidance of the Board of Supervisors. The Head Office Audit Department has nine audit divisions
      to strengthen the continuous audit and rectification follow-up of regional branches and institutions. The Head
      Office Audit Department has set up nine teams to increase support and guidance to the audit division and four
      corresponding audit teams to strengthen the audit of Head Office departments, overseas institutions, anti-money
      laundering work, credit card business, etc.
      During the reporting period, the Company revised the Internal Audit Articles of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. to
      further strengthen internal control and risk management, and regulate internal audit work. The Company focused
      on the implementation of national economic and financial policies, followed the key points of strategy, risk and
      supervision, adhered to the value and problem orientation, carried out audit inspection around serving the real
      economy, green finance, inclusive finance and other aspects, prevented risks, promoted rectification, consolidated
      the foundation, promoted the construction of digital audit, strengthened audit rectification and effectively promoted
      the steady development of bank-wide operation and management.



5.19 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
      The Company has applied the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the
      Hong Kong Listing Rules to its corporate governance structure and practices, and the application of such principles
      is set out in this report. During the reporting period, the Company had complied with the principles and code
      provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and adhered to the majority of the recommended best practices
      thereunder.
140   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Business starts,
      companionship lasts
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                    141
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Important Events

6.1 Principal Business Activities
       The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.



6.2 Financial Highlights
       Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.



6.3 Reserve Available for Distribution
       For details of changes in the reserve available for distribution of the Company, please refer to the “Statement of
       Changes in Equity” in the financial statements.



6.4 Fixed Assets
       Changes in fixed assets of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are detailed in Note 28 to the
       financial statements.



6.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company
       Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
       during the reporting period.



6.6 Pre-emptive Rights
       There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company and the shareholders
       of the Company have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.



6.7 Retirement and Welfare
       Details about retirement welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the financial
       statements.



6.8 Principal Customers
       As at the end of the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company
       did not exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
142   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      6.9 Compliance with Laws and Regulations
             During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
             regulations that would have a material impact on the operations of the Company.



      6.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
           the Company
             During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
             compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.



      6.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
           Supervisors and Senior Management
             Save as disclosed herein, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial, business, kinship or other
             material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



      6.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
           Supervisors
             During the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in contracts of
             significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. None of the Directors and Supervisors of
             the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company
             within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).



      6.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,
           Supervisors or Senior Management
             During the reporting period, the Company was not subject to criminal investigations for suspected crimes. The
             Company, its Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were not subject to criminal punishment, or
             subject to investigations by the CSRC or administrative punishment by the CSRC for suspected violations of laws
             and regulations, or subject to administrative punishments by other competent authorities that have major impact
             on the operation of the Company. In April 2022, Tian Huiyu, the former Secretary to the Party Committee, the
             former Director and the former President of the Company, who was under the disciplinary review and investigation
             by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection and the National Supervisory Commission (中央紀委國家監
             委) for suspected serious violations of discipline and law. In October 2022, Tian Huiyu was dismissed from the
             Communist Party of China and public office and arrested according to law, for which the People’s Procuratorate has
             filed a public prosecution with the People’s Court currently. In addition, none of the other Directors, Supervisors
             and senior management members of the Company were subject to compulsory measures in accordance with the
             law for suspected crimes, or subject to detention by the disciplinary inspection and supervision authorities for
             suspected serious violations of laws and regulations or duty-related crimes that affected the performance of their
             duties, or subject to compulsory measures taken by other competent authorities for suspected violations of laws and
             regulations that affected the performance of their duties.



      6.14 Explanation on the Integrity of the Company
             During the reporting period, there were no circumstances where the Company failed to fulfill any obligation under
             effective court judgements or repay any due debt of a significant amount.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                        143
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



6.15 Undertakings
         In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
         Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船股份有限公司) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
         Navigation Co., Ltd. (招商局輪船有限公司)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
         Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
         terms more favourable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of
         the loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company.
         Upon expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until
         they obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification of
         transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting
         of the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
         impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
         Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above
         shareholders had not violated the aforesaid undertakings.
         According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
         Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
         Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting, and formulated the remedial measures in respect of the dilution
         of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance of preference
         shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also undertook to earnestly implement
         the remedial measures. For details, please refer to the documents of the 2016 Annual General Meeting of the
         Company published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
         and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, neither the Company nor
         its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid undertakings.



6.16 Significant Connected Transactions36
6.16.1 Overview of Connected Transactions
         Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, a majority of continuing connected transactions of the
         Company met de minimis exemption and the non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the relevant
         reporting and announcement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
         During the reporting period, there were 2 non-exempt connected transaction projects approved by the Board of
         Directors of the Company, namely:
         At the 6th Meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Proposal on the
         Integration of CMB Wing Lung Insurance and China Merchants Insurance was reviewed and approved. For details,
         please refer to the relevant announcement of the Company dated on 28 September 2022.
         At the 9th Meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Proposal on the Annual
         Caps for Continuing Connected Transactions with CMFM from 2023 to 2025 was reviewed and approved, agreeing
         to grant the annual caps of RMB1.5 billion, RMB1.8 billion, RMB2.2 billion for the continuing connected transactions
         with CMFM and its holding subsidiaries and associates from 2023 to 2025, respectively. For details, please refer to
         the relevant announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.




36
     Both “connected transactions” and “connected parties” in this section are terms used in Hong Kong Listing Rules.
144   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      6.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions
             As at the end of the reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45%
             of the equity interest in CMFM, respectively. Therefore, in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, CMFM and
             its associates (“CMFM Group”) are connected parties of the Company, and the fund agency sales service provided
             by the Company to CMFM Group constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company under
             the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
             On 3 December 2019, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM on normal
             commercial principles after arm’s length negotiation for a term commencing on 1 January 2020 and expiring on
             31 December 2022. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates specified in the fund offering documents
             and/or the offering prospectuses, and shall pay agency service fees to the Company according to the agreement.
             Meanwhile, the Company has announced the annual caps of RMB1.4 billion, RMB1.6 billion and RMB1.8 billion for
             the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively as approved by the
             Board of Directors. The relevant percentage ratios in respect of the annual caps for the service fees as calculated in
             accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were not more than 5%. Therefore, these transactions
             would only be subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong
             Listing Rules, and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. For details, please refer to the
             relevant announcement of the Company dated 3 December 2019.
             During the reporting period, the continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group
             amounted to RMB1,101 million.



      6.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors
             The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
             continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group and confirmed that:
             1.     The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
             2.     The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                    shareholders as a whole;
             3.     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms;
             4.     The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.
             Furthermore, pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Deloitte Touche
             Tohmatsu to perform relevant assurance procedures on the continuing connected transactions of the Group in
             accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
             Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
             “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong
             Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors confirmed that the auditor has reported the
             results of its performing procedures to the Board of Directors.
             Regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing of these transactions has come to the attention
             of the auditor as to the circumstances described under rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Deloitte Touche
             Tohmatsu has issued an assurance letter in respect of the findings of the above continuing connected transactions.
             The Company has submitted a copy of the letter to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



      6.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties
             The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
             statements. These transactions comprised those between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary
             course of business, including borrowings, investments, deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and
             other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions were conducted on normal
             commercial terms in the ordinary course of business of the Company. For those that constituted connected
             transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, all of them have complied with the applicable requirements thereof.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                      145
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



6.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations
       Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
       the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 224 pending on
       final judgement cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate
       principal and interest of RMB1,383 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration
       cases would have a material adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.



6.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance
       Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
       leasing of assets
       During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contract signed in connection with holding
       in custody, contracting, hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies outside the normal scope of banking
       businesses, or vice versa.



       Significant guarantees
       Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for the
       financial guarantees entered into in our normal business scope approved by the CBIRC, the Company did not have
       any other significant discloseable guarantees, nor was the Company a party to any guarantee contract in violation of
       the resolution procedures of external guarantees as required by laws, administrative regulations and the CSRC.



       Explanatory notes and independent opinions of the Independent Non-Executive
       Directors on the guarantees of China Merchants Bank
       In accordance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Independent Non-
       Executive Directors of the Company carried out a due diligence review of the external guarantees of the Company
       for 2022 on an open, fair and objective basis, and issued their opinions on the special review as follows:
       After review, it was ascertained that the external guarantee business of China Merchants Bank was approved by
       the CBIRC, and it was carried out in the ordinary course of business of banks as a conventional business. As at
       31 December 2022, the balance of the irrevocable guarantees of China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries was
       RMB255.093 billion.
       China Merchants Bank emphasises the risk management of the guarantee business. It has formulated specific
       management measures and operation workflow according to the risk profile of this business. In addition, China
       Merchants Bank has enhanced risk monitoring and safeguarded this business through management means such as
       on-site and off-site inspections. During the reporting period, the guarantee business of China Merchants Bank had
       been in normal operation and there was no circumstance in which a guarantee contract was entered into in violation
       of laws, administrative regulations and the external guarantee resolution procedures stipulated by the CSRC.



6.19 Use of Funds by Related Parties
       During the reporting period, no related parties used any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and
       none of them used the funds of the Company through, among others, any related party transactions not entered
       into on an arm’s length basis. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, being the auditor of the
       Company, has issued a special audit opinion in this regard.
146   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      6.20 Engagement of Accounting Firms
             Upon the approval at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
             Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic
             subsidiaries for 2022, and engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, an overseas related member organisation of Deloitte
             Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the international accounting firm of the Company and its
             overseas subsidiaries for 2022. The term of each of the engagements is one year. The above-mentioned accounting
             firms have been engaged as auditors of the Company since 2016. Wu Lingzhi and Sun Weiqi are the certified public
             accountants who signed the audit report on the Company’s financial statements for 2022 prepared in accordance
             with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, who have been serving as the public accountants signing
             the financial statements of the Company since 2021 and 2022, respectively.
             The financial statements of the Company for 2022 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
             and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2022 were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
             Certified Public Accountants LLP, and the financial statements for 2022 prepared under International Financial
             Reporting Standards were audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The total audit fees of the Group amounted to
             approximately RMB31.23 million, among which the audit fees for internal control were approximately RMB1.55
             million. The Company paid the total non-audit fees of approximately RMB38.53 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
             Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for 2022. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
             Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not
             compromise their audit independence.



      6.21 Explanation of Changes of Accounting Policies and Accounting
           Estimates
             For details of the significant accounting policies and accounting estimates during the reporting period, please refer
             to Note 5 “Significant Accounting Estimates and judgements” to the financial statements.



      6.22 Review of Annual Results
             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, both being the external
             auditors of the Company, have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the
             PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the International Financial Reporting Standards, respectively, and
             each has issued an unqualified audit report. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has
             reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2022.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VI Important Events                                                                    147
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



6.23 Annual General Meeting
       For the convening of its 2022 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.



6.24 Management Contracts
       No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
       the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.



6.25 Permitted Indemnity Provision
       The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisors and
       senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisors and senior management arising out
       of corporate activities.



6.26 Publication of Annual Report
       The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the International
       Financial Reporting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong
       Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the
       English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
       The Company also prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
       Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
       Stock Exchange and the Company.
148   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      We support ordinary ones
      in pursuing extraordinary dreams
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                     149
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

7.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
    Reporting Period

                                                                      31 December 2021           Changes in the        31 December 2022
                                                                                                  No. of shares
                                                                                                     during the
                                                                                                      reporting
                                                                    No. of shares   Percentage           period     No. of shares Percentage
                                                                          (share)          (%)           (share)          (share)        (%)
      1.    Shares subject to trading restrictions on sales                    –            –                 –                 –          –
      2.    Shares not subject to trading restrictions on sales   25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00
            (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)                 20,628,944,429        81.80                 –    20,628,944,429      81.80
            (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                             –            –                 –                 –          –
            (3) Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)          4,590,901,172        18.20                 –     4,590,901,172      18.20
            (4) Others                                                         –            –                 –                 –          –
      3.    Total shares                                          25,219,845,601       100.00                 –    25,219,845,601     100.00



      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 570,634 shareholders of ordinary shares,
      including 541,363 holders of A Shares and 29,271 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the
      holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
      As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2023), the Company
      had a total of 575,262 holders of ordinary shares, including 546,110 holders of A Shares and 29,152 holders of H
      Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.
      Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, as at the end of the reporting
      period, the Company had maintained the public float in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules.
150   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      7.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
          Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
          Restrictions on Sales

                                                                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                                                                             shares held    Number of
                                                                                                                                                               subject to       shares
                                                                               Shares held at Percentage of                                   Changes in         trading     pledged,
                                                                               the end of the the total share                               the reporting    restrictions   marked or
                                                           Type of                    period          capital                                      period        on sales      frozen
            Serial No. Name of shareholders                shareholders               (share)             (%)   Type of shares                     (share)        (share)      (share)
            1         HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                  Overseas legal      4,553,256,923            18.05   H Shares not subject to           850,608              –     Unknown
                                                             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            2         China Merchants Steam Navigation     State-owned legal 3,289,470,337              13.04   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            3         China Ocean Shipping Company         State-owned legal 1,574,729,111               6.24   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                      Limited                                person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            4         Hong Kong Securities Clearing        Overseas legal      1,506,791,186             5.97   A Shares not subject to       -10,664,593              –             –
                        Company Limited                      person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            5         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and     State-owned legal 1,258,542,349               4.99   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            6         China Merchants Financial Holdings   State-owned legal 1,147,377,415               4.55   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Co., Ltd.                            person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            7         Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. –   Domestic legal      1,130,991,537             4.48   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Traditional – Ordinary insurance     person                                               trading restrictions on
                        products                                                                                  sales

            8         Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and     State-owned legal     944,013,171             3.74   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Development Company Ltd.             person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            9         Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. –     Domestic legal        804,907,835             3.19   A Shares not subject to       -10,122,800              –             –
                        Universal products                   person                                               trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            10        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., State-owned legal          696,450,214             2.76   A Shares not subject to                 –              –             –
                        Ltd.                            person                                                    trading restrictions on
                                                                                                                  sales

            Notes:

            (1)   Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on
                  the transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others
                  to hold shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by
                  investors through Northbound Trading.

            (2)   As at the end of the reporting period, among the aforesaid top ten shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a subsidiary of Hong Kong
                  Securities Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development
                  Company Ltd., China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd. are all
                  subsidiaries of China Merchants Group Ltd.; and China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                  are both subsidiaries of China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in
                  concert among other shareholders.

            (3)   The above holders of A Shares did not hold the shares of the Company through credit securities accounts, neither were there cases of
                  proxy, trustee nor waiver of voting rights.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                            151
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



7.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders
7.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder
      As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Financial Holdings Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
      and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants
      Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Limited,
      indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company.
      Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% shares in the Company, and is the
      largest shareholder of the Company with a registered capital of RMB17 billion as at the end of the reporting period,
      and its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. It mainly engages in passenger and cargo shipping businesses; dockyard,
      warehouse and vehicle transportation; investment and management of tugboat and barge transportation business;
      repair, construction and trading of ships and offshore oil drilling equipment; sale, purchase and supply of various
      transportation equipment, spare parts and materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction
      of water and land-based construction projects; and businesses such as investment and management of finance,
      insurance, trust, securities and futures industries.
      As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
      Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder,
      with a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is
      a central enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
      the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China
      was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which
      played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time.
      Nowadays, it has developed into a diversified conglomerate, with its businesses focusing on three core industries,
      namely integrated transportation, featured finance and comprehensive development of cities and industrial zones. It
      is realising the transformation from three main businesses to three major platforms of industrial operation, financial
      services, investment and capital operation.
      The Company did not have any controlling shareholder and de facto controller. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the controlling shareholder of its
      largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum
      of the amounts listed are due to rounding):



                                                                         China Merchants Group Ltd.


                                                                             100%

                                                                           China Merchants Steam
                                                                             Navigation Co., Ltd.




                                                                              100%
                                                                               China Merchants
                                                                          Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.


            100%                                      100%                                        100%
                                                                                                                       27.59%
           China Merchants Holdings       Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
                                                                                                CMF Holdings Limited             China Merchants China
         (Hong Kong) Company Limited      and Development Company Ltd.                                                          Direct Investments Limited


             50%                                  50%                50%                          100%                              100%
            China Merchants                        Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment                     Best Winner                    China Merchants Industry
            Union (BVI) Limited                    and Development Company Ltd.                  Investment Limited             Development (Shenzhen) Limited




           1.89%                       4.99%          3.74%                  4.55%               1.53%                             0.22%                     13.04%

                                                                                China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
152   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      7.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the
            Company
            As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate of
            9.97% shares in the Company through its holding subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company Limited,
            COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd. (廣州海寧海
            務技術諮詢有限公司), COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運(上海)有限公司), COSCO Shipping Investment
            Holdings Co., Limited (中遠海運投資控股有限公司) and Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油
            品運輸有限公司). There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping Company
            Limited held 6.24% shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor of China
            Ocean Shipping Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983, with a registered capital of RMB16.191
            billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The scope of its businesses
            includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; acceptance of space
            booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing, construction, trading
            and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship escrowing business; provision
            of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to shipping business at home and abroad;
            management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business and seafarer assignment business.
            China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
            and is its controlling shareholder. Its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
            Commission of the State Council. China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited was established on 5 February
            2016, with a registered capital of RMB11.0 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is
            Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime
            transportation; imports and exports of goods and technology; marine, land, aviation international freight forwarding
            business; ship leasing; sales of ships, containers and steel products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal
            and port investment; communication equipment sales, information and technical services; warehousing (except
            hazardous chemicals); engaged in technology development, technology transfer, technical consulting, technical
            services and equity investment funds in the field of shipping and spare parts.



      7.3.3 Other substantial shareholders under the regulatory calibre
            1.     As at the end of the reporting period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 3.19% shares in the Company,
                   and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. The
                   controlling shareholder of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.. Dajia Insurance
                   Group Co., Ltd. was established on 25 June 2019, with a registered capital of RMB20.36 billion as at the end
                   of the reporting period, and its legal representative is He Xiaofeng. Its controlling shareholder and de facto
                   controller is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd..
            2.     As at the end of the reporting period, China Communications Construction Group Ltd. through its holding
                   subsidiaries, namely China Communications Construction Company Limited, CCCC Capital Holdings Limited,
                   CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co., Ltd., CCCC Fourth Harbour Engineering Co., Ltd., CCCC Shanghai
                   Dredging Co., Ltd., Zhen Hua (Shenzhen) Engineering Co., Ltd. and CCCC Third Harbour Consultants Co.,
                   Ltd., indirectly held an aggregate of 1.68% shares in the Company, and has appointed a Supervisor in the
                   Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. China Communications Construction Group
                   Ltd. was established on 8 December 2005, with a registered capital of RMB7.274 billion as at the end of the
                   reporting period, and its legal representative is Wang Tongzhou. Its de facto controller is the State-owned
                   Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.
            3.     As at the end of the reporting period, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited held 1.23% shares in the Company
                   and has appointed a Supervisor in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. SAIC
                   Motor Corporation Limited was established on 16 April 1984, with a registered capital of RMB11.683 billion
                   as at the end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Chen Hong. Its de facto controller is the
                   State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                              153
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


7.3.4 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the shares of Company
      under Hong Kong laws and regulations
      As at 31 December 2022, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
      under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
      Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed
      are due to rounding) as follows:
                                                                                                          Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                               of the          of the
                                                                                                        relevant class   total issued
      Name of                                                                                               of shares       ordinary
      substantial              Class of   Long/short                            No. of shares                 in issue         shares
      shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                      (shares)   Notes              (%)            (%)
      China Merchants          A          Long         Interest of controlled   6,697,550,412
       Group Ltd.                                        corporation
                                          Long         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                               H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                         corporation

      China Merchants Steam    A          Long         Beneficial owner         3,289,470,337
       Navigation Co., Ltd.               Long         Interest of controlled   3,408,080,075
                                                         corporation
                                          Long         Others                     55,196,540
                                                                                6,752,746,952    1              32.73          26.78
                               H          Long         Interest of controlled     806,680,423    1              17.57           3.20
                                                         corporation

      China Merchants Financial A         Long         Beneficial owner         1,147,377,415
        Holdings Co., Ltd.                Long         Interest of controlled   2,260,702,660
       (former name: China                               corporation
       Merchants Finance                  Long         Others                     55,196,540
       Investment Holdings                                                      3,463,276,615    1              16.79          13.73
       Co., Ltd.)               H         Long         Interest of controlled     328,776,923    1               7.16           1.30
                                                         corporation

      CMF Holdings Limited     A          Long         Interest of controlled     58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
                                                         corporation
                               H          Long         Interest of controlled    328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30
                                                         corporation

      Best Winner Investment   A          Long         Beneficial owner           58,147,140     1               0.28           0.23
        Limited
                               H          Long         Beneficial owner          328,776,923     1               7.16           1.30

      Shenzhen Yan Qing        A          Long         Beneficial owner         1,258,542,349
        Investment and                    Long         Interest of controlled     944,013,171
        Development                                      corporation
        Company Ltd.                                                            2,202,555,520    1              10.68           8.73
154   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                                  Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                                                       of the          of the
                                                                                                                relevant class   total issued
            Name of                                                                                                 of shares       ordinary
            substantial              Class of   Long/short                              No. of shares                 in issue         shares
            shareholder              shares     position     Capacity                        (shares)   Notes              (%)            (%)
            China Ocean Shipping     A          Long         Beneficial owner           1,574,729,111                    7.63           6.24
             Company Limited

            Hexie Health Insurance   A          Long         Beneficial owner           1,130,991,537     2              5.48           4.48
             Co. Ltd.

            Pagoda Tree Investment H            Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
              Company Limited                                  corporation
              (中國華馨投資有限公司)

            Compass Investment       H          Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
             Company Limited                                   corporation

            CNIC Corporation Limited H          Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
                                                               corporation
            Verise Holdings Company H           Long         Interest of controlled      477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
             Limited                                           corporation

            China Merchants Union    H          Long         Beneficial Owner            477,903,500      3             10.41           1.89
             (BVI) Limited

            JPMorgan Chase & Co.     H          Long         Interest of controlled       33,977,454
                                                               corporation
                                                Long         Investment manager          150,539,041
                                                Long         Person having a security        607,430
                                                               interest in shares
                                                Long         Approved lending agent       95,031,305
                                                Short        Interest of controlled      280,155,230      4              6.10           1.11
                                                               corporation                42,970,110      4              0.94           0.17

            BlackRock, Inc.          H          Long         Interest of controlled      288,568,698      5              6.29           1.14
                                                               corporation
                                                Short        Interest of controlled          638,000      5              0.01           0.00
                                                               corporation

            UBS Group AG             H          Long         Interest of controlled      270,059,488      6              5.88           1.07
                                                               corporation
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                   155
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


      Notes：

      (1)   For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 7.3.1 “Information on the
            Company’s largest shareholder”.

      (2)   New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. is the trustee of all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd., by virtue of
            which New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance
            Co., Ltd..

      (3)   Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
            Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly owned subsidiary of Compass Investment Company Limited:

            (3.1) China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited was
                  deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of holding the
                  50% interests in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

            (3.2) Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to hold
                  interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which were deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company Limited.

            (3.3) Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company which were deemed to
                  be held by CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding the 98.9% interests in CNIC Corporation Limited.

            The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (3) and (3.1) to (3.3) above represented the same shares.

      (4)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold a total of 280,155,230 H shares (long position) and 42,970,110 H shares (short position) in the
            Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the Company
            included a lending pool of 95,031,305 H shares. Besides, 21,230,191 H shares (long position) and 8,347,700 H shares (short position) were held
            through derivatives as follows:

            1,381,500 H shares (long position) and 880,500 H shares (short position)                  – through physically settled listed derivatives
            357,950 H shares (long position) and 442,150 H shares (short position)                    – through cash settled listed derivatives
            689,241 H shares (long position) and 1,644,116 H shares (short position)                  – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
            18,801,500 H shares (long position) and 5,380,934 H shares (short position)               – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

      (5)   BlackRock,Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 288,568,698 H shares (long position) and 638,000 H shares (short position) in the Company
            by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests of BlackRock,Inc. in the Company included 277,000 H shares (long
            position) and 638,000 H shares (short position) which were held through derivatives as follows:

            277,000 H shares (long position) and 638,000 H shares (short position)                    – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

      (6)   UBS Group AG was deemed to hold a total of 270,059,488 H shares (long position) in the Company by virtue of its control over a number
            of companies. The equity interests of UBS Group AG in the Company included 19,141,763 H shares (long position) which were held
            through derivatives as follows:

            3,954,831 H shares (long position)                                                        – through physically settled listed derivatives
            5,000 H shares (long position)                                                            – through cash settled listed derivatives
            1,251,135 H shares (long position)                                                        – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
            13,930,797 H shares (long position)                                                       – through cash settled unlisted derivatives


      Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors
      and chief executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short
      positions in the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2022 as recorded in the register required to be kept by
      the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
156   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      7.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities
            During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares. The Company did not have
            any internal staff shares. Save for the disclosure related to “Preference Shares” in this chapter, no equity-linked
            agreements of the Company were entered into during the reporting period or subsisted at the end of the reporting
            period.
            For issuance of bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 43 to the financial statements.
            During the reporting period, the use of proceeds of the Company was consistent with such usages as committed in
            the Prospectus of the Company.



      7.5 Preference Shares
      7.5.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares
            Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 50,000,000
            non-cumulative perpetual offshore preference shares on 25 October 2017. The issuance price is USD20 each and the
            coupon dividend rate per annum is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the actual dividend yield to be received by the holders
            of the preference shares is 4.40%). The offshore preference shares of the issuance were listed on the Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange on 26 October 2017 (abbreviated name of shares: “CMB 17USDPREF”; stock code: 04614; number
            of listed shares: 50,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of the offshore preference shares amounted to
            USD1.0 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the
            Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital. The Company fully redeemed the offshore preference shares on 25 October
            2022.
            Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
            domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
            per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
            the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
            “Zhao Yin You 1 (招銀優 1)”; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from
            the issuance of the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion and, after deduction of the expenses
            relating to the issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital. On 18 December
            2022, five years after the issuance of the domestic preference shares, the Company adjusted the coupon dividend
            rate per annum to 3.62% (including tax) in accordance with market rules. For details, please refer to the relevant
            announcements published by the Company on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges
            and Clearing Limited and the Company, respectively.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                 157
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


7.5.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 18 holders of preference shares (or their
      nominees), and all of them were domestic shareholders of preference shares. As at the end of the previous month
      before the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2023), the Company had a total of 18 holders of
      preference shares (or their nominees), and all of them were domestic shareholders of preference shares.
      As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
      shares were as follows:
                                                                                                                               Number of      Number of
                                                                                                                           shares subject         shares
                                                                                    Shares held                                to trading      pledged,
                                                                                  at the end of Percentage of              restrictions on    marked or
            Name of                                Type of          Type of          the period shareholdings   Changes               sales      frozen
      No.   shareholders                           shareholders     shares               (share)          (%)    (share)            (share)      (share)
      1     China Mobile Communications            State-owned      Domestic       106,000,000          38.55          –                 –             –
             Group Co., Ltd                          legal person    preference
                                                                     share
      2     CCB Capital – “Qianyuan – Private Others                Domestic        40,000,000          14.55          –                 –             –
             (乾元 － 私享)”, an open private                             preference
             banking RMB wealth management                           share
             product (daily calculated) of China
             Construction Bank – Anxin Private
             (安鑫私享) No.2 Special Asset
             Management Scheme of CCB
             Capital
      3     BOC Asset – Bank of China – Bank Others                 Domestic        25,000,000           9.09          –                 –             –
             of China Limited, Shenzhen                              preference
             Branch                                                  share
      4     China National Tobacco (Henan        State-owned        Domestic        20,000,000           7.27          –                 –             –
             Province) Company                     legal person      preference
                                                                     share
            Ping An Property & Casualty          Others             Domestic        20,000,000           7.27          –                 –             –
              Insurance Company of China, Ltd.                       preference
              – traditional – ordinary insurance                     share
              products
      6     China National Tobacco (Anhui        State-owned        Domestic        15,000,000           5.45          –                 –             –
              Province) Company                    legal person      preference
                                                                     share
            China National Tobacco (Sichuan        State-owned      Domestic        15,000,000           5.45          –                 –             –
             Province) Company                       legal person    preference
                                                                     share
      8     Everbright Securities Asset            Others           Domestic         9,000,000           3.27          –                 –             –
              Management – China Everbright                          preference
              Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2                               share
              Collective Asset Management
              Scheme of Everbright Securities
              Asset Management
      9     Everbright Securities Asset            Others           Domestic         7,200,000           2.62   -800,000                 –             –
              Management – China Everbright                          preference
              Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) Collective                          share
              Asset Management Scheme
              of Everbright Securities Asset
              Management
      10    Changjiang Pension Insurance –         Others           Domestic         5,000,000           1.82          –                 –             –
              Bank of China – China Pacific Life                     preference
              Insurance Co., Ltd.                                    share
            China National Tobacco (Liaoning       State-owned      Domestic         5,000,000           1.82          –                 –             –
              Province) Company                      legal person    preference
                                                                     share
158   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)


            Notes:

            (1)   The shareholdings of holders of domestic preference shares are presented under separate account according to the register of members
                  of preference shares of the Company.

            (2)   China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company, China National Tobacco
                  (Sichuan Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Liaoning Province) Company are all subsidiaries of China National Tobacco
                  Corporation; “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫優) No. 2 Collective Asset Management
                  Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” and “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright Bank – Xinyou (鑫
                  優) Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” are both managed by Everbright Securities Asset
                  Management Co., Ltd.. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among the above
                  holders of preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten holders of ordinary shares.

            (3)   “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference
                  shares to the total number of domestic preference shares.



      7.5.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares
            Dividend distribution of offshore preference shares
            In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
            of Offshore Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 Annual General
            Meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
            Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for offshore preference shares on 25 October 2022, which
            was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
            The dividends for offshore preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The offshore preference
            shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
            offshore preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
            the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the relevant terms of the offshore
            preference shares, the dividend rate per annum of the offshore preference shares is 4.40% (excluding tax, i.e., the
            actual dividend yield to be received by the holders of the preference shares is 4.40%). According to relevant laws
            and regulations, the Company shall withhold an income tax at a rate of 10% when distributing the dividends for
            the offshore preference shares to the offshore non-resident enterprises. According to the terms and conditions
            of the offshore preference shares, the Company is responsible to pay relevant income tax. The total amount of
            the proceeds from the issuance of the Company’s offshore preference shares was USD1.0 billion, and the total
            amount of dividends for the offshore preference shares was USD48,888,888.89, comprising of USD44,000,000.00
            which was actually paid to the holders of the offshore preference shares, and the withholding tax amounted to
            USD4,888,888.89.
            Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares
            In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
            of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 Annual General
            Meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
            Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 19 December 2022, which
            was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.
            The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The domestic preference
            shares adopt non-cumulative dividend payment method. After the dividends are distributed to the holders of
            domestic preference shares in accordance with the agreed dividend rate, these shareholders will not participate in
            the remaining profit distribution with the ordinary shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for
            domestic preference shares, based on the coupon dividend rate of 4.81% for domestic preference shares, the cash
            dividends per preference share paid were RMB4.81 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference
            shares in issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB1,322.75 million (including tax).
            For the details of dividend distribution for domestic and offshore preference shares, please refer to the relevant
            announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and
            Clearing Limited and the Company on 29 August 2022 and 9 December 2022, respectively.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                159
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


7.5.4 Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
      The “Resolution on the Full Redemption of USD1.0 Billion Offshore Preference Shares of China Merchants Bank
      Co., Ltd.” was considered and approved at the 41st meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of
      the Company held on 20 May 2022, agreeing the full redemption of USD1.0 billion offshore preference shares.
      Thereafter, the Company received a letter of reply from the CBIRC, which had no objection to such redemption.
      Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the offshore preference shares of the Company, the Company has redeemed
      all the offshore preference shares on 25 October 2022 (the “Redemption Date”). The redemption price per offshore
      preference share is the aggregate of an amount equal to the liquidation preference amount of each offshore
      preference share plus any declared but unpaid dividends accrued in respect of the period from (and including) the
      immediately preceding dividend payment date to (but excluding) the Redemption Date. The total redemption price
      is USD1.044 billion, being the liquidation preference amount of offshore preference shares of USD1.0 billion plus
      dividends of USD44 million.
      For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of the Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company, respectively.
      During the reporting period, there were no conversions of preference shares of the Company, respectively.



7.5.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares
      During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s domestic and offshore preference shares in issue
      had not been restored.



7.5.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption
      The Company made accounting judgements on the preference shares issued and outstanding of the Company
      in accordance with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “International Financial
      Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments” and the “International Accounting Standard 32 – Financial
      Instruments: Presentation” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares
      issued and outstanding of the Company carry no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they
      any contractual obligations to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were
      therefore measured as equity instruments.
160   China Merchants Bank         Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      A simple but quality life
      is our constant focus
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements         161
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report                                     162

Financial Statements and Notes Thereto                           168

Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information                    316
162   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Independent Auditor’s Report


      To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
      (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 168 to 315, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
      cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board
      for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   163
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
commitments

We identified expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of          Our audit procedures in relation to the expected credit loss
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt          allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised
investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees           cost, debt investments at amortised cost and financial
and loan commitments as a key audit matter due to                guarantees and loan commitments included the following:
the materiality of these items’ balance and significant
management judgement and estimates involved in deriving          We understood management’s process and tested the
the ECL estimates.                                               design and operating effectiveness of key controls across the
                                                                 processes relevant to the ECL estimation of the Group. These
As at 31 December 2022, as set out in Note 22(a), the            controls included the development, validation and review
Group reported loans and advances to customers at                of the ECL model; the controls over the model data input,
amortised cost of RMB5,443,438 million and expected              including manual input controls and automated transmission
credit loss allowances of RMB255,759 million; in Note 23(b),     controls; the automated controls over the ECL model
the Group reported debt investments at amortised cost of         calculation process; the controls over the identification of
RMB1,599,139 million and expected credit loss allowances         SICR indicators and credit impairment events.
of RMB43,682 million; in Note 42, the Group reported the
expected credit loss allowances of financial guarantees and      We assessed whether the ECL model applied by the
loan commitments of RMB20,217 million.                           Group has covered all the exposures that should be taken
                                                                 into consideration. In respect of different portfolios of
Key judgements and estimates in respect of the                   loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, debt
measurement of ECLs include: the significant management          investments at amortised cost and financial guarantees
judgement and estimates of model design and its                  and loan commitments, we involved our internal modelling
application; the identification of a significant increase in     specialist to assist us in assessing the appropriateness of
credit risk (SICR); the identification of credit impairment      the Group’s methodology of ECL modelling. We reviewed
events; the determination of inputs used in the ECL model,       relevant documents and evaluated the appropriateness and
as well as the determination of the forward-looking              application of the ECL model.
information to incorporate.
164   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Key Audit Matters (continued)
      Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances
      to customers at amortised cost, debt investments at
      amortised cost, and financial guarantees and loan
      commitments

      Principal accounting policies and significant accounting         With the support of our internal modelling specialist, we
      estimates and judgement applied in determining the               assessed the key definitions and application of parameters
      expected credit loss allowances of loans and advances to         and assumptions in the ECL model. This included
      customers at amortised cost, debt investments at amortised       assessing stage determination, probability of default,
      cost and financial guarantees and loan commitments are           loss given default, exposure at default and forward-
      set out in Notes 4(5) and 5(4) to the consolidated financial     looking information. We selected samples to check
      statements.                                                      whether the calculation in the ECL model is consistent
                                                                       with the methodology. We selected samples to conduct
                                                                       credit reviews in order to assess the appropriateness of
                                                                       the significant judgements made by the management
                                                                       regarding the occurrence of SICR and credit impairment
                                                                       events, and whether the identification of such events are
                                                                       proper and timely. In addition, we selected samples and
                                                                       tested their data input into the ECL model to evaluate the
                                                                       completeness and accuracy of the data input. For loans
                                                                       and advances at amortised cost and debt investments at
                                                                       amortised cost at stage 3, we selected samples to test the
                                                                       reasonableness of future cash flows from the borrowers
                                                                       estimated by the Group, including the expected recoverable
                                                                       amount of collateral, to assess whether there were material
                                                                       misstatements in credit loss allowances.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  165
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Consolidation of structured entities

We identified consolidation of structured entities as a          Our audit procedures in relation to consolidation of
key audit matter since significant judgement is applied by       structured entities included the following:
management to determine whether or not the Group has
control over certain structured entities.                        We understood and tested the design and operating
                                                                 effectiveness of key controls over the management process
The structured entities of the Group include wealth              in determining the consolidation scope for interests in
management products, asset management schemes, trust             structured entities as well as understood the purpose for
beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and funds,          setting up the structured entities.
as disclosed in Note 64 to the consolidated financial
statements.                                                      We reviewed the relevant contract terms, on a sample basis,
                                                                 and assessed the power of the Group over the structured
As described in Note 4(1), the consolidation of structured       entities, the rights of the Group to variable returns of the
entities is determined based on control. Control is              structured entities and the ability of the Group to use its
achieved when the investor has power over the investee,          power to affect its return, and evaluated management
the investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns      judgement on whether the Group has control over the
from its involvement with the investee; and the investor         structured entities and the conclusion about whether or not
has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. When     the consolidation criteria are met.
performing the assessment on whether the Group has
control over the structured entities, the Group considers
several factors including, the scope of its decision-making
authority over the structured entities, the rights held by
other parties, the remuneration for managing the structured
entities and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns
from interests that it holds in the structured entities.
166   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Other Information
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.
      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
      we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
      that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
      the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
      internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
      statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
      solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
      person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
      audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     167
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
       based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
       may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.
•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Shi Chung Fai.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong




24 March 2023
168   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        Notes      2022        2021
      Interest income                                                    6       353,380     327,056
      Interest expense                                                   7      (135,145)   (123,137)
      Net interest income                                                       218,235     203,919
      Fee and commission income                                          8      103,372     102,318
      Fee and commission expense                                                 (9,097)     (7,871)
      Net fee and commission income                                              94,275      94,447
      Other net income                                                   9       29,705      29,011
      – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost                         170        (657)
      Operating income                                                           342,215     327,377
      Operating expenses                                                 10     (122,061)   (116,879)
      Operating profit before impairment losses and taxation                    220,154     210,498
      Expected credit losses                                             14     (56,751)    (65,962)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                            (815)       (393)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                 25       1,710       2,877
      Share of profits of associates                                     26         815       1,153
      Profit before taxation                                                    165,113     148,173
      Income tax                                                         15     (25,819)    (27,339)
      Profit for the year                                                       139,294     120,834
      Attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Bank                                                138,012     119,922
      Non-controlling interests                                                   1,282         912
      Earnings per share
      Basic and diluted (RMB Yuan)                                       17         5.26        4.61

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                     169
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2022
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                      Note     2022       2021
Profit for the year                                                          139,294    120,834
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                 1,285      5,856
    – Share of other comprehensive (expense)/income from
        equity-accounted investees                                            (1,155)      133
    – Net fair value (loss)/gain on debt instruments measured at
        fair value through other comprehensive income                         (5,617)     4,156
    – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
        measured at fair value through other comprehensive income              3,471      3,036
    – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                    112        105
    – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
        foreign operations                                                     4,429     (1,574)
    – Other                                                                       45          –
  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                          38       1,333
     – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                            48      1,318
     – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                   (10)        15
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                   16       1,323      7,189
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                     1,053      7,298
Non-controlling interests                                                        270       (109)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                      140,617    128,023
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                   139,065    127,220
Non-controlling interests                                                      1,552        803

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
170   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2022
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Notes        2022        2021
      Assets
      Cash                                                                            15,209      13,310
      Precious metals                                                                  2,962       4,639
      Balances with central banks                                          18        587,818     553,898
      Balances with banks and other financial institutions                 19         91,346      80,350
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions               20        263,576     194,421
      Amounts held under resale agreements                                 21        276,676     524,601
      Loans and advances to customers                                      22      5,807,154   5,335,391
      Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss          23(a)      423,467     348,123
      Derivative financial assets                                         60(f)       18,671      23,390
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                  23(b)    1,555,457   1,185,841
      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   23(c)      780,349     636,038
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                             23(d)      13,416       6,995
      Interests in joint ventures                                          25        14,247      14,779
      Interests in associates                                              26         9,597       8,875
      Investment properties                                                27         1,268       1,372
      Property and equipment                                               28        99,919      80,415
      Right-of-use assets                                                 29(a)      17,553      18,403
      Intangible assets                                                    30         3,402       4,066
      Goodwill                                                             31         9,999       9,954
      Deferred tax assets                                                  32        90,848      81,639
      Other assets                                                         33        55,978     122,521
      Total assets                                                                10,138,912   9,249,021

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                           171
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                     Notes           2022        2021
Liabilities
Borrowing from central banks                                                       129,745     159,987
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  34           645,674     753,018
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                35           192,857     170,650
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            36            63,314      63,761
Derivative financial liabilities                                     60(f)          18,636      27,282
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                              37           107,093     157,660
Deposits from customers                                               38         7,590,579   6,385,154
Salaries and welfare payable                                         39(a)          23,866      19,761
Tax payable                                                           40            19,458      22,491
Contract liabilities                                                  41             6,679       7,536
Lease liabilities                                                    29(b)          13,013      13,812
Provisions                                                            42            22,491      14,660
Debt securities issued                                                43           223,821     446,645
Deferred tax liabilities                                              32             1,510       1,353
Other liabilities                                                     44           125,938     139,570
Total liabilities                                                                9,184,674   8,383,340
Equity
Share capital                                                         45           25,220      25,220
Other equity instruments                                              46          120,446     127,043
  – Preference shares                                                46(a)         27,468      34,065
  – Perpetual bonds                                                  46(b)         92,978      92,978
Capital reserve                                                       47           65,435      67,523
Investment revaluation reserve                                        48           11,815      15,047
Hedging reserve                                                       49              151          39
Surplus reserve                                                       50           94,985      82,137
General reserve                                                       51          132,471     115,288
Retained earnings                                                                 449,139     390,207
Proposed profit appropriation                                        52(b)         43,832      38,385
Exchange reserve                                                      53            2,009      (2,144)
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                             945,503     858,745
Non-controlling interests                                                           8,735       6,936
– Non-controlling interest                                                          5,948       3,300
– Perpetual debt capital                                             62(a)          2,787       3,636
Total equity                                                                      954,238     865,681
Total equity and liabilities                                                    10,138,912   9,249,021

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2023.




Miao Jianmin                                                 Wang Liang
Director                                                     Director
172   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                                                             2022

                                                                                                 Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                      Non-controlling interests

                                                           Other equity instruments
                                                                                                  Investment                                                                                                        Non- Perpetual
                                                  Share     Preference Perpetual      Capital revaluation        Hedging       Surplus     General     Retained Proposed profit Exchange                      controlling        debt
                                         Notes   capital         shares      bonds    reserve         reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve    earnings       appropriation    reserve    Subtotal        interest     capital      Total

      At 1 January 2022                          25,220         34,065       92,978   67,523          15,047           39       82,137     115,288         390,207          38,385      (2,144)   858,745           3,300        3,636    865,681

      Changes in equity for the year                  –          (6,597)          –   (2,088)          (3,232)        112       12,848      17,183          58,932            5,447     4,153      86,758           2,648         (849)    88,557

         (a) Net profit for the year                  –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –        138,012                –          –    138,012           1,080          202    139,294
         (b) Other comprehensive
               income for the year         16         –               –           –         –          (3,212)        112            –            –              –                –     4,153       1,053              15          255      1,323

      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                      –               –           –         –          (3,212)        112            –            –        138,012                –     4,153     139,065           1,095          457    140,617

         (c) Capital movement from
               equity holders                         –          (6,597)          –   (2,088)               –            –           –            –              –                –          –      (8,685)         1,832       (1,104)    (7,957)
             (i) Capital invested
                    by non-controlling
                    shareholders                      –               –           –    (1,489)              –            –           –            –              –                –          –      (1,489)         1,842            –       353
             (ii) Decrease in
                    non-controlling
                    interests                         –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –                –          –           –            (10)           –        (10)
             (iii) Redemption of
                    preference shares    46(a)        –          (6,597)          –     (599)               –            –           –            –              –                –          –      (7,196)             –            –     (7,196)
             (iv) Redemption of
                    perpetual debt
                    capital              62(a)        –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –                –          –           –              –       (1,104)    (1,104)
         (d) Profit appropriations                    –               –           –         –               –            –      12,848      17,183         (79,100)           5,447          –     (43,622)          (279)        (202)   (44,103)
             (i) Appropriations to
                    statutory surplus
                    reserve                50         –               –           –         –               –            –      12,848            –        (12,848)               –          –           –              –            –          –
             (ii) Appropriations to
                    general reserve        51         –               –           –         –               –            –           –      17,183         (17,183)               –          –           –              –            –          –
             (iii) Dividends declared
                    and paid for the
                    year 2021                         –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –          (38,385)         –     (38,385)          (279)           –    (38,664)
             (iv) Distribution to
                    perpetual debt
                    capital                62         –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –              –                –          –           –              –         (202)      (202)
             (v) Proposed dividends
                    for the year 2022                 –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –        (43,832)         43,832           –           –              –            –          –
             (vi) Dividends to
                    preference shares                 –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –         (1,675)               –          –      (1,675)             –            –     (1,675)
             (vii) Distribution to
                    perpetual bonds                   –               –           –         –               –            –           –            –         (3,562)               –          –      (3,562)             –            –     (3,562)
         (e) Transfers within equity
               upon disposal of
               equity instruments
               designated at fair
               value through other
               comprehensive income                   –               –           –         –             (20)           –           –            –            20                 –          –           –              –            –          –

      At 31 December 2022                        25,220         27,468       92,978   65,435          11,815          151       94,985     132,471         449,139          43,832      2,009     945,503           5,948        2,787    954,238

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                                  173
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                                                                                        2021

                                                                                          Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                       Non-controlling interests

                                                     Other equity instruments
                                                                                          Investment                                                                                                          Non-      Perpetual
                                            Share     Preference    Perpetual   Capital   revaluation     Hedging        Surplus       General      Retained   Proposed profit   Exchange               controlling          debt
                                   Notes   capital        shares       bonds    reserve       reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve      earnings    appropriation      reserve   Subtotal       interest       capital     Total

At 1 January 2021                          25,220        34,065       49,989    67,523         8,207           (66)      71,158        98,082       338,664            31,601        (693)   723,750         2,851         3,753     730,354

Changes in equity for the year                  –              –      42,989         –         6,840          105        10,979        17,206        51,543             6,784      (1,451)   134,995           449           (117)   135,327

   (a) Net profit for the year                  –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –      119,922                 –           –    119,922           685           227     120,834
   (b) Other comprehensive
         income for the year         16         –              –            –        –         8,644          105              –             –            –                 –      (1,451)     7,298              8          (117)     7,189

Total comprehensive income for
  the year                                      –              –            –        –         8,644          105              –             –      119,922                 –      (1,451)   127,220           693           110     128,023

   (c) Capital contribution from
         equity holders                         –              –      42,989         –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –     42,989              –             –     42,989
         Issue of perpetual
             bonds                 46(b)        –              –      42,989         –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –     42,989              –             –     42,989
   (d) Profit appropriations                    –              –            –        –             –             –       10,979        17,206       (70,183)            6,784           –    (35,214)          (244)         (227)   (35,685)
       (i) Appropriations to
              statutory surplus
              reserve                50         –              –            –        –             –             –       10,979              –      (10,979)                –           –          –              –             –          –
       (ii) Appropriations to
              general reserve        51         –              –            –        –             –             –             –       17,206       (17,206)                –           –          –              –             –          –
       (iii) Dividends declared
              and paid for the
              year 2020                         –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –           (31,601)          –    (31,601)          (244)            –    (31,845)
       (iv) Distribution to
              perpetual debt
              capital                62         –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –            –                 –           –          –              –          (227)      (227)
       (v) Proposed dividends
              for the year 2021                 –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –      (38,385)           38,385           –          –              –             –          –
       (vi) Dividends to
              preference shares                 –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –       (1,638)                –           –     (1,638)             –             –     (1,638)
       (vii) Distribution to
              perpetual bonds                   –              –            –        –             –             –             –             –       (1,975)                –           –     (1,975)             –             –     (1,975)
   (e) Transfers within equity
         upon disposal of equity
         instruments designated
         at fair value through
         other comprehensive
         income                                 –              –            –        –        (1,804)            –             –             –        1,804                 –           –          –              –             –          –

At 31 December 2021                        25,220        34,065       92,978    67,523       15,047             39       82,137       115,288       390,207            38,385      (2,144)   858,745         3,300         3,636     865,681

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
174   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                       2022          2021
      Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                                        165,113       148,173
      Adjustments for:
        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                     45,157        37,020
        – Impairment losses on investments and other                                  12,409        29,335
        – Unwinding of discount on the allowances of loans and advances                 (386)         (247)
        – Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties            10,279         8,857
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          4,151         4,259
        – Amortisation of other assets                                                 1,193         1,389
        – Net gains on debt securities and equity investments                        (14,722)      (15,388)
        – Interest income on investments                                             (65,808)      (56,059)
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities                                   9,662        12,532
        – Share of profits of associates                                                (815)       (1,153)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                          (1,710)       (2,877)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets            (282)         (113)
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          510           555

      Changes in:
      Balances with central banks                                                   (48,851)       12,874
      Loans and advances to customers                                              (508,891)     (564,924)
      Other assets                                                                   63,611       (37,395)
      Deposits from customers                                                     1,188,664       718,742
      Amounts due to banks and other financial institutions                        (135,569)       73,321
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions with
        original maturity over 3 months                                              (46,825)       2,160
      Borrowing from central banks                                                   (30,073)    (170,100)
      Other liabilities                                                              (39,251)      16,596
      Cash generated from operating activities before income tax payment            607,566       217,557
      Income tax paid                                                                (37,423)      (35,509)
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                  570,143       182,048
      Investing activities
      Payment for the purchases of investments                                    (1,898,898)   (1,225,385)
      Proceeds from disposals and redemptions of investments                       1,334,013     1,160,739
      Investment income received                                                      79,122        71,197
      Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures         (484)       (5,342)
      Payment for the purchases of property and equipment and other assets           (34,892)      (24,160)
      Proceeds from the disposals of property and equipment and other assets           6,750         2,399
      Proceeds from the disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures          463           855
      Net cash used in investing activities                                        (513,926)       (19,697)

      The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                    175
Annual Report 2022 (H share)


                                                                  Notes      2022        2021
Financing activities
Proceeds from the issuance of negotiable interbank certificates
  of deposit                                                      55(b)     78,666     319,707
Proceeds from the issuance of certificates of deposit             55(b)     20,287      14,692
Proceeds from the issuance of debt securities                     55(b)     21,481      63,872
Proceeds from the issuance of perpetual bonds                                    –      42,989
Proceeds from non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                      2,667           –
Proceeds from other financing activities                          55(b)     10,796       6,860
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposit         55(b)   (250,996)   (226,012)
Repayment of certificates of deposit                              55(b)    (16,504)    (21,363)
Repayment of debt securities                                      55(b)    (78,735)    (55,771)
Payment for lease liabilities                                     55(b)     (4,932)     (4,835)
Payment for redemption of preference shares                                 (7,196)          –
Payment for redemption of perpetual debt capital                            (1,104)          –
Distribution paid on perpetual debt capital                                   (202)       (227)
Payment for dividends distribution                                         (38,664)    (31,845)
Distribution paid on preference shares                                      (1,675)     (1,638)
Distribution paid on perpetual bonds                                        (3,562)     (1,975)
Interest paid on financing activities                                      (12,400)    (11,398)
Payment for other financing activities                            55(b)    (14,959)     (3,697)
Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                    (297,032)    89,359
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (240,815)   251,710
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                  801,754    552,790
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      6,259     (2,746)
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       55(a)   567,198     801,754
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received                                                         285,050     269,081
Interest paid                                                             108,496     111,177

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
176   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)


      1.       Organisation and principal activities
      (1)      Organisation
               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic
               of China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC,
               the A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002. On 22 September 2006, the
               Bank’s H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”).
               As at 31 December 2022, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the Chinese mainland, Hong
               Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has two representative offices
               in New York and Taipei.



      (2)      Principal activities
               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.



      2.       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      (1)      Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
               Standards (“IFRSs”) and its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”),
               and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements
               also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



      (2)      Basis of measurement
               These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and unless otherwise stated, rounded to the nearest
               million. RMB is the functional currency of the domestic operations of the Group. The functional currencies of
               overseas branches and subsidiaries are determined in accordance with the primary economic environment in which
               they operate, and are translated into RMB for the preparation of these financial statements according to Note 4(16).
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period and the measurement principles as explained
               below.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     177
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



2.     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
(2)    Basis of measurement (continued)
       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
       between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
       estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
       into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
       account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
       purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
       transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope
       of IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
       realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .
       In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
       the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
       the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
       access at the measurement date;
       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
       liability, either directly or indirectly; and
       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
       The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
       estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
       income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
       other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
       making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
       sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
       recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
       the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
       Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
       financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future periods are discussed
       in Note 5.
178   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      3.     Application of new and amendments to IFRSs
             Amendments to IFRSs effective in current year applied by the Group
             Amendments to IFRS 3                              Reference to the Conceptual Framework
             Amendment to IFRS 16                              Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
             Amendments to IAS 16                              Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
             Amendments to IAS 37                              Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
             Amendments to IFRSs                               Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

             The above-mentioned application of the amendments to IFRSs has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
             positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
             financial statements.



             Standards and amendments that are issued but not yet effective and have not
             been adopted by the Group
                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                            annual period
                                                                                                            beginning on or after
             IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 Insurance Contracts                                           1 January 2023
                and December 2021 Amendments
                to IFRS 17)

             Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS         Disclosure of Accounting Policies                         1 January 2023
              Practice Statement 2

             Amendments to IAS 8                  Definition of Accounting Estimates                        1 January 2023

             Amendments to IAS 12                 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising    1 January 2023
                                                  from a Single Transaction

             Amendments to IFRS 16                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback                   1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 1                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current   1 January 2024

             Amendments to IAS 1                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                    1 January 2024

             Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor        the date to be
                                                  and its Associate or Joint Venture                        determined



             The new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned above are not expected to have material impact on the consolidated
             financial statements in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        179
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies
(1)    Business combination
       Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
       by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
       with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
       the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
       An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
       commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
       arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. If the
       intra-group transaction indicates that the relevant assets have impairment losses, the losses shall be recognised in
       full.
       When necessary, adjustments are made by the Group to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
       accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
       Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
       in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
       result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
       of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
       consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity holders
       of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
       profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
       the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
       holders of the Bank.
       Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
       transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
       consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
       or loss is recognised.
       When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
       subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
       subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
       on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
       investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).


       Business combinations or asset acquisitions
      Optional concentration test
       The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
       simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities or assets is not a business. The concentration test is
       met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
       group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
       tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set
       of activities or assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.


      Asset acquisitions
       When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
       and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
       first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
       is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
       purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.
180   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (1)    Business combination (continued)
             Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combination
             Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
             business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
             the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
             the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
             At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
             contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
             assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS
             12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits , respectively.
             Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
             proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially recognised at either fair value or
             the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
             The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.



      (2)    Joint ventures
             A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net
             assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.
             Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
             about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
             When judging whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:
             –      whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;
             –      whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                    parties sharing control.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
             year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
             ventures.
             Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
             of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
             Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
             assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
             the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
             The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
             impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
             and 4(11)).
             When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
             recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
             obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
             ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
             substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.
             Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
             to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
             impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
             When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and has no significant influence on it, it is
             accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
             the consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit
             or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value
             and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     181
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(3)    Associates
       Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control. Significant
       influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
       or joint control of those policies.
       When judging whether there is any significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:
       –      representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;
       –      participation in policy-making processes;
       –      material transactions between the entity and its investee.
       Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method.
       Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
       of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
       Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
       assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
       the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.
       The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year,
       including any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see
       Notes 4(4) and 4(11)).
       When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
       recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
       obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
       is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
       form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.
       Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
       extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
       of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
       When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
       entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
       former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
       as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).


(4)    Goodwill
       Goodwill represents the excess of
       (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
              based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
              held equity interests in the acquiree; over
       (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
       When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
       purchase.
       Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
       to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
       combination and tested at least annually for impairment (see Note 4(11)).
       On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
       of the profit or loss on disposal.
182   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments
             Initial recognition
             A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
             equity instrument of another enterprise.
             All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
             way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
             established by regulation or convention in the market place.
            At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
            receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
            from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
            assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss)
            are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
            recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair
            value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
             and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
             rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
             received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
             through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
             net carrying amount on initial recognition. When determining the effective interest rate, the Group estimates the
             future cash flow on the basis of considering all contract terms of financial assets or financial liabilities, but does not
             consider the expected credit loss.


             Classification and measurement of financial assets
             The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
             assets at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss.
             Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
             •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
             •      the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                    of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    183
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
       Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
       comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
       •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
               cash flows and selling; and
       •       the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
               of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
       All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
       the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
       subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
       income (“OCI”).
       A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:
       •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
       •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
               together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
               hedging instrument.
       In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
       as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


      Financial assets at amortised cost
       Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method, and the
       gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is calculated
       by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
       that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
       interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
       the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial
       asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
       carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
       the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


      Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
       Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
       income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
       or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated under
       the heading of investment revaluation reserve. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding
       adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of debt instruments. The amounts that are recognised
       in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt instruments
       had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses
       previously recognised in investment revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.
184   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
            Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
             At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an
             instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as
             at FVTOCI. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
             Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
             in OCI and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
             cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
             transferred to retained earnings.
             Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
             to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
             investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.


            Financial assets at FVTPL
             Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
             FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
             period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
             loss includes fair value gains or losses, any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset, and is included in
             “other net income”.


             Impairment under ECL model
             The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
             are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments , including financial assets at amortised cost, debt
             instrument assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, leases receivable, loan commitments and
             financial guarantee contracts. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
             since initial recognition.
             The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
             represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
             months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
             events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
             to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
             as well as the forecast of future conditions.
            For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, except for the purchased or originated credit-impaired
            financial assets, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed
            at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to recognise lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of
            these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the initial recognition, the Group recognises a loss
            allowance for the financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant increase in
            credit risk, the Group recognises a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The Group recognises the loss
            allowance of receivables that result from transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts
            with customers at an amount equal to lifetime ECL.


            Significant increase in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
             of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
             the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
             quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
             forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
             has increased significantly is detailed in Note 60(a).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        185
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Impairment under ECL model (continued)
      Credit-impaired financial assets
       The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
       management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit-impaired
       when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.


      Measurement and recognition of ECL
       ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. The
       measurement and recognition of ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).
       Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
       accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
       interest rate determined at initial recognition.
       For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
       measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases .
       For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
       debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
       the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
       that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
       For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
       are due to the Group:
       •       if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and
       •       the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
       The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is recognised in profit or loss and
       accumulated in provisions. As for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
       accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets.
       The loss allowance for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is
       recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.


       Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL
       Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading (including derivatives
       belonging to financial liabilities) or (ii) designated as at FVTPL. Except for hedging accounting, financial liabilities
       measured at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value and all changes in fair value are recognised in profit or
       loss.
       A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:
       •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
       •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
               together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
               hedging instrument.
186   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
             A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
             recognition if:
             •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                    otherwise arise; or
             •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed
                    and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
                    management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis;
                    or
             •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                    permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


            Other financial liabilities
             Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial liabilities formed by the transfer of financial assets that do not
             meet the conditions for derecognition or by continued involvement in transferred financial assets and financial
             liabilities, financial guarantee contract and loan commitment, other financial liabilities are classified as financial
             liabilities at amortised cost, which are subsequently measured at amortised cost and the gains or losses arising from
             derecognition or amortisation are included in profit or loss.


             Hedge accounting
             The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair value hedge and cash flow hedge.
             The Group documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk
             management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, at the inception of a hedging relationship. The
             Group also requires documentation of the assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether
             the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
             flows of hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.


             Fair value hedge
             The gains or losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. When
             the hedging for the risk exposure relates to an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI, the gains or
             losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in other comprehensive income.
             The carrying amount of the hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the gain or loss
             attributable to the risk being hedged and is taken to consolidated statement of profit or loss. The adjustment to the
             carrying amount of the hedged item is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
             begins and shall be amortised to consolidated statement of profit or loss if the hedged item is a financial
             instrument measured at amortised cost. Amortisation begins as soon as an adjustment exists but no later than
             when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses. If the hedged item is debt instruments
             measured at FVTOCI, the amounts previously recorded as cumulative adjustments of hedging gains or losses are
             amortised in similar method and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The carrying amount of
             the hedged item is not adjusted.


            Cash flow hedge
             The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
             hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
             loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
             For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
             hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period during which the hedged cash
             flows affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
             criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
             transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
             no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                187
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Hedge accounting (continued)
      Hedge effectiveness testing
       The Group has elected to adopt the general hedge accounting in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. This requires the
       Group to ensure that hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy
       and to apply a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.
       For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
       changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
       relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
       •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
       •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
              and
       •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
              item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses
              to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
       If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
       risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
       ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.


       Specific items
      Cash equivalents
       Cash equivalents comprise investments that are short term, highly liquid, readily convertible into known amounts of
       cash and subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, and unrestricted balances with the central banks, banks
       and other financial institutions, and amounts held under resale agreements, with original maturity of 3 months or
       less.


      Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
       Banks refer to those approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other financial
       institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies, leasing companies
       and insurance companies which are registered with and under the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance
       Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”) and securities firms and investment fund companies which are registered with
       and under the supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial
       institutions are measured at amortised cost.


      Resale and repurchase agreements
       Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
       resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
       “amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

       The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
       over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
       (as appropriate).
188   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Specific items (continued)
            Financial investments
             Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
             designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
             fair value option.


            Loans and advances to customers
             Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
             loans and advances to customers.
             Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or
             loss (loans and advances to customers at FVTPL), loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and
             advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances to customers at
             FVTOCI) in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value
             option.


            Derivative financial instruments
             The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
             option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own risk management purposes.
             The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks that can conduct such business and financial institutions
             to hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers.
             Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. Except for the gains or losses arising from the effective
             hedging portion of those derivatives in cash flow hedge and the gains or losses on the hedging instrument that
             hedges an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income, all
             other gains or losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            Embedded derivatives
            Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
            Instruments are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
            either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not
            financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments are treated as separate derivatives with the same
            terms when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those
            of the host contracts and the hybrid contracts are not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are
            measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying
            cash flow hedging relationship.


            Equity instruments
             The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
             shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
             instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                       189
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(5)    Financial instruments (continued)
       Specific items (continued)
      Equity instruments (continued)
       A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:
       (i)    the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
              another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
              are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and
       (ii)   if the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
              instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
              equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
              or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.
       At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued or their
       components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
       substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
       For perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued that classified as equity instruments, any distribution
       of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the perpetual bonds and
       perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redeemed amount is charged to equity. Relevant transaction expenses are
       deducted from equity.
       At initial recognition of preference shares, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
       as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
       considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.
       When the Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument, fees, commissions and other transaction
       costs of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as
       profit distribution at the time of declaration.


       Derecognition of financial instruments
      (a)     Financial assets
              A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
              is derecognised when:
              •       the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
              •       the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or
              •       has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them
                      in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the
                      Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or
                      the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                      the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
              Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
              to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
              transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
              asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.
              Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
              lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
              could be required to repay.
              The Group writes off a financial asset (if any) when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
              severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
              event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
190   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (5)    Financial instruments (continued)
             Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
            (b)     Securitisation
                    As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises credit assets, generally through the sale of these
                    assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
                    be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).
                    When applying the accounting policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the
                    degree of transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised
                    by the Group over the transferred financial assets:
                    •      when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                           the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;
                    •      when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,
                           the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and
                    •      when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                           of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial
                           assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise
                           separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the
                           Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its
                           continuing involvement in the financial assets.
                    When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
                    not derecognised, and the consideration collected from third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
                    When the securitisation results in derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets, the Group
                    allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
                    and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. Gains or losses on
                    securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
                    of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
                    be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.


            (c)     Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                    Derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic substance
                    of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially
                    the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not derecognise
                    the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset at its fair value
                    at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will derecognise the
                    financial asset.


            (d)     Financial liabilities
                    A financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised when the obligation under the liability (or part of it) is
                    discharged, cancelled or expired.


             Offsetting financial instruments
             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial
             position when, and only when, the Group currently has there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
             amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    191
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(6)    Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation
       Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
       accumulated impairment losses. These also include land held under operating leases and buildings thereon, where
       the fair value of the leasehold interest in the land and buildings cannot be measured separately at the inception of
       the lease and the building is not clearly held under an operating lease.
       Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over the following
       estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:

       Land and buildings                                                                                           20 years

       Investment properties                                                                                        20 years

       Computer equipment                                                                                             3 years

       Leasehold improvements (leased property)                                                    the estimated useful lives

       Leasehold improvements (self-owned property)                                                the estimated useful lives

       Aircraft, vessels and professional equipment                                                   no more than 25 years

       Other                                                                                                      3 – 5 years

       Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
       comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
       of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
       in progress.
       Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
       probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
       expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense as incurred.
       Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
       between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment and investment property,
       and are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.



(7)    Repossessed assets
       In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral through
       court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Repossessed assets other than equity
       instrument are reported in “other assets”.
       Repossessed assets of equity instruments are detailed in Note 4(5).


(8)    Intangible assets
       Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
       accumulated impairment losses (see Note 4(11)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged
       to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
       Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
       intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of the reporting period.
       The amortisation period of intangible assets is as follows:

       Software and Other                                            Core deposit
       2 – 20 years                                                  28 years



       Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.
192   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)    Leases
             Definition of a lease
             A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
             period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
             the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
             terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


             As a lessee
            (a)     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                    For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
                    the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
                    stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


            (b)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                    The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
                    arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
                    do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is equivalent to below
                    RMB35,000).
                    Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a
                    straight-line basis over the lease term.


            (c)     Right-of-use assets
                    The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                    The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:
                    •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
                    •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                    •      any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                    •      whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the
                           site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                           conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                           Liabilities and Contingent Assets . The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those
                           costs are incurred to produce inventories.
                    After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions)
                    less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.
                    The Group recognises the depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line basis.
                    Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying
                    asset. If a lease transfers the ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects
                    that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
                    useful life of the underlying asset.
                    Accounting policy for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(11).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    193
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(9)    Leases (continued)
       As a lessee (continued)
      (d)     Leasehold land and building
              For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
              property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
              reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
              for as investment properties.


      (e)     Lease liabilities
              Lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.
              Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value asset, lease liability is initially measured at the present
              value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date using lessee’s incremental
              borrowing rate as the discount rate.
              Lease payments refer to the payment made by the lessee to the lessor in connection with the right to use
              the leased assets during the lease term. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
              comprise:
              •      fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;
              •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
                     the commencement date;
              •      the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;
              •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
                     terminate the lease; and
              •      the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.
              After the beginning date of the lease term, the Group calculates the interest expense of the lease liability in
              each period of the lease term at a fixed periodic interest rate, and recognised it in the current profit and loss
              or related asset costs.
              After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability according to the present value
              calculated by the revised lease payment amount and the revised discount rate and makes a corresponding
              adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever:
              •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                     which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                     discount rate; or
              •      the lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment
                     under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                     the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results
                     from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects
                     changes in the interest rate.
194   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (9)    Leases (continued)
             As a lessor
             Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
             transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
             All other leases are classified as operating leases.
             Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
             in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
             income under finance leases are amortised using the effective interest method over the lease term. Accounting
             policy for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).
             When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating lease is recognised in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
             incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
             in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
             profit or loss in the accounting period in which it is incurred.
            When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
            Customers to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.


             As a buyer-lessor in a sale and leaseback transactions
            For a transfer of asset that does not meet the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
            to account for a sale of asset, the Group acting as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and
            recognises loan and advance to customers at an amount that equals the transfer proceed within the scope of IFRS 9
            Financial Instruments .


      (10) Insurance contracts
             Insurance contracts classification
             Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant insurance risk, relative to an
             insured event or occurrence. When necessary, the Group enters into reinsurance contracts to transfer insurance risks
             to reinsurer. A significant insurance risk test is performed at inception of the insurance contracts.


             Insurance income recognition
             Premiums from long-term life insurance contracts are recognised as revenue when due from policy holders.
             Premiums related to short-term non-life insurance contracts are recognised when received at the inception of the
             policy, as unearned insurance premiums in liabilities, and are amortised on a straight-line basis into the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss over the term of the policy. When the Group has transferred insurance risk through
             reinsurance contracts, the Group calculates the amount of premium ceded and the reinsurers’ share of expenses
             and recognises them through the consolidated statement of profit or loss in accordance with the terms of the
             reinsurance contracts.


             Insurance contract liabilities
             Insurance contract liabilities are measured based on a reasonable estimate of the amount of payments that
             the Group will be required to make to fulfil its obligations under the insurance contracts, which represents the
             difference between expected future cash outflows and inflows related to such contracts. A reasonable estimate of
             expected future net cash flows is determined based on information currently available as at the end of the reporting
             period.
             The Group has considered the impact of time value in the liability calculation for long-term life insurance. The
             Group performs liability adequacy tests based on information currently available as at the reporting date. Additional
             insurance contract liabilities should be recorded if any deficiency exists.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      195
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(11) Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under
     ECL model
       The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets including property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
       intangible assets, investment properties, interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, goodwill and other
       non-current assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below
       the carrying amount. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount.
       The amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount
       of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future expected cash flows. In
       assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.
       Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify any
       indications that other assets may be impaired.
       If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
       that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
       estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


       –      Calculation of recoverable amount
              The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value less disposal
              expense and the present value of future cash flows. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
              are discounted to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
              of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
              largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group
              of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


       –      Recognition of impairment losses
              An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
              amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
              Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
              amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
              carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
              carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
              if determinable.



(12) Precious metals
       Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost
       and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals that are related to the
       Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
       recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
196   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (13) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
             Financial guarantees issued
             Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
             reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
             make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
             issued is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with accounting policy set out
             in Note 4(5).


             Provisions and contingent liabilities
             Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
             obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
             required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
             provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.
             Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
             reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
             remote.



      (14) Income recognition
             Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
             increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.


             Net interest income
             Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
             “Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
             on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
             is recognised in “Other net income”.


             Dividend income
             Dividend income from investments is recognised when the dividend is declared and approved by the investee.


             Rental income
             Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the
             straight-line method over the lease term.


             Premium income
             Premium income represents gross insurance premium written less reinsurance ceded, as adjusted for unearned
             premium. Gross premiums written are recognised at the date of risk inception.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    197
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(14) Income recognition (continued)
       Fee and commission income
       Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance
       obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
       is transferred to the customer.
       A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
       of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
       obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
       price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.
       The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
       at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
       to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
       techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
       consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
       to the customer.
       For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
       be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
       better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
       The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
       probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
       associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
       updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable
       consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and
       the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.
       For each performance obligation identified, the Group determines at contract inception whether it satisfies the
       performance obligation over time or satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time. Control is transferred
       over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
       relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
       •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
              Group performs;
       •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;
              or
       •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
              an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
       Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
       If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress towards
       complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
       obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
       of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
       promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
198   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (14) Income recognition (continued)
             Fee and commission income (continued)
             If revenue is recognised at a point in time, the Group recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control
             of the distinct good or service. To determine the point in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised
             service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should also be considered. They include, but are not
             limited to:
             •      the Group has a present right to payment for the goods or services;
             •      the Group has transferred physical possession of the goods;
             •      the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
             •      the customer has accepted the goods or services.
             When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
             nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
             principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
             The Group is a principal if it can control the goods or service before transferring it to customers. The Group is an
             agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service by another party.
             In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another party before that goods
             or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount
             of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
             services to be provided by the other party.
             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
             transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional
             right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
             A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
             has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.



      (15) Taxation
             Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
             or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
             equity.
             Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
             enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
             Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
             the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
             Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. The amount of deferred tax provided is
             based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
             rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
             discounted.
             A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
             against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
             that the related tax benefit will be realised.
             The Group shall recognise a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with investments
             in subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures that both of the following conditions are satisfied: the
             temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future; and it is probably to obtain the taxable
             income used to offset the deductible temporary difference in the future. The Group shall recognise a deferred tax
             liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates
             and joint ventures, except where both of the following conditions are satisfied: the investor is able to control the
             timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
             in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      199
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(15) Taxation (continued)
       Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
       and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
       deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
       liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
       •      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
              the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
       •      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
              authority on either:
              –       the same taxable entity; or
              –       different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                      liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                      settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.



(16) Foreign currencies translations
       In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
       entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
       transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
       at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
       currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items
       that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
       Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:
       •      exchange differences on transactions entered into as part of the effective portion of a hedge on certain
              foreign currency risks; or
       •      exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which
              settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
              operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit
              or loss on repayment of the monetary items.
       For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
       foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
       period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
       fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
       Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
       reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
       On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
       of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss.
200   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
      (17) Employee benefits
             Salaries and staff welfare
             Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
             employees.


             Post-employment benefits
             The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
             provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
             jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
             The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
             the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
             and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
             The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
             credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
             the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in
             future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any
             applicable minimum funding requirements.
             Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
             assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
             in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
             liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
             beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
             in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
             interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss.
             When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
             past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
             and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.


             Share-based payment
             The Group offers H share appreciation rights to its employee, namely H Share Appreciation Rights Scheme for the
             Senior Management (“the Scheme”), which is settled in cash. Cash-settled share-based payments are measured at
             the fair value of the liabilities incurred by the Group, which are determined based on the price of the share. The
             Group recognises the services for the period as related costs or expenses, with a corresponding increase in liability,
             at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on the best estimate of the outcome of vesting at the end
             of each reporting period within the vesting period. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value
             of the liability at each reporting period end and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised
             in profit or loss for the period.
             The fair value of the H share appreciation rights is using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and
             condition upon which the H share appreciation rights were granted.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   201
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



4.     Principal accounting policies (continued)
(18) Related parties
       For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
       the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over
       the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject
       to control, common control or common significant influence (except that the Group and the party are subject
       to common significant influence of the other party). Related parties may be individuals (being members of key
       management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include
       entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals,
       and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a
       related party of the Group.



(19) Segmental reporting
       Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
       identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
       the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
       geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
       unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
       services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
       products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
       individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.



(20) Fiduciary activities
       The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
       and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
       financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
       commission.



(21) Dividends or profit distributions
       Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.



(22) General reserve
       The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
       allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. In principle, the
       balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. In addition, the general
       reserve includes 2.5% of the income of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also
       includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and
       regulations of their industry or region.
202   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements
             In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
             of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
             assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
             historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
             and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
             policies.



      (1)    Control over structured entity
             Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgement on whether it is the
             principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
             When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among others, the scope of its
             decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
             is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
             variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.



      (2)    Classification of financial assets
             Business model assessment: Classification and measurement of financial assets of the Group involves significant
             judgement on business model. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of
             financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. Specific considerations include how
             the performance of the assets is evaluated and measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
             how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated.



      (3)    Derecognition of financial assets transferred
             In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
             including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
             Group applies significant judgement and estimate in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets and
             qualified for a full derecognition.
             Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
             Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
             that it controls these structured entities and the Group needs to consolidate them. This will determine whether the
             following derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the
             financial assets are transferred.
             The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
             derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:
             •      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
                    qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;
             •      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.
                    Significant judgement and estimate is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before
                    and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of the Group’s assessment on the extent
                    that risks and rewards are transferred.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   203
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
(4)    Impairment under ECL model
       •      Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
              or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
              significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly
              increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward
              looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.
       •      Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective
              basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)
              for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the
              credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required
              in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the
              assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better
              reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets.
       •      Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement
              is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the
              assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. Refer to
              Note 60(a)(iii)for more details.
       •      Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward
              looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers
              and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.
       •      Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood
              of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and
              expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii) for more details.
       •      Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference
              between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into
              account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.
204   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      5.     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
      (5)    Fair value of financial instruments
             For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
             instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
             market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis or
             option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed by
             qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the business unit that constructed
             the valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are
             calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make
             the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be
             noted that some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates.
             Management estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is
             measured using third party information such as broker quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate
             the evidence obtained from third party to support the conclusion that the relevant valuation meets the requirements
             of IFRS, including the category of the relevant valuation at the appropriate level in the fair value hierarchy.



      (6)    Income taxes
             Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
             Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
             treatment of such transactions is reviewed periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred
             tax assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
             assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
             which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future
             taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if
             it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.



      (7)    Impairment of goodwill
             The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
             that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU or
             group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make
             an estimate of the expected future cash flows from CGU or group of CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount
             rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
             expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
             revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                           205
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



6.     Interest income
                                                                                                                  2022                       2021
       Loans and advances to customers                                                                        265,601                    250,662
          – Corporate loans                                                                                    86,754                     80,575
          – Retail loans                                                                                      168,174                    159,124
          – Discounted bills                                                                                   10,673                     10,963
       Balances with central banks                                                                              8,482                      7,792
       Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                                     1,242                        902
       Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                   7,760                      5,526
       Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                     4,487                      6,115
       Financial investments                                                                                   65,808                     56,059
          – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                                         19,654                     15,875
          – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                 46,154                     40,184
       Total                                                                                                  353,380                    327,056

       Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2022, included in the above is the interest income of RMB12,668 million accrued on loans and advances to
               customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (2021: RMB12,337 million).




7.     Interest expense
                                                                                                                  2022                       2021
       Deposits from customers                                                                                105,836                      84,332
       Borrowing from central banks                                                                             2,828                       7,635
       Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                     9,782                      11,993
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                                   4,567                       3,519
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                                                 1,960                       2,571
       Debt securities issued                                                                                   9,662                      12,532
       Lease liabilities                                                                                          510                         555
       Total                                                                                                  135,145                    123,137




8.     Fee and commission income
                                                                                                                  2022                       2021
       Commissions from wealth management                                                                       30,903                     36,053
       Commissions from asset management                                                                        12,457                     10,856
       Bank cards fees                                                                                          21,399                     19,377
       Clearing and settlement fees                                                                             15,051                     13,902
       Commissions from credit commitment and lending business                                                   5,753                      6,321
       Commissions on custodian business                                                                         5,791                      5,433
       Other                                                                                                    12,018                     10,376
       Total                                                                                                  103,372                    102,318

       In 2022, the Group optimised the grouping criteria for the detailed items of “Commissions from wealth
       management” and “Other” in the note to fee and commission income, and the comparative figures were re-
       presented accordingly.
206   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      9.     Other net income
                                                                                                                         2022                        2021
             Net (loss)/gain from fair value change                                                                    (2,675)                        92
               – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                            (2,204)                       544
               – derivatives instruments                                                                                 (120)                        12
               – precious metals                                                                                         (351)                      (464)
             Net investment income                                                                                     18,013                     17,822
               – financial instruments at FVTPL                                                                        12,443                     14,839
               – gain/(loss) on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                            170                       (657)
               – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                         5,161                      3,516
                  – of which: gain on disposal of bills                                                                 3,291                      2,434
               – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                             153                         74
               – other                                                                                                     86                         50
             Foreign exchange gain                                                                                      3,600                      3,351
             Other income                                                                                               9,702                      6,868
               – rental income                                                                                          9,181                      6,415
               – insurance income                                                                                         521                        453
             Other                                                                                                      1,065                        878
             Total                                                                                                     29,705                     29,011




      10. Operating expenses
                                                                                                                         2022                        2021
             Staff costs                                                                                               70,657                     66,028
               – Salaries and bonuses                                                                                  55,647                     51,031
               – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance                                                  8,421                      8,011
               – Other                                                                                                  6,589                      6,986
             Tax and surcharges                                                                                         3,005                      2,772
             Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties                                          10,279                      8,857
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                          1,061                      1,153
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        4,151                      4,259
             Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense                                             229                        250
             Charge for insurance claims                                                                                  360                        311
             Other general and administrative expenses (note)                                                          32,319                     33,249
             Total                                                                                                   122,061                     116,879

             Note:   Auditors’ remuneration amounting to RMB31 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB29 million) is included in other general
                     and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  207
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
       The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows:
                                                                                  2022
                                                                  Salaries,
                                                               allowances                        Retirement
                                                 Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                      fees         in kind          bonuses    contributions            Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                         (i)               (i)
       Executive director
       Wang Liang                                         –          3,625                –                 –           3,625
       Subtotal                                           –          3,625                –                 –           3,625
       The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for his services in connection with the management of the affairs
       of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                     –                 –                –              –                –
       Hu Jianhua (ii)                                  –                 –                –              –                –
       Sun Yunfei (ii)                                  –                 –                –              –                –
       Zhou Song                                        –                 –                –              –                –
       Hong Xiaoyuan                                    –                 –                –              –                –
       Zhang Jian                                       –                 –                –              –                –
       Su Min                                           –                 –                –              –                –
       Chen Dong (ii)                                   –                 –                –              –                –
       Subtotal                                           –               –               –                 –               –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
          directors and supervisors
       Wong See Hong                                   500                –               –                 –             500
       Li Menggang                                     500                –               –                 –             500
       Liu Qiao                                        500                –               –                 –             500
       Tian Hongqi                                     500                –               –                 –             500
       Li Chaoxian                                     500                –               –                 –             500
       Shi Yongdong                                    500                –               –                 –             500
       Xiong Liangjun                                     –          3,317                –                 –           3,317
       Luo Sheng (v)                                      –               –               –                 –               –
       Peng Bihong                                        –               –               –                 –               –
       Wu Heng                                            –               –               –                 –               –
       Xu Zhengjun                                     400                –               –                 –             400
       Cai Hongping (v)                                202                –               –                 –             202
       Zhang Xiang (v)                                 202                –               –                 –             202
       Wang Wanqing                                       –          2,650                –                 –           2,650
       Cai Jin                                            –          1,548                –                 –           1,548
       Subtotal                                      3,804           7,515                –                 –          11,319
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
       employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
208   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                                 2022
                                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                                      allowances                                  Retirement
                                                                    Directors’       and benefits          Discretionary              scheme
                                                                         fees             in kind                bonuses        contributions                 Total
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (i)                   (i)
             Former executive, non-executive
               directors and supervisors
             Fu Gangfeng (iv)                                                 –                      –                     –                     –                    –
             Tian Huiyu (iii)                                                 –                      –                     –                     –                    –
             Wang Daxiong (iii)                                               –                      –                     –                     –                    –
             Luo Sheng (iii)                                                  –                      –                     –                     –                    –
             Guo Xikun (vi)                                                   –                      –                     –                     –                    –
             Ding Huiping (vi)                                              167                      –                     –                     –                  167
             Han Zirong (vi)                                                167                      –                     –                     –                  167
             Subtotal                                                       334                      –                     –                     –                  334
             The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
             directors or supervisors of the Bank.
             Total                                           4,138           11,140             –                –           15,278

             Notes:

             (i)      The total remuneration before tax for the full-time directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group is not yet finalised. Details of their
                      remaining compensation will be disclosed separately when their total remuneration is confirmed.

             (ii)     In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Hu Jianhua, Mr. Sun Yunfei
                      and Mr. Chen Dong were elected as Non-Executive Directors of the Bank, whose qualifications as the Directors were approved by the CBIRC in
                      October 2022.

             (iii)    In June 2022, Mr. Wang Daxiong and Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Bank after the end of the 2021 Annual
                      General Meeting due to the expiry of their terms of office, and Mr. Tian Huiyu ceased to be an Executive Director of the Bank after the end of
                      the 2021 Annual General Meeting.

             (iv)     In November 2022, Mr. Fu Gangfeng ceased to be the Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Bank due to change of work
                      arrangement.

             (v)      In June 2022, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Luo Sheng was elected as
                      the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank and Mr. Cai Hongping and Mr. Zhang Xiang were elected as External Supervisors of the Bank.

             (vi)     In June 2022, Mr. Guo Xikun ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to the expiry of his terms of office, and Mr. Ding
                      Huiping and Mr. Han Zirong ceased to serve as External Supervisors of the Bank due to the expiry of their terms of office.

             (vii)    As of 31 December 2022, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. Details of the Scheme are set
                      out in Note 39 (a)(iii).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            209
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                 2021
                                                                 Salaries,
                                                              allowances                        Retirement
                                                Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary          scheme
                                                      fees        in kind         bonuses     contributions      Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                        (i)
       Executive directors
       Tian Huiyu                                       –           4,158                –              40       4,198
       Wang Liang                                       –           3,302            1,403              40       4,745
       Subtotal                                         –           7,460            1,403              80       8,943
       The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
       affairs of the Bank and the Group.
       Non-executive directors
       Miao Jianmin                                   –                –               –               –             –
       Fu Gangfeng                                    –                –               –               –             –
       Zhou Song                                      –                –               –               –             –
       Hong Xiaoyuan                                  –                –               –               –             –
       Zhang Jian                                     –                –               –               –             –
       Su Min                                         –                –               –               –             –
       Wang Daxiong                                   –                –               –               –             –
       Luo Sheng                                      –                –               –               –             –
       Subtotal                                         –               –                –               –            –
       The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.
       Independent non-executive
         directors and supervisors
       Wong See Hong                                500               –               –                  –         500
       Li Menggang                                  500               –               –                  –         500
       Liu Qiao                                     500               –               –                  –         500
       Tian Hongqi                                  500               –               –                  –         500
       Li Chaoxian (ii)                             183               –               –                  –         183
       Shi Yongdong (ii)                            183               –               –                  –         183
       Xiong Liangjun (iii)                            –          3,164           1,344                 48       4,556
       Peng Bihong                                     –              –               –                  –           –
       Wu Heng                                         –              –               –                  –           –
       Guo Xikun (iv)                                  –              –               –                  –           –
       Ding Huiping                                 400               –               –                  –         400
       Han Zirong                                   400               –               –                  –         400
       Xu Zhengjun                                  400               –               –                  –         400
       Wang Wanqing                                    –          2,747               –                 48       2,795
       Cai Jin (v)                                     –            123               –                 48         171
       Subtotal                                     3,566           6,034            1,344             144      11,088
       The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services and
       employment as directors or supervisors of the Bank.
210   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                                    allowances                                Retirement
                                                                  Directors’       and benefits        Discretionary              scheme
                                                                        fees            in kind             bonuses         contributions                Total
                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (i)
             Former executive, non-executive
               directors and supervisors
             Liu Jianjun (vi)                                               –               1,373                  531                    19              1,923
             Leung Kam Chung, Antony (ii)                                 317                   –                    –                     –                317
             Zhao Jun (ii)                                                317                   –                    –                     –                317
             Liu Yuan (vii)                                                 –               2,368                  898                    31              3,297
             Wen Jianguo (viii)                                             –                   –                    –                     –                  –
             Liu Xiaoming (ix)                                              –               1,979                    –                    48              2,027
             Subtotal                                                     634               5,720                1,429                    98              7,881
             The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as
             directors or supervisors of the Bank.
             Total                                        4,200          19,214          4,176           322           27,912

             Notes:

             (i)      On 29 September 2022, the Board of Directors approved the discretionary bonuses of the Bank’s directors, supervisors and executive officers
                      for 2021.

             (ii)     In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi
                      Yongdong were elected as the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Bank, whose qualifications as the Independent Non-Executive
                      Directors were approved by the CBIRC in August 2021. At the same time, Mr. Leung Kam Chung, Antony and Mr. Zhao Jun ceased to be the
                      Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Bank due to the expiry of their terms of office.

             (iii)    In August 2021, Mr. Xiong Liangjun was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank.
                      According to the resolutions passed at the 21st meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank, Mr. Xiong Liangjun
                      was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank.

             (iv)     In June 2021, according to the relevant resolutions passed at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Bank, Mr. Guo Xikun was elected as
                      the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank.

             (v)      In December 2021, Ms. Cai Jin was elected as the Employee Supervisor of the Bank at the employee representative meeting of the Bank.

             (vi)     In May 2021, Mr. Liu Jianjun ceased to be the Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Bank
                      due to change of work arrangement.

             (vii)    In August 2021, Mr. Liu Yuan ceased to be the Chairman of Board of Supervisors and Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work
                      arrangement.

             (viii)   In April 2021, Mr. Wen Jianguo ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

             (ix)     In December 2021, Mr. Liu Xiaoming ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Bank due to change of work arrangement.

             (x)      As of 31 December 2021, the Group had offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme. Details of the Scheme are set
                      out in Note 39 (a)(iii).

             During the year of 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors
             or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
             During the year of 2022 and 2021, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived or
             agreed to waive any remuneration.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               211
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



12. Five highest paid individuals
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the five highest paid individuals included six persons in total, two of
       them were with the same emoluments and being the third highest paid individuals, and two of them were with the
       same emoluments and being the fourth highest paid individuals. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the five
       highest paid individuals included five persons in total, two of them were with the same emoluments and being the
       fourth highest paid individuals. Of these highest paid individuals, two (2021: three) were directors or supervisors
       of the Bank whose emoluments were included in Note 11 above. The aggregate emolument of the remaining four
       (2021: two) highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank is as follows:
                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
       Salaries and other emoluments                                                          11,764              6,048
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                       –              2,568
       Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                    –                 85
       Total                                                                                  11,764              8,701

       These highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments fell within
       the following bands is set out below:
                                                                                                2022               2021
       HKD
       3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                       4                   –
       3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                       –                   2
       4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                       –                   –
       4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                       –                   –
       5,000,001 – 5,500,000                                                                       –                   –




13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers
       Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:
                                                                                                2022               2021
       Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group outstanding
         at year end                                                                              34                  61
       Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
         outstanding during the year                                                              47                  66
212   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      14. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
             Loans and advances to customers                                                                                45,157                37,020
                – Loans and advances at amortised cost (Note 22(c)(i))                                                      40,175                35,678
                – Loans and advances at FVTOCI (Note 22(c)(ii))                                                              4,982                 1,342
             Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                                                        (3,284)                6,110
             Financial investments                                                                                           3,879                15,848
                – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                                                       4,234                13,201
                – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                                                                  (355)               2,647
             Financial guarantees and loan commitments                                                                        7,112                5,639
             Other                                                                                                            3,887                1,345
             Total                                                                                                          56,751                65,962




      15. Income tax
      (a)    Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
             Current income tax expense                                                                                     34,276                38,141
               – Chinese mainland                                                                                           33,133                37,222
               – Hong Kong                                                                                                     973                   767
               – Overseas                                                                                                      170                   152
             Deferred taxation                                                                                               (8,457)             (10,802)
             Total                                                                                                          25,819                27,339



      (b)    A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
             or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
             Profit before taxation                                                                                       165,113                148,173
             Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2021: 25%)                                                   41,278                 37,043
             Tax effects of the following items:
               – Effects of non-deductible expenses                                                                          1,593                 1,392
               – Effects of non-taxable income                                                                             (17,114)              (12,053)
               – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions                                                 (215)                 (258)
               – Transfer out of previously recognised deferred tax assets                                                     955                 1,716
               – Tax effect of perpetual bond interest expense                                                                (942)                 (550)
               – Other                                                                                                         264                    49
             Income tax expense                                                                                             25,819                27,339

             Note:   Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                          213
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



16. Other comprehensive income
(a)    Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income
                                                                            2022                                             2021
                                                           Before-tax    Tax benefit/     Net-of-tax    Before-tax         Tax benefit/    Net-of-tax
                                                             amount        (expense)        amount        amount             (expense)       amount
       Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss          732               553        1,285         8,382               (2,526)        5,856
          – Net fair value (loss)/gain on debt
              instruments measured at FVTOCI                   (7,353)         1,736          (5,617)       5,675               (1,519)        4,156
          – Net changes in expected credit losses of
              debt instruments measured at FVTOCI              4,631          (1,160)         3,471         4,060               (1,024)        3,036
          – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve              135             (23)           112            88                   17           105
          – Share of other comprehensive (expense)/
              income from equity-accounted investees           (1,155)               –        (1,155)         133                     –          133
          – Exchange difference on translation of
              financial statements of foreign operations       4,429                 –        4,429        (1,574)                    –       (1,574)
          – Other                                                 45                 –           45             –                     –            –
       Items that will not be reclassified subsequently
          to profit or loss                                       40                (2)          38         1,176                   157        1,333
          – Net fair value gain on equity instruments
               designated at FVTOCI                                52               (4)           48        1,158                   160        1,318
          – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme               (12)               2           (10)          18                    (3)          15
       Other comprehensive income                                772               551        1,323         9,558               (2,369)        7,189



(b)    Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
       follows:
                                                                                                                 2022                         2021
       Net fair value (loss)/gain on debt instruments measured at FVTOCI
         Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                      (1,746)                       6,793
         Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit
           or loss upon disposal                                                                               (3,871)                      (2,637)
       Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
         recognised in other comprehensive income                                                              (5,617)                       4,156
       Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
         measured at FVTOCI
         Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                           3,471                        3,036
       Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
         recognised in other comprehensive income                                                               3,471                        3,036
       Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
         Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                             48                     1,318
       Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
         recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                     48                     1,318
       Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve
         Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                           112                         74
         Reclassification adjustment for realised gain to profit or loss                                               –                         31
       Net movement in hedging reserve during the year recognised in other
         comprehensive income                                                                                        112                       105
214   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      17. Earnings per share
             The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
             Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year. As there were no diluted potential ordinary
             shares for the years of 2022 and 2021, there was no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share for
             both years.


                                                                                                                                 2022                         2021
             Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                                           138,012                      119,922
             Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                                             (1,675)                      (1,638)
                   Net profit attributable to holders of perpetual bonds                                                      (3,562)                      (1,975)
             Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                                    132,775                      116,309
             Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million shares)                                                   25,220                       25,220
             Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)                                                                 5.26                         4.61

             Note:

             The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017 and non-cumulative perpetual bonds in 2020 and 2021. For the purpose of calculating basic
             earnings per share, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares and interests on non-cumulative perpetual bonds declared during the year should be
             deducted from the amounts attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

             The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
             as of 31 December 2022 and 2021. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation for
             both years.




      18. Balances with central banks
                                                                                                                                 2022                         2021
             Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                                                            534,232                      484,878
             Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))                                                                              50,846                       65,819
             Other deposits with central banks (note (iii))                                                                    2,455                        2,958
             Interest receivable                                                                                                 285                          243
             Total                                                                                                           587,818                      553,898

             Notes:

             (i)      The Group places statutory deposit reserves with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and overseas central banks where it has operations.
                      The statutory deposit reserves are not available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions
                      located in the Chinese mainland are calculated at 7.5% and 6% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31
                      December 2022 (31 December 2021: 8% and 9% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include
                      deposits from government authorities and other organisations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business
                      and RMB deposits placed by financial institutions outside the Chinese mainland. The amounts of statutory deposit reserves placed with the
                      central banks of overseas countries are determined by local jurisdictions.

             (ii)     Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the Chinese mainland are mainly for clearing and settlement
                      purposes.

             (iii)    Other deposits with central banks primarily represent fiscal deposits and foreign exchange reserve placed with the PBOC.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                       215
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                  2022      2021
       Principal (a)                                             91,587    80,664
       Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                (509)     (378)
       Subtotal                                                  91,078    80,286
       Interest receivable                                         268         64
       Total                                                     91,346    80,350



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                  2022      2021
       Balances in the Chinese mainland                          57,809    37,453
         – Banks                                                 54,808    35,620
         – Other financial institutions                           3,001     1,833
       Balances outside the Chinese mainland                     33,778    43,211
         – Banks                                                 33,390    41,430
         – Other financial institutions                             388     1,781
       Total                                                     91,587    80,664
       Less: Impairment allowances                                 (509)     (378)
         – Banks                                                   (490)     (329)
         – Other financial institutions                             (19)      (49)
       Net carrying amount                                       91,078    80,286



(b)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                  2022      2021
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                     378       277
       Charge for the year (note 14)                               120       109
       Exchange difference                                          11        (8)
       Balance as at the end of the year                           509       378
216   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                         2022       2021
             Principal (a)                                             264,782    196,351
             Impairment allowances (a)(c)                               (2,658)    (2,860)
             Subtotal                                                  262,124    193,491
             Interest receivable                                         1,452        930
             Total                                                     263,576    194,421



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                         2022       2021
             Placements in the Chinese mainland                        202,381    127,959
               – Banks                                                  65,018     19,213
               – Other financial institutions                          137,363    108,746
             Placements outside the Chinese mainland                    62,401     68,392
               – Banks                                                  61,880     68,102
               – Other financial institutions                              521        290
             Total                                                     264,782    196,351
             Less: Impairment allowances                                (2,658)    (2,860)
               – Banks                                                    (163)      (136)
               – Other financial institutions                           (2,495)    (2,724)
             Net carrying amount                                       262,124    193,491



      (b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                         2022       2021
             Maturing
              – Within one month (inclusive)                            89,368     66,842
              – Between one month and one year (inclusive)             158,086    115,906
              – Over one year                                           14,670     10,743
             Total                                                     262,124    193,491



      (c)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                         2022       2021
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                     2,860        376
             (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                      (235)     2,481
             Exchange difference                                            33          3
             Balance as at the end of the year                           2,658      2,860
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                   217
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



21. Amounts held under resale agreements
                                                                             2022       2021
       Principal (a)                                                       277,561    528,564
       Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                         (1,094)    (4,263)
       Subtotal                                                            276,467    524,301
       Interest receivable                                                    209         300
       Total                                                               276,676    524,601



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                             2022       2021
       Amounts held under resale agreements in the Chinese mainland        277,382    528,447
        – Banks                                                             42,077     60,323
        – Other financial institutions                                     235,305    468,124
       Amounts held under resale agreements outside the Chinese mainland      179         117
        – Other financial institutions                                        179         117
       Total                                                               277,561    528,564
       Less: Impairment allowances                                          (1,094)    (4,263)
         – Banks                                                              (216)      (175)
         – Other financial institutions                                       (878)    (4,088)
       Net carrying amount                                                 276,467    524,301



(b)    Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                             2022       2021
       Maturing
        – Within one month (inclusive)                                     268,890    524,301
        – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                         7,577          –
       Total                                                               276,467    524,301



(c)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                             2022       2021
       Bonds                                                               256,129    522,202
       Bills                                                                20,338      2,099
       Total                                                               276,467    524,301



(d)    Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:
                                                                             2022       2021
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                               4,263        743
       (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                              (3,169)     3,520
       Balance as at the end of the year                                     1,094      4,263
218   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers
      (a)     Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                2022                2021
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)        5,432,112            5,075,052
              Interest receivable                                                             11,326               10,548
              Subtotal                                                                     5,443,438            5,085,600
              Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
                     at amortised cost (i)                                                  (254,913)            (244,523)
                    Loss allowances of interest receivable                                      (846)                (971)
              Subtotal                                                                      (255,759)            (245,494)
              Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                            5,187,679            4,840,106
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                                 614,481              488,004
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                   4,994                7,281
              Total                                                                        5,807,154            5,335,391



      (i)     Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                                2022                2021
              Corporate loans and advances                                                 2,270,323            2,087,247
              Retail loans and advances                                                    3,161,789            2,987,791
              Discounted bills                                                                     –                   14
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost            5,432,112            5,075,052
              Less: Loss allowances                                                         (254,913)            (244,523)
                    – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                (159,932)            (169,347)
                    – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                           (44,898)             (32,007)
                    – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                               (50,083)             (43,169)
              Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost              5,177,199            4,830,529



      (ii)    Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
                                                                                                2022                2021
              Corporate loans and advances                                                   100,430              56,713
              Discounted bills                                                               514,051             431,291
              Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                      614,481             488,004
              Loss allowances                                                                  (6,563)             (1,581)
                   – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                    (6,311)             (1,289)
                   – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                (252)               (292)
                   – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                       –                   –

              No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
              customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (iii)   Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL
                                                                                                2022                2021
              Corporate loans and advances                                                     4,863                6,978
              Discounted bills                                                                     3                    –
              Interest receivable                                                                128                  303
              Total                                                                            4,994                7,281
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                         219
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers
(i)    Analysed by industry sector and category:
      Operations in the Chinese mainland
                                                                                         2022                2021
       Transportation, storage and postal services                                    461,434             412,417
       Manufacturing                                                                  445,218             309,635
       Property development                                                           349,682             367,642
       Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water          203,870             187,611
       Wholesale and retail                                                           171,786             138,352
       Leasing and commercial services                                                158,320             170,009
       Construction                                                                   103,998             117,453
       Telecommunications, software and IT services                                    78,950              58,267
       Finance                                                                         75,593              57,988
       Water, environment and public utilities management                              64,886              64,427
       Mining                                                                          34,421              28,854
       Other                                                                           67,677              66,364
       Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                     2,215,835            1,979,019
       Discounted bills                                                               514,054             431,305
       Residential mortgage                                                         1,379,825            1,364,534
       Credit cards                                                                   884,395              840,254
       Micro-finance loans                                                            629,857              560,657
       Other                                                                          213,599              173,527
       Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                        3,107,676            2,938,972
       Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                              5,837,565            5,349,296



      Operations outside the Chinese mainland
                                                                                         2022                2021
       Finance                                                                         36,521               37,345
       Transportation, storage and postal services                                     30,814               33,186
       Property development                                                            26,298               34,062
       Manufacturing                                                                   20,494               23,763
       Telecommunications, software and IT services                                    10,908                7,727
       Production and supply of electric power, heating power, gas and water            9,023                7,077
       Wholesale and retail                                                             8,923                8,920
       Mining                                                                           6,074                5,651
       Leasing and commercial services                                                  3,430                4,749
       Construction                                                                     1,772                3,481
       Water, environment and public utilities management                                 110                  821
       Other                                                                            5,414                5,137
       Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                       159,781             171,919
       Discounted bills                                                                     –                    –
       Residential mortgage                                                             9,383                9,872
       Credit cards                                                                       124                  117
       Micro-finance loans                                                              1,181                1,214
       Other                                                                           43,425               37,616
       Subtotal of retail loans and advances                                           54,113               48,819
       Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                213,894             220,738

       As at 31 December 2022, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the Chinese
       mainland (31 December 2021: over 90%).
220   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)     Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (ii)    Analysed by type of guarantees:
                                                                                                                                2022                2021
              Credit loans                                                                                              2,219,635               1,977,014
              Guaranteed loans                                                                                            836,550                 752,744
              Collateralised loans                                                                                      2,132,337               2,075,639
              Pledged loans                                                                                               348,883                 333,332
              Subtotal                                                                                                  5,537,405               5,138,729
              Discounted bills                                                                                              514,054              431,305
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                                           6,051,459               5,570,034



      (iii)   Analysed by overdue term:
                                                                                                                     2022
                                                                                                  Overdue           Overdue
                                                                                Overdue              from              from         Overdue          Total
                                                                                  within         3 months       1 year up to       more than      overdue
                                                                               3 months       up to 1 year           3 years         3 years        loans
              Credit loans                                                        22,260            12,382             2,365              880      37,887
              Guaranteed loans                                                     6,533             7,537             3,581              762      18,413
              Collateralised loans                                                 5,180             6,177             2,913            1,696      15,966
              Pledged loans                                                        3,234               573               951            1,261       6,019
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     37,207            26,669             9,810            4,599      78,285

                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                                   Overdue           Overdue
                                                                                 Overdue              from              from         Overdue          Total
                                                                                   within        3 months        1 year up to       more than      overdue
                                                                                3 months       up to 1 year           3 years         3 years        loans
              Credit loans                                                        18,097            10,269             2,972              944      32,282
              Guaranteed loans                                                     1,141             2,650             3,476            1,403       8,670
              Collateralised loans                                                 2,616             2,733             3,610            2,142      11,101
              Pledged loans                                                          473               687               791            3,422       5,373
              Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                     22,327            16,339            10,849            7,911      57,426

              Note:   Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

              Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
              are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:
                                                                                                                                2022                2021
              Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                            4,198               1,517
              Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                                   1,819                 473
              Total                                                                                                             6,017               1,990
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            221
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)    Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(iv)   Analysed by ECL
                                                                                        2022
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             5,217,868       156,240           58,004    5,432,112
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
              customers at amortised cost                         (159,932)      (44,898)         (50,083)   (254,913)
       Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
         amortised cost                                          5,057,936       111,342            7,921    5,177,199
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   612,660         1,821                –      614,481
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
         at FVTOCI                                                   (6,311)         (252)              –       (6,563)

                                                                                        2021
                                                                               – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost             4,912,836       111,354           50,862    5,075,052
       Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to
              customers at amortised cost                         (169,347)      (32,007)         (43,169)    (244,523)
       Net amount of loans and advances to customers at
         amortised cost                                          4,743,489        79,347            7,693    4,830,529
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                   485,735         2,269                –      488,004
       Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers
         at FVTOCI                                                   (1,289)         (292)              –       (1,581)
222   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (c)    Movements of allowance for expected credit loss
      (i)    Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             amortised cost:
                                                                                              2022
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)       Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                     169,347        32,007           43,169    244,523
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                    3,039       (2,965)             (74)         –
               – Stage 2                                                   (7,699)       7,879             (180)         –
               – Stage 3                                                   (3,693)      (4,681)           8,374          –
             (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                       (1,694)      12,653           29,216     40,175
             Write-offs/disposals                                               –          (71)         (39,016)   (39,087)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                                 –            –             (386)      (386)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off                         –            –            8,972      8,972
             Exchange difference                                              632           76                8        716
             Balance as at the end of the year                           159,932        44,898           50,083    254,913

                                                                                              2021
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)      Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                     159,918        27,401           47,107    234,426
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                    5,848       (5,743)            (105)         –
               – Stage 2                                                   (1,137)       1,592             (455)         –
               – Stage 3                                                   (1,001)      (4,972)           5,973          –
             Charge for the year (note 14)                                  5,766       13,763           16,149     35,678
             Write-offs/disposals                                               –            –          (35,105)   (35,105)
             Unwinding of discount on allowance                                 –            –             (247)      (247)
             Recovery of loans and advances written off                         –            –            9,893      9,893
             Exchange difference                                              (47)         (34)             (41)      (122)
             Balance as at the end of the year                           169,347        32,007           43,169    244,523



      (ii)   Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit loss for loans and advances to customers measured at
             FVTOCI:
                                                                                                     2022            2021
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                 1,581             238
             Charge for the year (note 14)                                                           4,982           1,342
             Exchange difference                                                                         –               1
             Balance as at the end of the year                                                       6,563           1,581
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             223
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
(d)    Finance leases receivable
       The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
       leases of assets in which the Group is a lessor:
                                                                                            2022                 2021
       Total minimum leases receivable
       Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                          13,323               15,035
       Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                         11,035               11,225
       Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                         6,074                8,519
       Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                         6,089                5,323
       Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                         3,860                5,580
       Over 5 years                                                                       17,448               13,980
       Subtotal                                                                           57,829               59,662
       Unearned finance income                                                            (9,665)              (8,378)
       Present value of minimum leases receivable                                         48,164               51,284
       Less: Impairment allowances                                                        (3,671)              (3,237)
         – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                         (1,308)              (1,872)
         – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                   (1,646)                (632)
         – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                         (717)                (733)
       Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                                   44,493               48,047




23. Financial investments
                                                                          Notes             2022                 2021
       Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss         23(a)          423,467              348,123
       Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(b)        1,555,457            1,185,841
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         23(c)          780,349              636,038
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                            23(d)           13,416                6,995
       Total                                                                           2,772,689            2,176,997



(a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                          Notes             2022                 2021
       Financial investments measured at FVTPL                             (i)           411,591              318,245
       Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss    (ii)           11,876               29,878
       Total                                                                             423,467              348,123
224   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
      (i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL
            Financial investments held for trading
                                                                                        2022      2021
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer                                                    182,416   129,792
                – Government bonds                                                     81,781    46,721
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         21,871     9,861
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    35,999    21,245
                – Other debt securities                                                42,765    51,965
               Classified by listing                                                  182,416   129,792
                 – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                     167,998   113,762
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                 12,215    15,796
                 – Unlisted                                                             2,203       234
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets                                           1,971     1,949
                – Equity investments                                                       17         –
                – Fund investments                                                        814       811
                – Wealth management products                                            1,032     1,036
                – Long position in precious metal contracts                               108       102
               Classified by listing                                                    1,971     1,949
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                    134       111
                 – Unlisted                                                             1,837     1,838
             Total financial investments held for trading                             184,387   131,741
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                       225
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(a)    Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
(i)    Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
       Other financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                   2022      2021
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer                                                     20,789    17,094
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    14,039     9,784
           – Other debt securities                                                 6,750     7,310
         Classified by listing                                                    20,789    17,094
           – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                       18,216    15,388
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                   1,872     1,333
           – Unlisted                                                                701       373
       Other investments:
         Classified by underlying assets                                         206,415   169,410
           – Equity investments                                                    4,362     4,909
           – Fund investments                                                    199,725   161,959
           – Wealth management products                                            1,511     1,360
           – Other                                                                   817     1,182
         Classified by listing                                                   206,415   169,410
           – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                          330        62
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                     653     1,118
           – Unlisted                                                            205,432   168,230
       Total other financial investments measured at FVTPL                       227,204   186,504
       Total financial investments measured at FVTPL                             411,591   318,245



(ii)   Financial investments designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                   2022      2021
       Bonds:
         Classified by issuer                                                     11,876    29,878
           – Government Bonds                                                        218        41
           – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          4,559    17,970
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     6,370    11,251
           – Other debt securities                                                   729       616
         Classified by listing                                                    11,876    29,878
           – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                       11,656    28,793
           – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                     220     1,060
           – Unlisted                                                                  –        25
226   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)    Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                                          2022         2021
             Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                               1,579,845    1,209,359
             Interest receivable                                                         19,294       16,368
             Subtotal                                                                 1,599,139    1,225,727
             Impairment losses of principal (i)(ii)(iii)                                (43,448)     (39,707)
             Impairment losses of interest receivable                                      (234)        (179)
             Subtotal                                                                   (43,682)     (39,886)
             Total                                                                    1,555,457    1,185,841



      (i)    Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                          2022         2021
            Bonds:
              Classified by issuer                                                    1,452,499    1,078,888
                – Government bonds                                                      993,624      768,537
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                          394,126      280,129
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions      56,913       20,064
                – Other debt securities                                                   7,836       10,158
               Classified by listing                                                  1,452,499    1,078,888
                 – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                     1,395,184    1,068,300
                 – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                   33,319        4,740
                 – Unlisted                                                              23,996        5,848
              Fair value for the listed bonds                                         1,457,373    1,099,251
            Other investments:
              Classified by underlying assets                                          127,346      130,471
                 – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers               108,616      115,022
                 – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other
                      commercial banks                                                   5,500          100
                 – Non-standard assets – Other                                          12,582       14,729
                 – Other                                                                   648          620
               Classified by listing                                                   127,346      130,471
                 – Unlisted                                                            127,346      130,471
             Total                                                                    1,579,845    1,209,359
             Less: Loss allowances                                                      (43,448)     (39,707)
               Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                   (10,120)     (14,974)
               Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                (960)        (712)
               Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                 (32,368)     (24,021)
             Net debt investments at amortised cost                                   1,536,397    1,169,652
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            227
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
(ii)    Analysed by stage of ECL:
                                                                                        2022
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,543,652         2,073           34,120    1,579,845
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                at amortised cost                                  (10,120)          (960)        (32,368)     (43,448)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,533,532         1,113            1,752    1,536,397

                                                                                        2021
                                                                               – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
        Debt investments at amortised cost                       1,183,320         1,962           24,077    1,209,359
        Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                at amortised cost                                   (14,974)         (712)        (24,021)     (39,707)
        Net debt investments at amortised cost                   1,168,346         1,250               56    1,169,652



(iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                        2022
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
        Balance as at the beginning of the year                     14,974           712           24,021      39,707
        Transfer to:
          – Stage 1                                                       –             –               –           –
          – Stage 2                                                     (27)           27               –           –
          – Stage 3                                                    (153)         (298)            451           –
        (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                      (4,674)          518           8,390       4,234
        Write-offs/disposals                                              –             –            (531)       (531)
        Recovery of debt previously written off                           –             –              28          28
        Exchange difference                                               –             1               9          10
        Balance as at the end of the year                           10,120           960           32,368      43,448
228   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      23. Financial investments (continued)
      (b)     Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)
      (iii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)
                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                        – Stage 2
                                                                                         (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1       ECL – not          (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month            credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)       impaired)         impaired)        Total
              Balance as at the beginning of the year                     11,832              326           13,960        26,118
              Transfer to:
                – Stage 1                                                      –                –                   –          –
                – Stage 2                                                     (5)               5                   –          –
                – Stage 3                                                      –                –                   –          –
              Charge for the year (note 14)                                3,156              381               9,664     13,201
              Write-offs/disposals                                             –                –                 (10)       (10)
              Recovery of debt previously written off                          –                –                 419        419
              Exchange difference                                             (9)               –                 (12)       (21)
              Balance as at the end of the year                           14,974              712           24,021        39,707



      (c)     Debt investments at FVTOCI
                                                                                                        2022               2021
              Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)                                                          771,271            628,355
              Interest receivable                                                                       9,078              7,683
              Total                                                                                   780,349            636,038
              Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)                                     (6,540)            (6,622)
              Impairment losses of interest receivable                                                    (80)               (84)
              Total                                                                                    (6,620)            (6,706)

              No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
              FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.


      (i)     Debt investments at FVTOCI:
                                                                                                        2022               2021
              Bonds:
                Classified by issuer                                                                  771,271            628,355
                  – Government bonds                                                                  524,651            390,419
                  – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                       74,072             82,427
                  – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                 119,602            106,139
                  – Other debt securities                                                              52,946             49,370
                Classified by listing                                                                 771,271            628,355
                  – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                                    611,110            522,889
                  – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                                90,148             65,439
                  – Unlisted                                                                           70,013             40,027
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                         229
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



23. Financial investments (continued)
(c)    Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)
(ii)   Movements of allowances for expected credit loss
                                                                                                                               2022                           2021
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                                 6,622                          4,014
       (Release)/charge for the year (note 14)                                                                                  (355)                         2,647
       Exchange difference                                                                                                       273                            (39)
       Balance as at the end of the year                                                                                       6,540                          6,622



(d)    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                               2022                           2021
       Repossessed equity instruments                                                                                          3,266                            901
       Other                                                                                                                  10,150                          6,094
       Total                                                                                                                  13,416                          6,995
       Classified by listing
         – Listed in the Chinese mainland                                                                                      1,412                             65
         – Listed outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                 2,744                          2,204
         – Unlisted                                                                                                            9,260                          4,726
       Total                                                                                                                  13,416                          6,995

       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group disposed part of the equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI. The fair value of the equity investments disposed at the date of derecognition was RMB2,879 million (2021:
       RMB2,186 million). The cumulative net of tax gain of RMB20 million (2021: cumulative net of tax gain of RMB1,804
       million) was transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained earnings on disposal.



24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank
       The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the financial results, assets or
       liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are
       subsidiaries as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements
       of the Group.
                                                                                            % of
                                                   Place of         Particulars of     ownership
                                                   incorporation   the issued and         held by                               Economic            Legal
       Name of company                             and operation   paid up capital      the Bank       Principal activities     nature              representative
                                                                       (in millions)
       CMB International Capital Holdings          Hong Kong             HKD4,129           100%       Investment bank          Limited liability   Wang Liang
        Corporation Limited (note (i))                                                                    and investment
                                                                                                          management

       CMB Financial Leasing Company               Shanghai            RMB12,000            100%       Finance leasing          Limited liability   Shi Shunhua
        Limited (note (ii))

       CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (note (iii))     Hong Kong             HKD1,161           100%       Banking                  Limited liability   Liu Yuan

       China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. Shenzhen                RMB1,310             55%      Fund management          Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
         (note (iv))

       CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd (note (v))   Shenzhen              RMB5,556             90%      Asset management         Limited liability   Chen Yisong

       China Merchants Europe S.A. (note (vi))     Luxembourg                EUR50          100%       Banking                  Limited liability   Li Biao

       Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company        Beijing                 RMB500       (note (vii))   Asset management         Limited liability   Wang Xiaoqing
         Limited (note (vii))
230   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBIC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB
                      International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved for setting up by the PBOC through its Yin Fu
                      〔1998〕No. 405. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBIC. The capital of CMBICH increased to
                      HKD1,000 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. The Board of Directors passed “The Resolution regarding the
                      Capital Increase and Restructuring of CMBIC” which agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to
                      CMBIC on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution was completed on 20 January 2016.

             (ii)      CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFL”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved for setting up by the CBIRC through
                       its Yin Jian Fu〔2008〕No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of
                       RMB2,000 million in CMBFL. The capital of CMBFL increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remains unchanged.
                       In August 2021, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased to
                       RMB12,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

             (iii)     CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”) was formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired
                       a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had
                       withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009. The Chairman of CMB WLB changed from Liu Yuan to Wang Liang on February
                       24, 2023.

             (iv)      In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from
                       ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s
                       shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became
                       the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in
                       CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also made capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to
                       RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

             (v)       CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, approved for setting up by the CBIRC with Yin Bao
                       Jian Fu〔2019〕No. 981. It was formally established on November 1 2019. In accordance with the approval of CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu〔2021〕
                       No.920)”, JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited (“JPMorgan Asset Management“) has subscribed for a 10% stake in CMBWM
                       in 2022 with an investment of RMB2,667 million. After the completion of capital injection, CMBWM’s registered capital has been increased to
                       approximately RMB5,556 million from RMB5,000 million and the Bank’s and JPMorgan Asset Management’s shareholdings are 90% and 10%
                       respectively.

             (vi)      China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the CBIRC with Yin Jian Fu〔2016〕
                       No. 460. The Bank received an approval from the European Central Bank (ECB) for the establishment of CMB Europe S.A. in Luxembourg in
                       May 2021.

             (vii)     Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) was registered and established on 18 October 2020 with the
                       approval for setting up by the CBIRC with Yin Bao Jian Fu〔2020〕No.708. CIGNA & CMAM is an indirectly controlled subsidiary of the Bank,
                       with 87.3458% held by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and 12.6542% held by CMBIC, a subsidiary of the
                       Bank.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                   231
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



25. Interests in joint ventures
                                                                                                                           2022                        2021
       Share of net assets                                                                                                14,247                    14,779
       Share of profits for the year                                                                                       1,710                      2,877
       Share of other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year                                                           (997)                       133

       Details of the Group’s interests in major joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                          Place of         Particulars of      Group’s      Percentage of
                                                                          incorporation       issued and      effective    ownership held
       Name of joint ventures                           Economic nature   and operation   paid up capital      interest       by the Bank   Principal activity
                                                                                              (in millions)
       CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (note(i)) Limited liability   Shenzhen              RMB2,800       50.00%              50.00%   Life insurance
                                                                                                                                               business
       Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited liability         Shenzhen            RMB10,000        50.00%              50.00%   Consumer finance
        Limited (note(ii))

       Notes:

       (i)       The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,(“CIGNA & CMB Life”) and Cigna Health and Life Insurance
                 Company (“CHLIC”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests. The Bank and CHLIC share the joint venture’s risk, profits and losses based on
                 their shareholding proportionally. The Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

       (ii)      CMB WLB, one of the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), a subsidiary of China
                 Unicom Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). CBIRC approved the operation of MUCFC
                 on 3 March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC each held 50% equity interests in MUCFC and share the risks, profits and losses proportionally based
                 on their shareholdings. In December 2017, the Bank and CUNC made a capital contribution of RMB600 million in MUCFC respectively. After
                 the capital injection, the capital of MUCFC increased to RMB2,859 million, with the Bank’s shareholding percentage becoming 15%, CMB
                 WLB’s shareholding percentage becoming 35%, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%. In December 2018, the
                 Bank made another capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in MUCFC, and CUNC made the same amount of capital injection. After that,
                 the share capital of MUCFC has reached 3,869 million. The Bank and CMB WLB then held 24.15% and 25.85% of equity interests in MUCFC,
                 respectively, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%.

                 In July 2021, CMB WLB transferred all its shares of MUCFC to the Bank. After the transfer, the Bank and CUNC each held 50% of equity
                 interests in MUCFC, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In October 2021, MUCFC converted RMB1,331
                 million of its capital reserve and RMB4,800 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the share capital of MUCFC increased to
                 RMB10,000 million after the conversion.
232   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      25. Interests in joint ventures (continued)
             Summarised financial information with necessary adjustments in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies of
             the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as follows:


             (i)    CIGNA & CMB Life
                                                                                                                        Other         Total
                                                                                                               comprehensive comprehensive       Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                          Net      (expense)/    (expense)/  and cash          and
                                                  Assets Liabilities         Equity      Revenue        profit        income        income equivalents amortisation Income tax
                    2022
                    CIGNA & CMB Life             130,758     121,145          9,613        31,841        730              (1,996)       (1,266)         1,071         147      (475)
                    Group’s effective interest    65,116      60,573          4,543        15,921        336                (997)         (661)           536          74      (238)
                    2021
                    CIGNA & CMB Life             108,815      97,686         11,129        26,635       1,174               268          1,442          1,290         151       (43)
                    Group’s effective interest    54,172      48,843          5,329        13,318         565               133            698            645          76       (22)



             (ii)   MUCFC:
                                                                                                                                Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                                                    Net comprehensive  and cash          and Income
                                                    Assets     Liabilities            Equity    Revenue           profit      income equivalents amortisation    tax
                    2022
                    MUCFC                         164,346        147,279              17,067        17,501        3,329              3,329         5,425              47      500
                    Group’s effective interest     82,174         73,640               8,534         8,751        1,665              1,665         2,713              24      250
                    2021
                    MUCFC                         149,698        135,660              14,038        15,933        3,015              3,015         4,655              42      477
                    Group’s effective interest     74,849         67,830               7,019         7,967        1,507              1,507         2,328              21      239



             Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                         Total
                                                                                                                                          Other                 comprehensive
                                                                                                      Net (loss)/                 comprehensive                     (expense)/
                                                                                                          profit                        expense                        income
             2022
             Other joint ventures                                                                            (2,874)                              –                        (2,874)
             Group’s effective interest                                                                        (291)                              –                          (291)
             2021
             Other joint ventures                                                                               4,675                             (3)                       4,672
             Group’s effective interest                                                                           805                              –                          805
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                             233
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



26. Interests in associates
                                                                                                                                    2022                         2021
       Share of net assets                                                                                                         9,597                         8,875
       Share of profits for the year                                                                                                  815                        1,153
       Share of other comprehensive expense for the year                                                                             (158)                           –

       Details of the Group’s interest in major associate are as follows:
                                                                      Place of                 Particulars of        Group’s        Percentage of
                                                                      incorporation               issued and        effective      ownership held
                                              Economic nature         and operation           paid up capital        interest         by the Bank    Principal activity
                                                                                                  (in millions)
       Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (Note)       Limited liability       Taizhou                       RMB1,800        24.8559%            24.8559%     Commercial Bank

       Note:     The Bank, which originally held a 10% stake in Bank of Taizhou, acquired a total of 14.8559% stake from Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An
                 Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. at a total consideration of RMB3,121 million on 31 May 2021. Upon the completion of the transaction,
                 the Bank held 24.8559% stake of Bank of Taizhou. The Bank can exercise significant influence on Bank of Taizhou and therefore this
                 investment is converted from equity investments designated at FVTOCI to interests in associates.

       Summarised financial information of the associate which is individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                    Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                        Net comprehensive comprehensive and cash           and Income
                                    Assets Liabilities       Equity    Revenue        profit      expense       income equivalents amortisation    tax
       2022
       Bank of Taizhou Co.,
         Ltd.                     372,578     343,254        29,324      11,034       4,445                 (138)          4,307        20,368            522      1,196
       Group’s effective interest 91,509       85,319         6,190       2,743       1,004                  (35)            969         5,063            130        297

                                                                                                    Other         Total      Cash Depreciation
                                                                                        Net comprehensive comprehensive and cash           and Income
                                    Assets Liabilities       Equity    Revenue        profit      expense       income equivalents amortisation    tax
       2021(note)
       Bank of Taizhou Co.,
         Ltd.                     316,172     289,731        26,441       6,775       2,215                   30           2,245        11,665            287        604
       Group’s effective interest 77,536       72,015         5,521       1,684         490                    9             499         2,899             71        150

       Note:     The period of 2021 for profit or loss and other comprehensive income is from 1 June 2021 to 31 December 2021.

       Summarised financial information of the associates that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                            Other                   comprehensive
                                                                                              Net (loss)/           comprehensive                       (expense)/
                                                                                                  profit                  expense                          income
       2022
       Other associates                                                                           (11,527)                           (737)                   (12,264)
       Group’s effective interest                                                                    (189)                           (123)                      (312)
       2021
       Other associates                                                                            37,958                             (65)                      37,893
       Group’s effective interest                                                                     663                              (9)                         654
234   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      27. Investment properties
                                                                                                         2022                    2021
             Cost:
             At 1 January                                                                                3,135                  3,276
             Transfers in/(out)                                                                             13                    (86)
             Exchange difference                                                                           153                    (55)
             At 31 December                                                                              3,301                  3,135
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January                                                                                1,763                  1,653
             Depreciation                                                                                  132                    155
             Transfers in/(out)                                                                             33                     (7)
             Exchange difference                                                                           105                    (38)
             At 31 December                                                                              2,033                  1,763
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December                                                                              1,268                  1,372
             At 1 January                                                                                1,372                  1,623

             As at 31 December 2022, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
             Group (2021: Nil).
             Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank that have
             been leased out under operating leases. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the
             market approach and the method of capitalisation of net rental income. As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of
             these properties was RMB5,534 million (31 December 2021: RMB5,279 million).
             The Group’s total future minimum leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                         2022                    2021
             Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                    289                      313
             1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                240                      170
             2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                184                      127
             3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                153                      106
             4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                102                      105
             Over 5 years                                                                                 275                      359
             Total                                                                                       1,243                  1,180

             The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as follows:
                                                                                                                            Fair Value
                                                                                                                                  as at
                                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                           Level 1          Level 2         Level 3               2022
             Located in the Chinese mainland                                     –           3,140                   –           3,140
             Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,394           2,394
             Total                                                               –           3,140               2,394           5,534

                                                                                                                            Fair Value
                                                                                                                                  as at
                                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                            Level 1         Level 2          Level 3             2021
             Located in the Chinese mainland                                     –           3,076                   –           3,076
             Located overseas                                                    –               –               2,203           2,203
             Total                                                               –           3,076               2,203           5,279

             In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    235
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



28. Property and equipment
                                                                                                 Aircraft,
                                                                                              vessels and
                                         Land and Construction     Computer        Leasehold professional
                                         buildings in progress    equipment    improvements equipment         Other      Total
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2022                   28,876        3,502       16,860           10,925       61,327     5,909    127,399
       Additions                               24        1,910        1,898              649       26,872       357     31,710
       Reclassification and transfers       1,490       (1,625)         162              122            –      (162)       (13)
       Disposals                             (150)           –         (517)            (100)      (7,912)     (643)    (9,322)
       Exchange difference                    261            –          113               82        5,454        17      5,927
       At 31 December 2022                 30,501        3,787       18,516           11,678       85,741     5,478    155,701
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2022                   12,998            –       12,924            7,028         9,051    4,465     46,466
       Depreciation                         1,286            –        2,174            1,103         5,027      557     10,147
       Reclassification and transfers         (33)           –          113                –             –     (113)       (33)
       Disposals                              (87)           –         (497)             (70)       (1,653)    (578)    (2,885)
       Exchange difference                    175            –           77              (16)          686       13        935
       At 31 December 2022                 14,339            –       14,791            8,045       13,111     4,344     54,630
       Impairment loss:
       At 1 January 2022                       20            –            –                –          498         –        518
       Charge                                   –            –            –                –          778         –        778
       Disposals                                –            –            –                –         (194)        –       (194)
       Exchange difference                      –            –            –                –           50         –         50
       At 31 December 2022                     20            –            –                –        1,132         –      1,152
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2022                 16,142        3,787        3,725            3,633       71,498     1,134     99,919
       At 1 January 2022                   15,858        3,502        3,936            3,897       51,778     1,444     80,415
236   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      28. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                             Aircraft,
                                                                                                                          vessels and
                                                           Land and     Construction      Computer         Leasehold     professional
                                                           buildings     in progress     equipment     improvements       equipment          Other           Total
             Cost:
             At 1 January 2021                               28,279           3,107         15,149             9,661          48,124         6,299        110,619
             Additions                                          539             743          2,420             1,106          17,879           563         23,250
             Reclassification and transfers                     169            (348)            20               223               –            22             86
             Disposals                                          (19)              –           (698)              (18)         (3,415)         (971)        (5,121)
             Exchange difference                                (92)              –            (31)              (47)         (1,261)           (4)        (1,435)
             At 31 December 2021                             28,876           3,502         16,860            10,925          61,327         5,909        127,399
             Accumulated depreciation:
             At 1 January 2021                               11,750                –        11,489             6,132           6,729         4,813         40,913
             Depreciation                                     1,314                –         2,097               950           3,822           519          8,702
             Reclassification and transfers                       6                –            17                 –               –           (16)             7
             Disposals                                          (14)               –          (661)              (15)         (1,290)         (848)        (2,828)
             Exchange difference                                (58)               –           (18)              (39)           (210)           (3)          (328)
             At 31 December 2021                             12,998                –        12,924             7,028           9,051         4,465         46,466
             Impairment loss:
             At 1 January 2021                                    –                –              –                 –              236           –            236
             Charge                                              20                –              –                 –              267           –            287
             Exchange difference                                  –                –              –                 –               (5)          –             (5)
             At 31 December 2021                                 20                –              –                 –              498           –            518
             Net carrying amount:
             At 31 December 2021                             15,858           3,502          3,936             3,897          51,778         1,444         80,415
             At 1 January 2021                               16,529           3,107          3,660             3,529          41,159         1,486         69,470

             (a)       As at 31 December 2022, the process of obtaining the registration certificate for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value
                       of RMB1,108 million (31 December 2021: RMB1,026 million) was still in progress. Management is of the view that the aforesaid matter would
                       neither affect the rights of the Group to these assets nor have any significant impact on the business operation of the Group.

             (b)       As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2021: None).

             (c)       As at 31 December 2022, the carrying value of mortgaged aircraft and vessels for placements from banks and other financial institutions of
                       the CMBFL was RMB24,512 million (31 December 2021: RMB15,075 million).

             (d)       The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                       Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                11,306                      7,765
                       1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                             9,601                      7,148
                       2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                                             8,134                      5,796
                       3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                                             7,087                      4,862
                       4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                             6,151                      4,253
                       Over 5 years                                                                                             19,876                     13,357
                       Total                                                                                                    62,155                     43,181
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 237
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



29. Lease contracts
(a)    Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                      Motor
                                                               Land                   Computer       vehicles
                                                          use rights    Buildings    equipment     and other         Total
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2022                                      5,985       23,070             7             16       29,078
       Additions                                                  –        3,656             4              7        3,667
       Decrease                                                   –       (2,848)           (1)           (12)      (2,861)
       Exchange difference                                       15           48             –              –           63
       At 31 December 2022                                    6,000       23,926            10             11       29,947
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2022                                      1,190         9,414            3              9       10,616
       Depreciation (note 10)                                   181         3,965            3              2        4,151
       Decrease                                                   –        (2,458)          (1)            (9)      (2,468)
       Exchange difference                                        4            32            –              –           36
       At 31 December 2022                                    1,375       10,953             5              2       12,335
       Impairment loss:
       At 1 January 2022                                         59             –            –              –           59
       At 31 December 2022                                       59             –            –              –           59
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2022                                    4,566       12,973             5              9       17,553
       At 1 January 2022                                      4,736       13,656             4              7       18,403

                                                                                                       Motor
                                                               Land                   Computer        vehicles
                                                          use rights     Buildings   equipment      and other         Total
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2021                                      5,957       21,122              4            16       27,099
       Additions                                                 33        4,071              5             1        4,110
       Decrease                                                   –       (2,107)            (2)           (1)      (2,110)
       Exchange difference                                       (5)         (16)             –             –          (21)
       At 31 December 2021                                    5,985       23,070             7             16       29,078
       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2021                                      1,009         6,978             2             6        7,995
       Depreciation (note 10)                                   182         4,070             3             4        4,259
       Decrease                                                   –        (1,629)           (2)           (1)      (1,632)
       Exchange difference                                       (1)           (5)            –             –           (6)
       At 31 December 2021                                    1,190         9,414            3              9       10,616
       Impairment loss:
       At 1 January 2021                                          –             –            –              –            –
       Charge                                                    59             –            –              –           59
       At 31 December 2021                                       59             –            –              –           59
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2021                                    4,736       13,656             4              7       18,403
       At 1 January 2021                                      4,948       14,144             2             10       19,104

       The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
       basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
       length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
       option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
       change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee.
238   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      29. Lease contracts (continued)
      (b)    Lease liabilities
             Analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                 2022                 2021
             Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                            503                  506
             1 month to 3 months (inclusive)                                                       591                  536
             3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                                      3,091                2,989
             1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                       3,038                3,228
             2 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                       4,612                4,925
             Over 5 years                                                                        1,178                1,628
             Total                                                                             13,013               13,812

             Interest expense on lease liabilities are set out in note 7.



      (c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
             Short-term lease expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
             short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and other.



      (d)    During the year of 2022, total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amounted to RMB4,932 million (2021: RMB4,835
             million).



      (e)    As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the leases committed but not yet commenced were not significant.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                          239
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



30. Intangible assets
                                                                  Software
                                                                 and other    Core deposits    Total
       Cost/appraisal value:
       At 1 January 2022                                            10,045           1,083    11,128
       Additions                                                       347               –       347
       Disposals                                                       (13)              –       (13)
       Exchange difference                                              14              98       112
       At 31 December 2022                                          10,393           1,181    11,574
       Accumulated amortisation:
       At 1 January 2022                                             6,550             512     7,062
       Charge for the year (note 10)                                 1,021              40     1,061
       Disposals                                                       (10)              –       (10)
       Exchange difference                                              11              48        59
       At 31 December 2022                                           7,572             600     8,172
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2022                                           2,821             581     3,402
       At 1 January 2022                                             3,495             571     4,066

                                                                  Software
                                                                 and other    Core deposits    Total
       Cost/appraisal value:
       At 1 January 2021                                             9,576           1,118    10,694
       Additions                                                       479               –       479
       Exchange difference                                             (10)            (35)      (45)
       At 31 December 2021                                          10,045           1,083    11,128
       Accumulated amortisation:
       At 1 January 2021                                             5,442             489     5,931
       Charge for the year (note 10)                                 1,114              39     1,153
       Exchange difference                                              (6)            (16)      (22)
       At 31 December 2021                                           6,550             512     7,062
       Net carrying amount:
       At 31 December 2021                                           3,495             571     4,066
       At 1 January 2021                                             4,134             629     4,763
240   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      31. Goodwill
                                                                                            As at               Addition             Decrease                As at
                                                                                     31 December                  during               during         31 December
                                                                                            2021                the year             the year                2022
             CMB WLB (note (i))                                                              10,177                      –                      –             10,177
             CMFM (note (ii))                                                                   355                      –                      –                355
             CMI (note (iii))                                                                     –                     45                      –                 45
             Zhaoyin Internet (note (iv))                                                         1                      –                      –                  1
             Total                                                                           10,533                     45                      –             10,578
             Less: Impairment allowances – CMB WLB                                              (579)                     –                     –                (579)
             Net carrying amount                                                               9,954                    45                      –               9,999

             Notes:

             (i)      On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s
                      identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million, being the
                      excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out
                      in Note 24.

             (ii)     On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable
                      net assets was RMB752 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million, being the excess of acquisition
                      cost of RMB769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in
                      Note 24.

             (iii)    On 30 December, 2022, CMB Wing Lung Insurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of CMB WLB, issued shares to purchase the business of
                      China Merchants Insurance Company Limited (“CMI”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMI ‘s identifiable net assets was RMB357
                      million. A sum of RMB45 million, being the excess of acquisition cost of RMB402 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was
                      recognised as goodwill.

             (iv)     On 1 April 2015, CMBIC acquired the 100% equity interests in Zhaoyin Internet Technology (Shenzhen) Corporation Limited (“Zhaoyin
                      Internet”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of Zhaoyin Internet’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum of RMB1 million, being
                      the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. Zhaoyin Internet’s scope of business
                      comprises development and sales of computer software and hardware; sales of communication and office automation equipment; and IT
                      consulting.




             Impairment test for goodwill
             The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use cash
             flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond
             the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate does not exceed the long-term
             average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
             In assessing the impairment of goodwill, the Group assumed that the terminal growth rate is comparable to the
             forecast long-term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions. A pre-tax discount rates of CMB WLB
             and CMFM adopted by the Group are 11% and 10% (2021: 7% and 10%). The Group believes any reasonably
             possible change in the key assumptions on which recoverable amounts are based would not cause the carrying
             amounts of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             241
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                               2022                2021
       Deferred tax assets                                                                    90,848             81,639
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (1,510)            (1,353)
       Net amount                                                                             89,338             80,286



(a)    Analysed by nature of deferred tax assets and liabilities
       The components of deferred tax assets/liabilities are as follows:
                                                                           2022                          2021
                                                               Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                                  (taxable)                       (taxable)
                                                                temporary         Deferred      temporary       Deferred
                                                                difference             tax      difference           tax
       Deferred tax assets
       Impairment allowances on loans and advances to
         customers and other assets at amortised cost              301,706          75,228        284,360        71,191
       Financial assets at FVTOCI                                   (3,332)         (1,016)       (11,092)       (2,763)
       Financial instruments at FVTPL                                  730             183             92            23
       Salaries and welfare payable and other                       65,626          16,453         53,510        13,188
       Total                                                       364,730          90,848        326,870        81,639
       Deferred tax liabilities
       Impairment allowances on loans and advances to
         customers and other assets at amortised cost                   356             50               –            –
       Financial assets at FVTOCI                                        15              4              (5)          (1)
       Financial instruments at FVTPL                                   215             54            (144)         (27)
       Salaries and welfare payable and other                       (10,235)        (1,618)         (7,755)      (1,325)
       Total                                                         (9,649)        (1,510)         (7,904)      (1,353)
242   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)
      (b)    Movements of deferred tax
                                                                  Impairment
                                                                   allowances
                                                                on loans and
                                                                 advances to                                                       Salaries and
                                                               customers and               Financial            Financial              welfare
                                                               other assets at                assets         instruments           payable and
                                                               amortised cost             at FVTOCI             at FVTPL                  other                  Total
             At 1 January 2022                                          71,191                (2,764)                   (4)              11,863                80,286
             Recognised in profit or loss                                4,061                 1,160                   243                2,993                 8,457
             Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                   578                     –                  (21)                  557
             Exchange difference                                            26                    14                    (2)                   –                    38
             At 31 December 2022                                        75,278                (1,012)                  237               14,835                89,338

                                                                   Impairment
                                                                    allowances
                                                                 on loans and
                                                                   advances to                                                      Salaries and
                                                                customers and               Financial             Financial              welfare
                                                                other assets at                assets          instruments          payable and
                                                                amortised cost             at FVTOCI               at FVTPL                other                 Total
             At 1 January 2021                                          61,340                (1,404)                1,579               10,305                71,820
             Recognised in profit or loss                                9,850                 1,020                (1,584)               1,516                10,802
             Recognised in other comprehensive income                        –                (2,383)                    –                   14                (2,369)
             Exchange difference                                             1                     3                     1                   28                    33
             At 31 December 2021                                        71,191                (2,764)                    (4)             11,863                80,286

             Note:   No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
                     is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in
                     the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                    243
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



33. Other assets
                                                                                                                       2022              2021
       Amounts pending for settlement                                                                               15,387              78,719
       Continuing involvement assets                                                                                 5,274               5,274
       Interest receivable                                                                                           4,154               3,913
       Prepaid lease payments                                                                                          209                 257
       Repossessed assets (a)                                                                                          456                 513
       Guarantee deposits                                                                                              465                 519
       Receivable from reinsurers                                                                                      329                 186
       Prepayment for leasehold improvement and other miscellaneous items                                            7,569               4,987
       Premium receivables                                                                                             196                 135
       Post-employment benefits: defined benefit plan (note 39(b))                                                      50                  65
       Other                                                                                                        21,889              27,953
       Total                                                                                                        55,978             122,521



(a)    Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                       2022              2021
       Land and buildings                                                                                               606               623
       Other repossessed assets                                                                                           6                31
       Total                                                                                                            612                654
       Less: Impairment allowances                                                                                     (156)              (141)
       Net repossessed assets                                                                                           456               513

       Note:   In 2022, the Group disposed of repossessed assets with a total carrying value of RMB44 million (2021: RMB66 million).




34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                                       2022              2021
       Principal (a)                                                                                               644,618             751,254
       Interest payable                                                                                              1,056               1,764
       Total                                                                                                       645,674             753,018



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                                       2022              2021
       In the Chinese mainland                                                                                     633,178             701,085
          – Banks                                                                                                  103,250              77,788
          – Other financial institutions                                                                           529,928             623,297
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                                                                 11,440              50,169
        – Banks                                                                                                     10,779              48,301
        – Other financial institutions                                                                                 661               1,868
       Total                                                                                                       644,618             751,254
244   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             Principal (a)                                                                        191,872                170,257
             Interest payable                                                                         985                    393
             Total                                                                                192,857                170,650



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             In the Chinese mainland                                                              124,533                114,496
                – Banks                                                                           123,934                107,214
                – Other financial institutions                                                        599                  7,282
             Outside the Chinese mainland                                                           67,339                55,761
              – Banks                                                                               67,130                55,570
              – Other financial institutions                                                           209                   191
             Total                                                                                191,872                170,257




      36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                             18,247                17,017
             Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)              45,067                46,744
             Total                                                                                  63,314                63,761



      (a)    Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             Financial liabilities related to precious metal                                        17,634                16,406
             Short position on bonds                                                                   613                   611
             Total                                                                                  18,247                17,017



      (b)    Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             In the Chinese mainland                                                                36,217                34,677
                – Precious metal contracts with other banks                                         14,170                11,596
                – Other                                                                             22,047                23,081
             Outside the Chinese mainland                                                            8,850                12,067
              – Certificates of deposit issued                                                         383                   377
              – Debt securities issued                                                               7,709                 7,600
              – Other                                                                                  758                 4,090
             Total                                                                                  45,067                46,744

             As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
             designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable amount at maturity is not significant. The
             amounts of changes in the fair value of these liabilities that are attributable to changes in credit risk of the Group
             are not significant during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                     245
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                 2022      2021
       Principal (a)(b)                                                        107,024   157,572
       Interest payable                                                             69        88
       Total                                                                   107,093   157,660



(a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                                 2022      2021
       In the Chinese mainland                                                 103,452   155,322
          – Banks                                                              103,446   147,410
          – Other financial institutions                                             6     7,912
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                              3,572     2,250
        – Banks                                                                  2,801     1,854
        – Other financial institutions                                             771       396
       Total                                                                   107,024   157,572



(b)    Analysed by underlying assets
                                                                                 2022      2021
       Debt securities                                                          95,999   152,071
         – Government bonds                                                     73,335    90,956
         – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         15,330    48,833
         – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions     3,476     2,774
         – Other debt securities                                                 3,858     9,508
       Discounted bills                                                         11,025     5,501
       Total                                                                   107,024   157,572
246   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      38. Deposits from customers
                                                                           2022        2021
             Principal (a)                                             7,535,742   6,347,078
             Interest payable                                             54,837      38,076
             Total                                                     7,590,579   6,385,154



      (a)    Analysed by nature of counterparties
                                                                           2022        2021
             Corporate customers                                       4,431,553   4,058,924
               – Demand deposits                                       2,762,671   2,652,817
               – Time deposits                                         1,668,882   1,406,107
             Retail customers                                          3,104,189   2,288,154
               – Demand deposits                                       1,983,364   1,557,861
               – Time deposits                                         1,120,825     730,293
             Total                                                     7,535,742   6,347,078



      (b)    The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
             guarantees are as follows:
                                                                           2022        2021
             Guarantee for acceptance bills                             199,384     134,858
             Guarantee for loans                                          6,888      18,878
             Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                     29,366      21,574
             Deposit for letters of guarantee                            44,732      32,412
             Other                                                       42,490      31,208
             Total                                                      322,860     238,930
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                           247
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme
(a)    Salaries and welfare payable
                                                                                2022
                                                                  Charge
                                                             for the year                         Payment/
                                                Beginning   arising from          Charge          transfers     Ending
                                                  balance   combination      for the year       in the year    balance
       Short-term employee benefits (i)            18,065             151         58,583           (53,724)     23,075
       Post-employment benefits – defined
         contribution plans (ii)                    1,629               –           5,110            (5,974)      765
       Other long-term employee benefits(iii)          67               –             (41)                –        26
       Total                                       19,761             151         63,652           (59,698)     23,866

                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                   Payment/
                                                                 Beginning         Charge          transfers    Ending
                                                                   balance    for the year       in the year   balance
       Short-term employee benefits (i)                            14,155         53,827           (49,917)     18,065
       Post-employment benefits – defined
         contribution plans (ii)                                    1,240           4,884            (4,495)     1,629
       Other long-term employee benefits(iii)                          67              17               (17)        67
       Total                                                       15,462         58,728           (54,429)     19,761


(i)    Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                2022
                                                                  Charge
                                                             for the year                         Payment/
                                                Beginning   arising from          Charge          transfers     Ending
                                                  balance   combination      for the year       in the year    balance
       Salaries and bonus                          14,318             151         48,682           (44,263)     18,888
       Welfare expense                                 19               –          2,310            (2,312)         17
       Social insurance                               530               –          3,311            (3,470)        371
         – Medical insurance                          515               –          3,192            (3,354)        353
         – Injury insurance                             6               –             34               (34)          6
         – Maternity insurance                          9               –             85               (82)         12
       Housing reserve                                166               –          2,309            (2,318)        157
       Labour union and employee
         education expenses                         3,032               –           1,971            (1,361)     3,642
       Total                                       18,065             151         58,583           (53,724)     23,075

                                                                                         2021
                                                                                                   Payment/
                                                                 Beginning         Charge          transfers    Ending
                                                                   balance    for the year       in the year   balance
       Salaries and bonus                                          11,121         43,716           (40,519)    14,318
       Welfare expense                                                 24          2,908            (2,913)        19
       Social insurance                                               408          3,158            (3,036)       530
         – Medical insurance                                          391          3,046            (2,922)       515
         – Injury insurance                                             6             27               (27)         6
         – Maternity insurance                                         11             85               (87)         9
       Housing reserve                                                191          2,119            (2,144)       166
       Labour union and employee education expenses                 2,411          1,926            (1,305)     3,032
       Total                                                       14,155         53,827           (49,917)    18,065
248   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (ii)    Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
                                                                                                 2022
                                                                                                          Payment/
                                                                       Beginning          Charge          transfers        Ending
                                                                         balance     for the year       in the year       balance
              Basic retirement insurance                                      157           2,821            (2,827)          151
              Supplementary pension                                         1,450           2,221            (3,080)          591
              Unemployment insurance                                           22              68               (67)           23
              Total                                                         1,629           5,110            (5,974)          765

                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                                           Payment/
                                                                        Beginning          Charge          transfers        Ending
                                                                          balance     for the year       in the year       balance
              Basic retirement insurance                                      130           2,566            (2,539)          157
              Supplementary pension                                         1,088           2,257            (1,895)        1,450
              Unemployment insurance                                           22              61               (61)           22
              Total                                                         1,240           4,884            (4,495)        1,629

              In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
              the municipal and provincial governments for its employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
              December 2022, the Group’s contributions to these pension schemes are determined by local governments and vary
              at a range of 14% to 16% (2021: 14% to 16%) of the staff salaries.
              In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
              plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
              PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are determined based
              on 0% to 8.33% of the staff salaries and bonuses (2021: 0% to 8.33%).
              For its employees outside the Chinese mainland, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes
              at funding rates determined in accordance with the local practices and regulations.


      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                                                 2022
                                                                       Beginning          Charge           Payment         Ending
                                                                         balance     for the year       in the year       balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                            67             (41)                –             26

                                                                                                 2021
                                                                        Beginning          Charge          Payment          Ending
                                                                          balance     for the year      in the year        balance
              Cash settled share-based transactions                            67              17               (17)           67

              The Group has offered 10 phases of H share appreciation rights under the Scheme, the remaining eighth to tenth
              phases have not been exercised as of 31 December 2022. The share appreciation rights of the Scheme vest after 3
              years from the grant date and are then exercisable within a period of 7 years. Each of the share appreciation right is
              linked to one H share.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                       249
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
(iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
(1)     All share appreciation rights shall be settled in cash. The terms and conditions of the Scheme are listed below:
                                                                                Number of
                                                                         unexercised share                                    Contract period of
                                                                        appreciation rights                                   share appreciation
                                                                        at the end of 2022     Exercise conditions                        rights
                                                                               (in millions)
        Share appreciation rights granted on 22 Jul 2015 (Phase VIII)                 0.157    3 years after the grant date               10 years
        Share appreciation rights granted on 24 Aug 2016 (Phase IX)                   0.210    3 years after the grant date               10 years
        Share appreciation rights granted on 25 Aug 2017 (Phase X)                    0.240    3 years after the grant date               10 years



(2)     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share appreciation rights are as follows:
                                                                                      2022                                    2021
                                                                                                Number                                   Number
                                                                           Weighted            of share          Weighted                of share
                                                                             average       appreciation             average          appreciation
                                                                        exercise price            rights      exercise price                rights
                                                                                (HKD)       (in million)              (HKD)           (in million)
        Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                              16.21               1.76              18.34                 2.87
        Exercised during the year                                                    –                  –              17.23                (0.42)
        Forfeited during the year                                                13.65              (1.15)             19.11                (0.69)
        Outstanding at the end of the year                                       15.91               0.61              16.21                 1.76
        Exercisable at the end of the year                                       15.25               0.55              14.92                 1.35

        The share appreciation rights outstanding at 31 December 2022 had a weighted average exercise price of HKD15.91
        (2021: HKD16.21) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 3.70 years (2021: 4.36 years).
        Pursuant to the requirements set out in the Scheme, if there are any dividends distributed, capital reserve converted
        into shares, share split or dilution, adjustments to the exercise price will be applied.
250   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (a)     Salaries and welfare payable (continued)
      (iii)   Other long-term employee benefits (continued)
      (3)     Fair value of share appreciation rights and assumptions
              The fair value of services received in return for share appreciation rights granted are measured by reference to the
              fair value of share appreciation rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share appreciation rights granted
              is measured based on the Black-Scholes model. The contractual life of the rights are used as an input to the model.
                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                   Phase VIII                  Phase IX                 Phase X
              Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                                              24.94                      25.27                  17.75
              Share price (in HKD)                                                                      43.30                      43.30                  43.30
              Exercise price (in HKD)                                                                   12.81                      11.38                  21.92
              Expected volatility                                                                     48.34%                     48.34%                 48.34%
              Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                                            2.50                       3.58                   4.58
              Expected dividends yield                                                                 2.93%                      2.93%                  2.93%
              Risk-free interest rate                                                                  1.43%                      1.43%                  1.43%

                                                                                                                         2021
                                                                                          Phase VII          Phase VIII             Phase IX             Phase X
              Fair value at measurement date (in RMB Yuan)                                  40.54                 33.66                33.40              25.98
              Share price (in HKD)                                                          61.75                 61.75                61.75              61.75
              Exercise price (in HKD)                                                        7.44                 14.59                13.16              23.70
              Expected volatility                                                         37.41%                37.41%               37.41%             37.41%
              Share appreciation rights remaining life (year)                                2.50                  3.50                 4.58               5.58
              Expected dividends yield                                                     3.36%                 3.36%                3.36%              3.36%
              Risk-free interest rate                                                      1.43%                 1.43%                1.43%              1.43%

              The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
              life of the share appreciation rights) and adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
              available information. Expected dividend yield is based on historical dividend yields. Changes in the subjective input
              assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
              Share appreciation rights were granted under service conditions. The conditions have not been taken into account in
              the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
              share appreciation rights granted.


      (4)     The number of share appreciation rights granted:
                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                                                        Exercised/
                                                                 Phase VIII            Phase IX               Phase X                   Total            Forfeited
                                                            (in thousands)       (in thousands)        (in thousands)          (in thousands)      (in thousands)
              Tian Huiyu                                                 –                     –                     –                     –                1,230
              Wang Liang                                               157                   210                   240                   607                  203
              Total                                                    157                   210                   240                   607                1,433

                                                                                                         2021
                                                                                                                                                         Exercised/
                                                           Phase VII         Phase VIII          Phase IX            Phase X               Total          Forfeited
                                                     (in thousands)     (in thousands)     (in thousands)     (in thousands)      (in thousands)    (in thousands)
              Tian Huiyu                                        225                300                300                330               1,155                  75
              Liu Jianjun                                         –                  –                  –                  –                   –                 870
              Wang Liang                                          –                157                210                240                 607                 203
              Xiong Liangjun                                      –                  –                  –                  –                   –                 660
              Total                                             225                457                510                570               1,762            1,808

              Note: In 2022, senior management did not exercise any appreciation rights (2021: 0.42 million at a weighted average exercise price of HKD17.23).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  251
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
(b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan
       The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
       defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension scheme. Contributions to the plan are determined based on
       periodic valuations by qualified actuaries on the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
       on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.
       The latest actuarial valuation of the plan as at 31 December 2022 was performed by Towers Watson Hong Kong
       Limited, a professional actuarial firm in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits. The present values of the defined
       benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
       the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 121%(2021: 123%).
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are
       analysed as follows:
                                                                                                2022                  2021
       Fair value of the plan assets                                                             285                   349
       Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   (235)                 (284)
       Net asset recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position                   50                    65

       A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
       to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
       also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
       contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2022.
       There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.
       The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:
                                                                                                2022                  2021
       Current service cost                                                                        (9)                  (10)
       Net interest income                                                                          1                     –
       Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                               (8)                  (10)

       The actual loss on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB42 million (2021: gain of RMB2
       million).
       The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2022                  2021
       Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                  284                   341
       Current service cost                                                                        9                    10
       Interest cost                                                                               4                     1
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (49)                  (42)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to liability experience                                      (4)                   (6)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to financial assumption changes                             (31)                  (22)
       Actuarial gains or losses due to demographic assumption changes                             –                    10
       Exchange difference                                                                        22                    (8)
       Actual obligation at 31 December                                                          235                   284

       The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                2022                  2021
       Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                                349                   401
       Interest income                                                                             5                     1
       Expected return on plan assets                                                            (47)                    1
       Actual benefits paid                                                                      (49)                  (42)
       Exchange difference                                                                        27                   (12)
       Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              285                   349
252   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)
      (b)    Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)
             The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:
                                                                               2022                            2021
                                                                          Amount               %        Amount               %
             Equities                                                        153             53.7            202           57.9
             Bonds                                                            50             17.5             71           20.3
             Cash                                                             82             28.8             76           21.8
             Total                                                           285            100.0            349          100.0

             As at 31 December 2022, deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB58 million (2021:
             RMB53 million).
             The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                       %                    %
             Discount rate
               – Defined benefit scheme                                                                3.3                  1.4
               – Defined benefit pension scheme                                                        4.6                  0.4
             Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                    5.0                  5.0
             Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  –                    –

             In 2022 and 2021, there were no significant change in the amount of retirement benefit plan liabilities due to
             changes in the above-mentioned actuarial assumptions.



      40. Tax payable
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
             Corporate income tax                                                                   13,392               16,539
             Value added tax                                                                         4,141                4,399
             Other                                                                                   1,925                1,553
             Total                                                                                  19,458               22,491




      41. Contract liabilities
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
             Credit card points                                                                      5,319                6,065
             Other deferred fee and commission income                                                1,360                1,471
             Total                                                                                   6,679                7,536




      42. Provisions
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
             Expected credit loss on provisions                                                     20,217               12,790
             Other                                                                                   2,274                1,870
             Total                                                                                  22,491               14,660

             The expected credit loss for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
             Expected credit loss provisions                                                        20,217               12,790
             – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                               12,082                8,210
             – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                          7,569                3,724
             – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                                566                  856
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                253
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued
                                                                                                            Notes                                2022                              2021
       Subordinated bonds issued                                                                              (a)                             19,994                           34,236
       Long-term debt securities issued                                                                       (b)                            120,971                          159,306
       Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit issued                                                                                    65,719                          240,284
       Certificates of deposit and other debt securities issued (note)                                                                        15,604                           10,715
       Interest payable                                                                                                                        1,533                            2,104
       Total                                                                                                                                 223,821                          446,645

       Note:       Other debt securities issued are notes issued by overseas subsidiaries of the Bank.




(a)    Subordinated bonds issued
       As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated bonds issued by the Bank were as follows:
                                                                                                                               Issue        Discount or
                           Term to      Date of                                       Nominal          Beginning              during          premium        Repayment
       Debt type           maturity     issuance      Annual interest rate               value            balance           the year       amortisation during the year Ending balance
                                                      (%)                           (in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond     180 months   27 Dec 2012 5.20                            RMB11,700              11,696                   –                 4           (11,700)               –
       Fixed rate bond     120 months   15 Nov 2018 4.65                            RMB20,000              19,994                   –                 –                 –           19,994
       Total                                                                                               31,690                   –                 4           (11,700)          19,994

       As at the end of the reporting period, subordinated bond issued by CMB WLB was as follows:
                                                                                                                         Discount or
                           Term to      Date of                                       Nominal          Beginning           premium            Exchange       Repayment
       Debt type           maturity     issuance      Annual interest rate               value            balance       amortisation         difference during the year Ending balance
                                                      (%)                           (in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million)   (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed to floating   120 months   22 Nov 2017 3.75 (for the first 5 years);     USD400                 2,546                  3              116             (2,665)               –
          rate bond                                   T*+1.75% (from 6th year
                                                      onwards, if the notes are
                                                      not called by the Bank)
       Total                                                                                                 2,546                  3              116             (2,665)               –

       *           T represents the 5 years US Treasury rate.
254   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      43. Debt securities issued (continued)
      (b)    Long-term debt securities issued
             As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank was as follows:
                                                                                                                             Discount or
                                Term to     Date of       Annual             Nominal        Beginning Issue during             premium          Exchange       Repayment             Ending
             Debt type          maturity    issuance      interest rate         value          balance         the year amortisation           difference during the year           balance
                                                          (%)              (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
             Medium term note   36 months   19 Jun 2019   0.25                EUR300            2,164                –                (1)              30            (2,193)               –
             Medium term note   36 months   19 Jun 2019   3M Libor*+0.74      USD600            3,823                –                 –               97            (3,920)               –
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   5 Jul 2019    3.45             RMB30,000           29,990                –                10                –           (30,000)               –
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   24 Sep 2019   3.33             RMB20,000           19,997                –                 3                –           (20,000)               –
             Medium term note   33 months   27 Sep 2019   3M Libor*+0.74       USD60              382                –                 –               10              (392)               –
             Medium term note   36 months   25 Sep 2020   1.10                USD400            2,546                –                (2)             236                 –            2,780
             Medium term note   36 months   25 Sep 2020   0.95                USD300            1,908                –                (4)             183                 –            2,087
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   6 Nov 2020    3.48             RMB10,000            9,998                –                 1                –                 –            9,999
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   11 Mar 2021   3.40             RMB10,000            9,998                –                 –                –                 –            9,998
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   3 Jun 2021    3.18             RMB20,000           19,995                –                 –                –                 –           19,995
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   24 Aug 2021   2.90             RMB10,000            9,998                –                 –                –                 –            9,998
             Medium term note   24 months   1 Sep 2021    SOFR*+0.50          USD300            1,912                –                (1)             176                 –            2,087
             Medium term note   60 months   1 Sep 2021    1.25                USD300            1,912                –                (1)             178                 –            2,089
             Medium term note   36 months   2 Mar 2022    2.00                USD400                –            2,534                 9              255                 –            2,798
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   11 May 2022   2.65              RMB5,000                –            4,998                 1                –                 –            4,999
             Fixed rate bond    36 months   1 Sep 2022    2.40             RMB10,000                –           10,000                (3)               –                 –            9,997
             Total                                                                            114,623           17,532                12            1,165           (56,505)          76,827

             *           Libor represents London InterBank Offered Rate. SOFR represents Secured Overnight Financing Rate.

             Note:       Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of 555 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2022
                         (31 December 2021: 1,142 million RMB equivalent).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                              255
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



43. Debt securities issued (continued)
(b)    Long-term debt securities issued (continued)
       As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFL were as follows:
                                                                                                                         Discount or
                            Term to      Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning Issue during             premium          Exchange       Repayment             Ending
       Debt type            maturity     issuance      interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference during the year           balance
                                                       (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    13 Mar 2019   3.50            RMB1,500             1,500                 –                –                –            (1,500)               –
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    13 Mar 2019   4.00             RMB500                499                 –                1                –                 –              500
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    27 May 2019   3.68            RMB3,000             2,999                 –                1                –            (3,000)               –
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    3 Jul 2019    3.00              USD900             5,705                 –               10              550                 –            6,265
       Fixed rate bond      120 months   3 Jul 2019    3.63              USD100               633                 –                1               60                 –              694
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    17 Jul 2019   3.60            RMB3,000             2,998                 –                2                –            (3,000)               –
       Fixed rate bond      120 months   14 Jul 2020   4.25            RMB2,000             1,993                 –                1                –                 –            1,994
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    12 Aug 2020   1.88              USD800             5,078                 –                5              488                 –            5,571
       Fixed rate bond      120 months   12 Aug 2020   2.75              USD400             2,526                 –                3              242                 –            2,771
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    17 Nov 2020   3.85            RMB4,000             3,993                 –                4                –                 –            3,997
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    28 Jan 2021   3.60            RMB4,000             3,992                 –                4                –                 –            3,996
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    4 Feb 2021    2.00              USD400             2,539                 –                2              244                 –            2,785
       Fixed rate bond      120 months   5 Feb 2021    2.88              USD400             2,520                 –                3              242                 –            2,765
       Fixed rate bond      18 months    19 Mar 2021   1.16               USD50               318                 –                –               30              (348)               –
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    24 Mar 2021   3.58            RMB2,000             1,996                 –                2                –                 –            1,998
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    24 Mar 2021   2.00               USD20               126                 –                –               12                 –              138
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    16 Sep 2021   1.25              USD600             3,805                 –                5              369                 –            4,179
       Fixed rate bond      60 months    16 Sep 2021   1.75              USD300             1,893                 –                3              185                 –            2,081
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    16 Sep 2021   0.50              EUR100               721                 –                1               19                 –              741
       Floating rate bond   12 months    13 Dec 2021   3M Libor+0.55      USD60               382                 –                –               35              (417)               –
       Fixed rate bond      24 months    22 Dec 2021   0.50               EUR30               216                 –                –                6                 –              222
       Floating rate bond   12 months    2 Mar 2022    SOFR+0.80         USD115                 –               728                1               73                 –              802
       Floating rate bond   12 months    6 May 2022    SOFR+0.85          USD45                 –               298                –               16                 –              314
       Floating rate bond   12 months    6 May 2022    SOFR+1.00          USD75                 –               497                –               26                 –              523
       Floating rate bond   12 months    13 Jun 2022   SOFR+0.95         USD120                 –               805                –               32                 –              837
       Fixed rate bond      12 months    9 Sep 2022    1.95               EUR80                 –               554                –               38                 –              592
       Floating rate bond   6 months     13 Oct 2022   SOFR+0.75          USD50                 –               346                –                3                 –              349
       Fixed rate bond      12 months    17 Nov 2022   3.21             RMB300                  –               300                –                –                 –              300
       Floating rate bond   12 months    7 Dec 2022    SOFR+0.83          USD45                 –               315                –               (1)                –              314
       Floating rate bond   60 months    12 Dec 2022   SOFR+1.40         USD100                 –               695                –                3                 –              698
       Fixed rate bond      12 months    14 Dec 2022   2.90               EUR57                 –               420                –                1                 –              421
       Total                                                                               46,432             4,958               49            2,673            (8,265)          45,847

       Note:       Financial bonds issued by CMBFL that were held by the Bank amounted to a total of 1,370 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2022
                   (31 December 2021: 1,370 million RMB equivalent). Financial bonds issued by CMB International Leasing Management Limited (CMBILM), a
                   wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBFL, that were held by the Bank amounted to a total of 2,268 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2022
                   (31 December 2021: 2,085 million RMB equivalent). Financial bonds issued by CMBILM that were held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of
                   1,602 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: 900 million RMB equivalent).

       As at the end of the reporting period, long-term debt securities issued by CMBIC were as follows:
                                                                                                                         Discount or
                            Term to      Date of       Annual            Nominal        Beginning Issue during             premium          Exchange       Repayment            Ending
       Debt type            maturity     issuance      interest rate        value          balance         the year amortisation           difference during the year          balance
                                                       (%)             (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
       Fixed rate bond      36 months    2 June 2021   1.38              USD600             3,816                 –              (21)             371                 –            4,166
       Total                                                                                3,816                 –              (21)             371                 –            4,166

       Note:       Financial bond issued by CMBIC that was held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of 74 million RMB equivalent as of 31 December 2022 (31
                   December 2021: 68 million RMB equivalent).
256   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      44. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                                  2022                          2021
             Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                                   31,534                       50,565
             Salary risk allowances (note)                                                                                      45,500                       38,500
             Continuing involvement liability                                                                                    5,274                        5,274
             Insurance liabilities                                                                                               2,902                        2,063
             Collecting on behalf of customers                                                                                     827                          951
             Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                       39                           47
             Other payable                                                                                                      39,862                       42,170
             Total                                                                                                            125,938                      139,570

             Note:   Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ annual remunerations of which the payments are delayed for the
                     purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk management results, taking into
                     account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration of risk profiles and
                     profitability, the occurrence of legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant employees
                     will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.




      45. Share capital
             By type of shares:
                                                                                                                                                2022 and 2021
                                                                                                                                                  No.of shares
                                                                                                                                                    (in million)
             Listed shares
                – A Shares                                                                                                                                  20,629
                – H Shares                                                                                                                                   4,591
             Total                                                                                                                                          25,220

             All H Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.
                                                                                                                                     Capital
                                                                                                                     No. of shares                        Amount
                                                                                                                        (in million)
             At 1 January 2022 and at 31 December 2022                                                                         25,220                       25,220
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                            257
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



46. Other equity instruments
(a)    Preference Shares
                                                       Accounting            Dividend                                                                            Conversion
                                         Issuance date classification             rate      Issue price                   No.        Amount Due date             conditions Conversion
                                                                                                          (millions of shares) (RMB in million)
       Offshore Preference Shares in 2017 25 Oct 2017   Equity instruments     4.40%       USD20/Share                 50            6,597 Perpetual existence   Note (iii)   None
         (note (i))
       Domestic Preference Shares in 2017 22 Dec 2017   Equity instruments     4.81% RMB100/Share                     275           27,468 Perpetual existence   Note (iii)   None
         (note (ii))
       Total                                                                                                          325           34,065

       The changes of Preference Shares issued were as follows:
                                                                              1 January 2022                         Increase/decrease                     31 December 2022
                                                                                     No.       Amount                     No.          Amount                    No.          Amount
                                                    Issuance                                    (RMB in                                 (RMB in                               (RMB in
                                                    date           (millions of shares)          million) (millions of shares)           million) (millions of shares)         million)
       Offshore Preference Shares (note (i)) 25 Oct 2017                             50           6,597                      (50)        (6,597)                      –             –
       Domestic Preference Shares (note (ii)) 22 Dec 2017                           275          27,468                        –              –                     275        27,468
       Total                                                                        325          34,065                      (50)        (6,597)                    275        27,468

       Notes:

       (i)        Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued US Dollar traded and settled non-cumulative
                  Offshore Preference Shares in the aggregate nominal value of USD1,000 million on 25 October 2017. Each Offshore Preference Share has a
                  nominal value of USD20 and 50 million Offshore Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.40% and subject to
                  reset per agreement subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%. With the approval of the CBIRC, the Bank redeemed all of the above Offshore
                  Preference Shares during the year.

       (ii)       Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued non-cumulative Domestic Preference Shares in
                  the aggregate nominal value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a nominal value of RMB100
                  and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.81% and subject to reset per agreement
                  subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%.

       (iii)      Both Domestic and Offshore Preference Shares have clauses that state certain events would trigger mandatory conversion, those clauses are as
                  follows:

                  (1)        Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier-1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Core Tier-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio drops
                             to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of Preference Shares, all or part
                             of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares (Domestic Preference Shares) or Ordinary H Shares
                             (Offshore Preference Shares) based on the total nominal value of the Preference Shares in order to restore the Core Tier-1 Capital
                             Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion, the Preference Shares shall be converted on a pro
                             rata basis and on identical conditions.

                  (2)        Upon the occurrence of a Tier-2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders
                             of Preference Shares, all or part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares (Domestic Preference
                             Shares) or Ordinary H Shares (Offshore Preference Shares) based on the total nominal value of the Preference Shares. A Tier-2 Capital
                             Trigger Event refers to the earlier of the following events: 1) CBIRC having concluded that without a conversion or write-off, the
                             Bank would become non-viable, and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of capital or
                             equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable.

                  Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the CBIRC for review and determination. The Bank
                  shall fulfil the relevant information disclosure requirements of the Securities Law, the CSRC’s and Hong Kong’s relevant laws and regulations
                  such as making provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.
258   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      46. Other equity instruments (continued)
      (a)    Preference Shares (continued)
             Dividends on the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid in cash. Save for such dividend at the
             agreed dividend rate, the holders of the above Preference Shares are not entitled to share the remaining profits of
             the Bank with the ordinary shareholders. Dividend is non-cumulative. The Bank has the right to cancel any dividend
             on Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed as a default. After the cancellation of all or part
             of the dividend to preference shareholders, the Bank shall not make any ordinary shares distribution, until the
             Preference Shares dividend is resumed in full. As the dividends on the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares are
             non-cumulative, the Bank will not distribute the dividends that were cancelled in prior years to Preference Shares
             holders.
             The Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, after the fifth anniversary of the
             issuance date, subject to the satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the
             CBIRC, the Offshore and Domestic Preference Shares may be redeemed in whole or in part at the discretion of the
             Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem preference shares. The holders of Preference Shares do
             not have the right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that Preference Shares
             will be redeemed.
             After deducting the issuance expenses from the Preference Shares above, the total net proceeds have been included
             in additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank.



      (b)    Perpetual Bonds
                                                 Issuance         Accounting               Interest                                                                           Conversion
                                                 date             classification               rate       Issue price                 No.         Amount Due date             conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                        (millions of units) (RMB in million)
             Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i)) 9 Jul 2020       Equity instruments        3.95%        RMB100/Unit               500           49,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
             Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii)) 7 Dec 2021      Equity instruments        3.69%        RMB100/Unit               430           42,989 Perpetual existence   None       None
             Total                                                                                                                 930           92,978

             The changes of Perpetual Bonds issued were as follows:
                                                                                           1 January 2022                                Increase                       31 December 2022
                                                                                                  No.        Amount                   No.           Amount                   No.        Amount
                                                               Issuance                                       (RMB in                                (RMB in                            (RMB in
                                                               date                (millions of units)         million) (millions of units)           million) (millions of units)       million)
             Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))               9 Jul 2020                        500           49,989                        –              –                   500       49,989
             Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))              7 Dec 2021                        430           42,989                        –              –                   430       42,989
             Total                                                                               930           92,978                        –              –                   930       92,978

             Notes:

             (i)        With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million of 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                        Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2020”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 9 July 2020. The
                        unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2020. In any coupon
                        rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2020 will continue to
                        be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

             (ii)       With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB43,000 million of 2021 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                        Undated Additional Tier-1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2021, together with Perpetual Bonds 2020, Perpetual Bonds”) in the national
                        inter-bank bond market on 7 December 2021. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the
                        issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2021. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed
                        fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2021 will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   259
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



46. Other equity instruments (continued)
(b)    Perpetual Bonds (continued)
       From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole
       or in part the Perpetual Bonds on the annual interest payment date (including the interest payment date on the
       fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the CBIRC and the satisfaction of the redemption
       preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Perpetual Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result
       of an unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has the right to redeem the
       whole but not part of the Perpetual Bonds. The investors do not have the right to sell back the Perpetual Bonds to
       the Bank.
       The claims in respect of the Perpetual Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors,
       and subordinated debts that rank senior to the Perpetual Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares
       held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of any other additional Tier-1 capital
       instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Perpetual Bonds.
       The coupon rate will be reset on each benchmark rate reset date (i.e. the date of every five years from the issuance
       date). The adjusted coupon rate will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus
       the fixed spread as determined at the time of issuance. The Perpetual Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up
       mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the right to cancel, in whole or in part, distributions
       on the Perpetual Bonds and any such cancellation will not constitute an event of default. The bond interests are
       non-cumulative, and any cancelled distribution is not carried to the following year. The Bank will fully consider the
       interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank can use the cancelled bond interest for the current
       period at its discretion to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Perpetual Bonds, no matter
       in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to
       ordinary shares.
       Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write off in whole or in part, without
       the need for the consent of the bond holders, the principal amount of the Perpetual Bonds. A Non-Viability Trigger
       Event refers to the earlier of the following events: (i) the CBIRC having concluded that without a write-off, the Bank
       would become non-viable; (ii) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector injection of
       capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable. The write-off will not be restored.
       After deducting the issuance expenses, the funds raised by the bonds have been used to supplement additional Tier
       1 capital of the Bank in accordance with applicable laws and the approval of the relevant authorities.



(c)    Relative Information Attributed to Equity Instrument Holders
                                                                                                 2022                  2021
       Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                         945,503                858,745
         – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                            825,057                731,702
         – Equity attributed to other equity instrument holders of the Bank                  120,446                127,043
         Including: Net profit                                                                 5,237                  3,613
                    Total comprehensive income                                                 5,237                  3,613
                    Distributions in current year                                             (5,237)                (3,613)
                    Cumulative undistributed dividends                                             –                      –
       Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                          8,735                  6,936
         – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                     5,948                  3,300
         – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of perpetual debt capital
              (note 62(a))                                                                      2,787                 3,636
260   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      47. Capital reserve
             Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank and can be converted into share capital with the
             shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             At 1 January                                                                           67,523                67,523
             Decrease                                                                               (2,088)                    –
             At 31 December                                                                         65,435                67,523




      48. Investment revaluation reserve
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: investment revaluation reserve                     9,319                11,459
             Fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI                              2,606                 2,578
             Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                                    78                    88
             Share of other comprehensive (expense)/income of equity-accounted
               investees                                                                              (233)                  922
             Other                                                                                      45                     –
             Total                                                                                  11,815                15,047




      49. Hedging reserve
             The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
             instruments used in cash flow hedges. Subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow is accounted for in
             accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).



      50. Surplus reserve
             Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
             Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
             audited profit after tax of the Bank. Surplus reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or capitalised as paid-
             up capital with the approval of shareholders.
                                                                                                      2022                  2021
             At 1 January                                                                           82,137                71,158
             Provided for the year                                                                  12,848                10,979
             At 31 December                                                                         94,985                82,137
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   261
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



51. General reserve
       The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
       allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. In principle, the
       balance of general reserve shall not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets. In addition, the general
       reserve includes 2.5% of the income of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also
       includes the general reserve maintained by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and
       regulations of their industry or region.
                                                                                                 2022                  2021
       At 1 January                                                                          115,288                 98,082
       Provided for the year                                                                  17,183                 17,206
       At 31 December                                                                        132,471                115,288




52. Profit appropriations
(a)    Dividends approved/declared by shareholders
                                                                                                 2022                  2021
       Ordinary share dividends in 2021, approved and declared:
         RMB1.522 per share                                                                    38,385                      –
       Ordinary share dividends in 2020, approved and declared:
         RMB1.253 per share                                                                          –               31,601



(b)    Proposed profit appropriations
                                                                                                 2022                  2021
       Statutory surplus reserve                                                               12,848                10,979
       General reserve                                                                         17,183                17,206
       Dividends
         – cash dividend: RMB1.738 per share (2021: RMB1.522 per share)                        43,832                38,385
       Total                                                                                   73,863                66,570

       2022 final dividends is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors
       held on 24 March 2023 and will be submitted to the 2022 Annual General Meeting for approval.

53. Exchange reserve
       Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
       of operations outside the Chinese mainland.
262   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
          bank’s equity
                                                                                     2022        2021
             Assets
             Cash                                                                   14,787      12,794
             Precious metals                                                         2,884       4,554
             Balances with central banks                                           585,338     543,652
             Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   47,791      41,632
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                247,340     188,376
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                  276,292     523,516
             Loans and advances to customers                                     5,482,692   5,023,050
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 369,391     290,941
             Derivative financial assets                                            17,859      23,179
             Debt investments at amortised cost                                  1,533,546   1,183,662
             Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income     675,484     552,498
             Equity investments designated at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                                         10,724       6,392
             Investments in subsidiaries                                           50,767      49,495
             Interests in joint ventures                                           13,341      12,582
             Interests in associates                                                6,190       5,521
             Investment properties                                                    907         945
             Property and equipment                                                26,541      26,833
             Right-of-use assets                                                   16,764      17,701
             Intangible assets                                                      2,422       3,228
             Deferred tax assets                                                   88,056      79,712
             Other assets                                                          41,440     109,871
             Total assets                                                        9,510,556   8,700,134
             Liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks                                          129,745     159,987
             Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  621,621     732,631
             Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 43,319      55,710
             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             40,035      36,105
             Derivative financial liabilities                                       18,207      26,866
             Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                               95,970     137,857
             Deposits from customers                                             7,327,974   6,150,241
             Salaries and welfare payable                                           19,136      15,853
             Tax payable                                                            17,221      20,926
             Contract liabilities                                                    6,653       7,536
             Lease liabilities                                                      12,285      13,164
             Provisions                                                             22,410      14,503
             Debt securities issued                                                172,402     398,672
             Other liabilities                                                      96,680     119,395
             Total liabilities                                                   8,623,658   7,889,446
             Equity
             Share capital                                                         25,220      25,220
             Other equity instruments                                             120,446     127,043
             Capital reserve                                                       76,082      76,681
             Investment revaluation reserve                                        13,144      14,866
             Surplus reserve                                                       94,985      82,137
             General reserve                                                      121,230     105,941
             Retained earnings                                                    391,579     340,271
             Proposed profit appropriation                                         43,832      38,385
             Exchange reserve                                                         380         144
             Total equity                                                         886,898     810,688
             Total equity and liabilities                                        9,510,556   8,700,134
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                      263
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
    bank’s equity (continued)
       Details of the changes in the Bank’s equity are as follows:
                                                                       Other equity
                                                                       instruments
                                                                                                       Investment                                      Proposed
                                                          Share Preference Perpetual           Capital revaluation        Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                         capital    shares    bonds            reserve     reserve        reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve                   Total
       At 1 January 2022                                 25,220       34,065        92,978     76,681        14,866       82,137 105,941 340,271                 38,385         144 810,688
       Changes in equity for the year                         –       (6,597)             –      (599)       (1,722)      12,848       15,289    51,308           5,447         236       76,210
       Net profit for the year                                –            –              –             –         –             –            – 128,484                 –          – 128,484
       Other comprehensive income for the year                –            –              –             –    (1,692)            –            –       –                 –        236 (1,456)
       Total comprehensive income for the year                –            –              –             –    (1,692)            –            – 128,484                 –        236 127,028
       Redemption of preference shares                        –       (6,597)             –      (599)                –        –            –          –               –          – (7,196)
       Profit appropriations                                  –            –              –         –                 –   12,848       15,289    (77,206)          5,447          – (43,622)
       Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve             –            –              –         –                 –   12,848            –    (12,848)              –          –       –
       Appropriation to general reserve                       –            –              –         –                 –        –       15,289    (15,289)              –          –       –
       Dividends paid for the year 2021                       –            –              –         –                 –        –            –          –         (38,385)         – (38,385)
       Proposed dividends for the year 2022                   –            –              –         –                 –        –            –    (43,832)         43,832          –       –
       Dividends to preference shares                         –            –              –         –                 –        –            –     (1,675)              –          – (1,675)
       Distribution to perpetual bonds                        –            –              –         –                 –        –            –     (3,562)              –          – (3,562)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of
         equity instruments designated at FVTOCI              –            –              –             –        (30)           –            –        30               –          –            –
       At 31 December 2022                               25,220       27,468        92,978     76,082        13,144       94,985 121,230 391,579                 43,832         380 886,898



                                                                         Other equity
                                                                         instruments
                                                                                                       Investment                                                Proposed
                                                            Share Preference       Perpetual   Capital revaluation Hedging          Surplus General Retained        profit Exchange
                                                           capital    shares          bonds    reserve     reserve reserve          reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve          Total
       At 1 January 2021                                   25,220      34,065        49,989    76,681        7,951         (26) 71,158       94,067 293,523         31,601       228 684,457
       Changes in equity for the year                             –            –     42,989         –        6,915         26       10,979   11,874   46,748         6,784       (84) 126,231
       Net profit for the year                                    –            –          –         –            –          –            –        – 109,794                 –      – 109,794
       Other comprehensive income for the year                    –            –          –         –        8,720         26            –        –       –                 –    (84) 8,662
       Total comprehensive income for the year                    –            –          –         –        8,720         26            –        – 109,794                 –    (84) 118,456
       Issue of perpetual bonds                                   –            –     42,989         –            –          –            –        –         –            –            – 42,989
       Profit appropriations                                      –            –          –         –            –          –       10,979   11,874   (64,851)       6,784            – (35,214)
       Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve                 –            –          –         –            –          –       10,979        –   (10,979)           –            –       –
       Appropriation to general reserve                           –            –          –         –            –          –            –   11,874   (11,874)           –            –       –
       Dividends paid for the year 2020                           –            –          –         –            –          –            –        –         –      (31,601)           – (31,601)
       Proposed dividends for the year 2021                       –            –          –         –            –          –            –        –   (38,385)      38,385            –       –
       Dividends to preference shares                             –            –          –         –            –          –            –        –    (1,638)           –            – (1,638)
       Distribution to perpetual bonds                            –            –          –         –            –          –            –        –    (1,975)           –            – (1,975)
       Transfers within equity upon disposal of equity
          instruments designated at FVTOCI                        –            –          –         –       (1,805)         –            –        –    1,805                –         –        –
       At 31 December 2021                                 25,220      34,065        92,978    76,681       14,866          –       82,137 105,941 340,271          38,385       144 810,688
264   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement
      (a)    Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
             original maturity within 3 months):
                                                                                                                                      2022                         2021
             Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                                  66,055                        79,129
             Balance with banks and other financial institutions                                                                   81,928                        75,919
             Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                93,704                        65,897
             Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                                 275,051                       527,341
             Debt securities investments                                                                                           50,460                        53,468
             Total                                                                                                                567,198                       801,754



      (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
             changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
             consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.
                                                      Negotiable      Certificates          Debt
                                                       interbank       of deposit      securities         Interest                    Other
                                                      certificates         issued         issued          payable     Dividend     financial         Lease
                                                       of deposit          (Note)         (Note)         on bonds      payable    liabilities    liabilities        Total
             At 1 January 2022                            240,284          11,092       201,142             2,104           26       26,650         13,812       495,110
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                     78,666          20,287         21,481                 –           –       10,796              –       131,230
               Repayment                                 (250,996)        (16,504)       (78,735)                –           –      (14,959)        (4,932)     (366,126)
               Interest/dividend paid                      (5,714)              –              –            (6,686)    (44,103)           –              –       (56,503)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –             –                 –            –            –          3,623         3,623
               Accrued interest                                 –               –             –             6,115            –            –            510         6,625
               Dividend declared                                –               –             –                 –       44,103            –              –        44,103
               Discount or premium amortisation             3,479              31            37                 –            –            –              –         3,547
               Fair value adjustments                           –             (26)         (544)                –            –           (9)             –          (579)
               Exchange difference                              –           1,107         5,293                 –            –          241              –         6,641
             At 31 December 2022                           65,719          15,987       148,674             1,533           26       22,719         13,013       267,671

                                                       Negotiable     Certificates           Debt
                                                        interbank      of deposit       securities         Interest                    Other
                                                       certificates        issued          issued         payable     Dividend     financial          Lease
                                                        of deposit         (Note)          (Note)        on bonds      payable     liabilities    liabilities       Total
             At 1 January 2021                            144,816          19,084       194,775             1,985           26       23,047         14,242       397,975
             Cash changes:
               Proceeds from the issue                    319,707          14,692         63,872                 –           –        6,860              –        405,131
               Repayment                                 (226,012)        (21,363)       (55,771)                –           –       (3,697)        (4,835)      (311,678)
               Interest/dividend paid                      (3,768)              –              –            (7,630)    (35,685)           –              –        (47,083)
             Non-cash changes:
               Additions of lease liabilities                   –               –             –                 –            –            –          3,850         3,850
               Accrued interest                                 –               –             –             7,749            –            –            555         8,304
               Dividend declared                                –               –             –                 –       35,685            –              –        35,685
               Discount or premium amortisation             5,541            (811)           53                 –            –            –              –         4,783
               Fair value adjustments                           –             (15)         (257)                –            –          656              –           384
               Exchange difference                              –            (495)       (1,530)                –            –         (216)             –        (2,241)
             At 31 December 2021                          240,284          11,092       201,142             2,104           26       26,650         13,812       495,110

             Note：    Including financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss.




      (c)    Significant non-cash transactions
             There were no significant non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   265
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



56. Operating segments
       The Group’s principal activities are providing corporate and personal banking services, conducting treasury business,
       providing asset management and other financial services.
       The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by both business lines and geography.



(1)    Wholesale finance business
       The financial services for corporate clients, government agencies, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
       service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
       inter-bank business such as placement and repurchase, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
       services.



(2)    Retail finance business
       The financial services provided to retail customers include: loan and deposit service, bank card service, wealth
       management services, private banking and other services.



(3)    Other Business
       Other business covers investment properties, subsidiaries except for CMB WLB and CMBFL, associates and joint
       ventures. None of these segments meet any of the quantitative thresholds so far for segment division.
       During the year of 2022, the Group reallocated CMBFL from the other business segment to the wholesale financial
       business segment. The comparative figures were re-presented accordingly.
       For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
       income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
       expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
       account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
       costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.
       The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies as stated in Note
       4. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment transactions are
       offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2022 and 2021. Internal transactions are
       conducted at fair value.
266   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (a)    Segment results, assets and liabilities
                                                                         Wholesale                        Retail
                                                                      finance business               finance business               Other business                        Total
                                                                       2022           2021            2022            2021           2022            2021          2022               2021
             External net interest income                            28,165          21,026      140,443           135,412          49,627         47,481       218,235            203,919
             Internal net interest income/(expense)                  62,294          69,222       (9,054)          (18,571)        (53,240)       (50,651)            –                  –
             Net interest income                                     90,459          90,248      131,389           116,841          (3,613)        (3,170)      218,235            203,919
             Net fee and commission income                           25,540          25,290          57,279         60,155         11,456           9,002        94,275             94,447
             Other net income                                        26,095          27,080           2,747          2,018            863             (87)       29,705             29,011
             Operating income                                       142,094         142,618      191,415           179,014           8,706          5,745       342,215            327,377
             Operating expenses
              – Property and equipment and investment
                   properties depreciation                           (7,103)         (5,740)       (2,942)          (2,860)           (234)          (257)      (10,279)            (8,857)
              – Right-of-use assets depreciation                     (1,676)         (1,672)       (2,250)          (2,367)           (225)          (220)       (4,151)            (4,259)
              – Other                                               (43,495)        (41,317)      (58,079)         (56,451)         (6,057)        (5,995)     (107,631)          (103,763)
             Reportable segment profit before
               impairment losses                                     89,820          93,889      128,144           117,336           2,190           (727)      220,154            210,498
             Expected credit losses and impairment
               losses on other assets                               (22,671)        (26,503)      (33,966)         (39,627)           (929)          (225)       (57,566)          (66,355)
             Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            –               –             –                –           2,525          4,030          2,525             4,030
             Reportable segment profit before taxation               67,149          67,386          94,178         77,709           3,786          3,078       165,113            148,173
             Capital expenditure (note)                              28,884          20,158           2,660          3,278             513            326        32,057             23,762



                                                       Wholesale finance business        Retail finance business                 Other business                       Total
                                                      31 December    31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December           31 December 31 December            31 December
                                                             2022           2021        2022                  2021        2022                  2021        2022                   2021
             Reportable segment assets                  5,633,640       5,203,529        3,081,290        2,908,405          1,314,820        1,037,190      10,029,750           9,149,124
             Of which: Interest in associates and
               joint ventures                                   –               –                –                –            23,844           23,654           23,844              23,654
             Reportable segment liabilities             5,495,463       5,142,042        3,157,321        2,329,192           446,949          811,434        9,099,733           8,282,668

             Note:      Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring segment assets which are expected to be used for more than one year.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                         267
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



56. Operating segments (continued)
(b)    Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
       and other material items
                                                                            2022               2021
       Operating income for reportable segments                           342,215            327,377
       Total profit before income tax for reportable segments             165,113            148,173

                                                                 31 December 2022   31 December 2021
       Assets
       Total assets for reportable segments                            10,029,750          9,149,124
       Goodwill                                                             9,999              9,954
       Intangible assets                                                      581                571
       Deferred tax assets                                                 90,848             81,639
       Other unallocated assets                                             7,734              7,733
       Consolidated total assets                                       10,138,912          9,249,021
       Liabilities
       Total liabilities for reportable segments                        9,099,733          8,282,668
       Tax payable                                                         19,458             22,491
       Deferred tax liabilities                                             1,510              1,353
       Other unallocated liabilities                                       63,973             76,828
       Consolidated total liabilities                                   9,184,674          8,383,340
268   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      56. Operating segments (continued)
      (c)    Geographical segments
             The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
             municipalities directly under the central government in the Chinese mainland. The Group also has branches
             operating in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney, subsidiaries operating in Hong
             Kong, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing and Luxembourg and representative offices in New York and Taipei.
             In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
             location of the branches and subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
             allocated based on the location of the underlying assets.
             To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:
             –          “Headquarter” refers to the Group headquarter, credit card centres and fund operation centres;

             –          “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu
                        province;
             –          “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality, Shandong province and
                        Hebei province;
             –          “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

             –          “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

             –          “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,
                        Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;
             –          “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan
                        province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous
                        region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet
                        autonomous region;
             –          “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney
                        and representative offices in New York and Taipei; and
             –          “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB, CMBIC,
                        CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A. and CIGNA & CMAM.
                                                               Total assets              Total liabilities          Non-current assets        Profit before tax   Operating income
                                                       31 December    31 December 31 December      31 December 31 December    31 December
             Geographical information                         2022           2021        2022             2021        2022           2021      2022       2021      2022      2021
             Headquarter                                 4,580,315       4,155,509   3,841,548        3,492,876     52,166          51,220    51,396     42,939   140,083   145,403
             Yangtze River Delta region                  1,304,806       1,199,329   1,283,400        1,177,342      5,774           6,198    22,939     24,092    45,768    41,451
             Bohai Rim region                              827,394         725,595     811,449          711,389      4,354           4,319    19,759     17,971    34,105    31,286
             Pearl River Delta and West Coast region     1,083,521         997,986   1,063,334          979,018      4,232           4,432    26,479     22,252    37,583    35,379
             Northeast region                              170,632         169,282     166,486          166,933      1,505           1,617     4,075      2,919     6,485     6,108
             Central region                                636,801         567,191     628,361          559,499      3,602           3,958    10,740      9,744    20,989    19,448
             Western region                                632,766         590,272     623,631          580,623      3,497           3,877    11,755     12,191    20,931    20,192
             Overseas                                      194,412         210,633     193,651          208,569        707             861     2,046      1,575     3,557     2,632
             Subsidiaries                                  708,265         633,224     572,814          507,091     80,148          61,382    15,924     14,490    32,714    25,478
             Total                                      10,138,912       9,249,021   9,184,674        8,383,340    155,985         137,864   165,113   148,173    342,215   327,377

             Note:      Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
                        assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              269
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



57. Assets pledged as security
       The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks and liabilities under
       repurchase or placement arrangements:
                                                                                               2022               2021
       Borrowing from central banks                                                          129,438           159,357
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                  8,620             7,517
       Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                              107,024           157,572
       Total                                                                                 245,082           324,446
       Assets pledged
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              24,093            29,241
         – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                 99,199           195,166
         – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                  25,267            34,441
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                   105,531            81,357
       Total                                                                                 254,090           340,205

       The transactions under repurchase or placement agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and
       customary to standard borrowing and placing activities.



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments
(a)    Credit commitments
       At any given time the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
       approved loans and credit card limits.
       The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
       parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
       expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.
       The contractual amounts of commitments and contingent liabilities are set out in the following table by category.
       The amounts reflected in the table for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amounts reflected
       in the table for guarantees and letters of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at
       the end of the reporting period if counterparties default.
                                                                                        2022
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                (Lifetime        – Stage 3
                                                                   – Stage 1   ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                  (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-
                                                                        ECL)   impaired)        impaired)         Total
       Irrevocable guarantees                                       245,003        9,818               272      255,093
       Of which: Financial guarantees                                44,805        7,341                 3       52,149
                   Non-financing letters of guarantees              200,198        2,477               269      202,944
       Irrevocable letters of credit                                231,849        1,344                 –      233,193
       Bills of acceptances                                         427,150        3,733               500      431,383
       Irrevocable loan commitments                                 155,775        1,607                 –      157,382
          – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      22,638            4                 –       22,642
          – with an original maturity over 1 year                   133,137        1,603                 –      134,740
       Credit card unused commitments                             1,406,911        9,613                85    1,416,609
       Other                                                         81,225          245                 –       81,470
       Total                                                      2,547,913       26,360               857    2,575,130
270   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
      (a)    Credit commitments (continued)
                                                                                                2021
                                                                                       – Stage 2
                                                                                        (Lifetime         – Stage 3
                                                                         – Stage 1     ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                                        (12-month          credit-     ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)     impaired)          impaired)        Total
             Irrevocable guarantees                                       197,208          7,353                254      204,815
             Of which: Financial guarantees                                52,198          6,337                  3       58,538
                         Non-financing letters of guarantees              145,010          1,016                251      146,277
             Irrevocable letters of credit                                162,320          1,711                188      164,219
             Bills of acceptances                                         339,155          5,684                790      345,629
             Irrevocable loan commitments                                 141,727          4,896                  2      146,625
                – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)      26,611              –                  2       26,613
                – with an original maturity over 1 year                   115,116          4,896                  –      120,012
             Credit card unused commitments                             1,231,831          7,903                122    1,239,856
             Other                                                        126,995          1,555                  –      128,550
             Total                                                      2,199,236        29,102                1,356   2,229,694

             As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit included sight letters of credit of RMB22,525
             million (31 December 2021: RMB16,974 million), usance letters of credit of RMB6,965 million (31 December 2021:
             RMB9,552 million), and other commitments of RMB203,703 million (31 December 2021: RMB137,693 million).
             Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches, subsidiaries
             and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.
             Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB5,159,127 million at 31
             December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB4,441,835 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
             or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
             lending agreements. The Group will not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
             result, such balances are not included in the above contingent liabilities and commitments.
                                                                                                        2022               2021
             Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                  595,977            593,062

             The Group calculated the credit risk weighted amount of its contingent liabilities and commitments in accordance
             with the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued by the
             CBIRC. The amount within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the Internal Ratings-
             Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is used to calculate those that are not eligible for the Internal Ratings-
             Based Approach.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               271
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
(b)    Capital commitments
       The authorised capital commitments of the Group were as follows:
                                                                                             2022                  2021
       – Contracted for                                                                        370                  480
       – Authorised but not contracted for                                                     189                  234
       Total                                                                                   559                  714

       The lease commitments of the Group as a lessor are detailed in note 58 (e).



(c)    Outstanding litigations
       At 31 December 2022, the Bank or other group entities was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with total
       gross claims of RMB1,910 million (2021: RMB1,678 million). The Group considers that no material losses would be
       incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations and therefore no provision has been made in the
       consolidated financial statements.



(d)    Redemption obligations
       As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
       holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before
       their maturity date is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date.
       Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant requirements set by the
       MOF or the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the
       redemption date.
       The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
       Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                             2022                  2021
       Redemption obligations                                                               27,401               30,020

       The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
       Group will not be material.



(e)    Lease commitments
       Operating lease commitments and financial lease commitments where the Group is a lessor at the end of the
       reporting period are as follows:
                                                                                             2022                  2021
       Operating lease commitments                                                          30,519               13,750
       Financial lease commitments                                                           8,025                7,421
       Total                                                                                38,544               21,171
272   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      59. Transactions on behalf of customers
      (a)    Entrusted lending business
             The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
             business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
             on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
             usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
             instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
             an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.
             Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
             position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss as fee and commission income.
             At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                         2022              2021
             Entrusted loans                                                                        231,266             263,589
             Entrusted funds                                                                       (231,266)           (263,589)



      (b)    Wealth management services
             The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
             corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
             services are invested in investment products, including government bonds, policy bank bonds, short term corporate
             debt instruments and trust loans. The Group initiated the launch of wealth management products. The investment
             risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in these products. The Group does not
             consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission which represents the charges on
             customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.
             The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
             recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
             management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.
             At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed
             wealth management services were RMB2,552,408 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021:
             RMB2,683,636 million).



      (c)    Entrusted management of insurance funds
             The entrusted management of insurance funds mainly refers to the business that the Group carries out investment
             activities on funds entrusted by insurance companies according to the regulatory policies and the investment
             guidelines from insurance companies, and charges fees for providing such services.
             At the end of the reporting period, the balance of entrusted funds were as follows:
                                                                                                         2022              2021
             Entrusted management of insurance funds                                                108,868              86,098
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   273
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management
(a)    Credit risk
       Credit risk represents the potential losses that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
       obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
       industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
       same economic factors, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.
       The Group designs its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify, evaluate
       and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed by the
       board of directors is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work process
       and effectiveness of various risk management functions.
       With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital
       Management Committee, participates in, coordinates and monitors the work of other risk management functions,
       including each business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk throughout
       the entire credit process including pre-lending evaluations, credit approval and post-lending monitoring. According
       to Implementation Rules on Expected Credit Loss Approach of Commercial Banks (CBIRC〔2022〕No.10), the Group
       has further optimised the workflow related to the implementation and management of ECL measures during the
       year.
       With respect to the credit risk management of wholesale financial business, the Group formulates credit policy
       guidelines, enhances the standards on credit acceptance and management requirements for corporate, interbank
       and institutional clients, and implements limits in key risk areas to improve the quality of credit exposure.
       With respect to credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group mainly relies on the credit assessment
       of applicants as the basis for loan approval, which takes into consideration the income level, credit history, and
       repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on borrowers’ repayment
       ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes overdue, the Group starts
       the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.
       To mitigate risks, the Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. Certain
       guidelines have been set for the acceptability of specific types of collateral or risks mitigating measures. Collateral
       portfolio and legal covenants are reviewed regularly to ensure that they remain sufficient for the given risks and be
       consistent with market practices.
       In respect of asset quality classification, the Group adopts a risk based asset quality classification methodology.
       Currently, the Group categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan classification basis in order to refine internal risk
       classification management (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades 1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).
       The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved in
       loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application, post-
       lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.
       Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers carry out the same business activities, locate in
       the same geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their
       obligations may be affected by the same economic factors. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the
       sensitivity of the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of
       credit risk, the Group has formulated a limit management policy to monitor and analyse its loan portfolio.
       Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are presented in Note 22.
274   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)     Credit risk (continued)
      (i)     Internal credit risk rating
              The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The internal credit risk rating is based on the
              forecasted default risk, taking into consideration qualitative and quantitative factors. For customers of wholesale
              business, such factors include net profit growth rate, sales growth rate, industry, etc. For customers of retail
              business, such factors include maturity, ageing, collateral ratio, etc.


      (ii)    Significant increase in credit risk
              As describe in Note 4(5), the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.
              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
              of default occurring on the financial instrument and other items at the reporting date with that at the date of initial
              recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the
              financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note 60(a)(i)), as well as internal early warning signal, the result
              of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are
              applicable to the current situation.
              For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions is met:
              the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating of
              the customer has been downgraded to certain level; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a certain
              level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group.
              For retail and credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following
              conditions is met: the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer
              or the debt has credit risk early warning signal; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the
              Group.
              A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
              capability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
              business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
              cash flow obligations.
              For loan commitment and financial guarantee, the date when the commitment becomes irrevocable is considered as
              the initial recognition date.
              The Group considers that a debt instrument is impaired when the debt instrument is more than 90 days (inclusive)
              overdue or the 5-tier classification of this debt instrument is substandard, doubtful or loss (these three categories
              include debt instruments with more than 90 days (inclusive) overdue).


      (iii)   Measurement of ECL
              The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:
              •      probability of default (PD): is an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;
              •      loss given default (LGD): is the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;
              •      exposure at default (EAD): is the risk exposure on a debt.
              These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
              adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      275
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(iv)   Incorporation of forward-looking information
       The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
       to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by authoritative institutions
       and internal risk data without undue cost or effort for modelling. Apart from the common economic indicators
       such as Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), Producer Price Index (“PPI”) and Broad
       Money Supply (“M2”), various other categories of indicators such as industry index, interest and exchange rate,
       and survey index are also included. Based on statistical analysis and expert judgements, the Group sets up multiple
       forward-looking scenarios to predict macroeconomic indicators and risk parameters. The Group will firstly refer to
       the forecasts issued by external authoritative institutions as the forecasts of economic indicators under the baseline
       scenario. If there is no external forecasts, the Group will refer to the forecasts issued by the professionals of the
       Bank and the outputs of the models. For the forecasts of economic indicators under the remaining scenarios, the
       Group will refer to the actual historical data for analysis and forecast. Taking GDP (year-on-year growth rate) and
       CPI (month-on-month increase) as an example, the forecasts adopted by the Group for 2023 under the baseline
       scenario are 4.80% (2022: 5.34%) and 2.80% (2022: 2.43%) respectively.
       Combined with quantitative measurement and expert judgement, the Group sets the weighting of multiple scenarios
       based on the principle of taking the baseline scenario as the main and the other scenarios as supplement. The
       weight of the baseline scenario of the Group as at 31 December 2022 is the highest. According to the sensitivity
       test results of the Group, when the weighting of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the
       baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2022 will decrease by approximately 3.1%
       compared to the current result (at 31 December 2021: will decrease by approximately 3.4%). When the weighting
       of the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL
       amount at 31 December 2022 will increase by approximately 5.2% compared to the current result (at 31 December
       2021: will increase by approximately 1.5%).
       The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
       expected credit loss (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit loss (stage 2 and stage 3).


(v)    Groupings based on shared risk characteristics
       The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The models
       are divided based on shared risk characteristics, and the reference indicators include the 5-tier classification, business
       type and collateral type.


(vi)   Maximum exposure
       The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account of any collateral held or other credit
       enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets (including derivatives) as disclosed in the
       consolidated statement of financial position and the contract amount of the off balance sheet items disclosed in
       Note 58(a). At 31 December 2022, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure was RMB12,440,314
       million (31 December 2021: RMB11,235,033 million).
276   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)      Credit risk (continued)
      (vii)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
               The carrying amount of loans and advances that were credit-impaired and the terms had been renegotiated was
               RMB12,076 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB16,517 million).


      (viii)   Non-performing loans
               Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans,
               doubtful loans and loss loans. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had balance of non-performing loans of
               RMB58,004 million (31 December 2021: RMB50,862 million).


      (ix)     Credit quality of bond investments rating results
               At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of bond investments by designated external
               credit assessment institution, Standard & Poor’s, is as follows:
                                                                                                                     2022                     2021
               Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                              398                       340
               Impairment allowances                                                                                 (243)                     (228)
               Subtotal                                                                                               155                      112
               Neither overdue nor impaired
               AAA                                                                                             1,750,057                1,345,363
               AA+ to AA-                                                                                         53,526                   29,468
               A+ to A-                                                                                          562,475                  422,427
               Lower than A-                                                                                      33,429                   28,415
               Unrated                                                                                            38,966                   57,994
               Impairment allowances                                                                              (5,958)                 (10,935)
               Subtotal                                                                                        2,432,495                1,872,732
               Total                                                                                           2,432,650                1,872,844

               Notes:

               (i)      Bonds issued by the governments and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB2,094,902 million as at 31 December 2022 (31
                        December 2021: RMB1,596,105 million).

               (ii)     The impairment allowances above is for debt investments at amortised cost only.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               277
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)    Credit risk (continued)
(x)    Collateral
       An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
       overdue but not impaired is as follows:
                                                                                                 2022               2021
       Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements
         held against following financial assets
         – Loans and advances to customers                                                    25,148               4,124



(xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost
       Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:
                                                                                         2022
                                                                                 – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)       impaired)           Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   4,912,836        111,354            50,862     5,075,052
       Net changes for the year                                    425,054        (27,002)           (1,831)      396,221
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                  18,758        (18,644)             (114)            –
         – Stage 2                                                (103,532)       103,794              (262)            –
         – Stage 3                                                 (35,248)       (13,117)           48,365             –
       Write-offs                                                        –           (145)          (39,016)      (39,161)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         5,217,868        156,240            58,004     5,432,112



                                                                                         2021
                                                                                – Stage 2
                                                                                 (Lifetime         – Stage 3
                                                                  – Stage 1     ECL – not           (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month          credit-     ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)     impaired)          impaired)        Total
       Balance as at the beginning of the year                   4,517,239         76,286            53,615     4,647,140
       Net changes for the year                                    468,264         (4,154)           (1,093)      463,017
       Transfer to
         – Stage 1                                                   20,436       (20,293)              (143)           –
         – Stage 2                                                  (69,411)       69,966               (555)           –
         – Stage 3                                                  (23,692)      (10,451)            34,143            –
       Write-offs                                                         –             –            (35,105)     (35,105)
       Balance as at the end of the year                         4,912,836        111,354            50,862     5,075,052
278   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (a)    Credit risk (continued)
      (xi)   Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)
             Debt investments at amortised cost:
                                                                                              2022
                                                                                      – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not        (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)       impaired)         Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,183,320         1,962           24,077    1,209,359
             Net changes for the year                                    361,916          (275)           9,395      371,036
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                        3           (3)               –           –
               – Stage 2                                                   (1,276)       1,276                –           –
               – Stage 3                                                     (311)        (887)           1,198           –
             Write-offs                                                         –            –             (550)       (550)
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,543,652         2,073           34,120    1,579,845

                                                                                              2021
                                                                                     – Stage 2
                                                                                      (Lifetime       – Stage 3
                                                                        – Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                       (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                             ECL)    impaired)        impaired)        Total
             Balance as at the beginning of the year                   1,044,826            971          14,590    1,060,387
             Net changes for the year                                    140,141           (656)          9,487      148,972
             Transfer to
               – Stage 1                                                        –            –                –            –
               – Stage 2                                                   (1,647)       1,647                –            –
               – Stage 3                                                        –            –                –            –
             Write-offs                                                         –            –                –            –
             Balance as at the end of the year                         1,183,320         1,962           24,077    1,209,359
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                  279
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(a)     Credit risk (continued)
(xii)   Credit quality of financial instruments
        The staging analysis for loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost are disclosed in
        note 22, note 23(b) and 60(a)(xi) respectively. The staging analysis for credit commitments and the expected credit
        loss allowances of financial guarantees and loan commitments are disclosed in notes 58(a) and 42 respectively. The
        staging analysis for other financial instruments is as follows:
                                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                      Principal                                          Expected credit loss
                                                                                 Stage 2                                                   Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime       Stage 3                                   (Lifetime       Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not      (Lifetime                       Stage 1    ECL – not      (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit- ECL – credit-                   (12-month         credit- ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)     impaired)          Total            ECL)    impaired)     impaired)        Total
        Balances with central banks                                587,533            –                 –    587,533               –            –                –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions        91,574            2                11     91,587            (497)          (1)             (11)     (509)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     264,782            –                 –    264,782          (2,658)           –                –    (2,658)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       277,421            –               140    277,561            (954)           –             (140)   (1,094)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 767,905        3,211               155    771,271          (4,472)        (479)          (1,589)   (6,540)

                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                       Principal                                          Expected credit loss
                                                                                Stage 2                                                   Stage 2
                                                                               (Lifetime          Stage 3                                (Lifetime         Stage 3
                                                                    Stage 1   ECL – not          (Lifetime                   Stage 1    ECL – not         (Lifetime
                                                                 (12-month        credit-    ECL – credit-                (12-month         credit-   ECL – credit-
                                                                       ECL)   impaired)         impaired)      Total            ECL)    impaired)        impaired)     Total
        Balances with central banks                                553,655            –                 –    553,655               –            –                –         –
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions        80,653            –                11     80,664            (367)           –              (11)     (378)
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions     196,245          106                 –    196,351          (2,859)          (1)               –    (2,860)
        Amounts held under resale agreements                       528,424            –               140    528,564          (4,123)           –             (140)   (4,263)
        Debt investments at FVTOCI                                 626,007        2,236               112    628,355          (4,700)        (875)          (1,047)   (6,622)

        Note:       The balances disclosed above do not include interest receivable.
280   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk
             Market risk refers to the risk of loss due to changes in observable market factors such as interest rates, exchange
             rates, commodity prices and stock prices, resulting in changes in the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s
             financial instruments. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors relevant to the
             Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading book and banking
             book. The financial instruments and positions under the trading book are held for trading purposes or for the
             purposes of hedging the risks arising from the trading book position, and these financial instruments can be traded
             without any restriction. The financial instruments under the banking book are assets and liabilities held by the Group
             for determinable return with relative stable market value or for the purposes of hedging the risks, which include
             both the Group’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposure.


      (i)    Foreign exchange risk
             Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
             currency and foreign currency derivative positions, which expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
             unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in
             RMB, and the other currencies are mainly in USD and HKD. The Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
             supervision of foreign exchange risk management, and establishes a foreign currency risk management governance
             structure. This structure specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of
             supervisors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management
             of foreign exchange risk. The Group is prudent in its foreign exchange risk appetite, and would not voluntarily take
             foreign exchange risk, which suits the current development stage of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk
             management policies and procedures of the Group meet the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the
             Group.


            (1)     Trading book
                    The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which covers exchange
                    rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book to facilitate centralised management. The
                    structure, process and method of exchange rate risk management of trading book are consistent with that of
                    the interest rate risk of trading book.
                    The Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR,
                    covers interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test
                    loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index in its management of foreign exchange
                    risk. The management methods include delegation, setting limits, daily monitoring and continuous reporting,
                    etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                281
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      (2)     Banking book
              The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is centrally managed by the Head Office. The
              Asset and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book
              foreign exchange risk management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this. The
              treasurer is responsible for managing the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent
              approach and compliance with the regulatory requirements, and through approaches such as transaction
              limits and adjustment of plans.
              The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB financial
              assets and liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to control it within
              an acceptable range.
              The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
              for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses the
              foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly basis
              under the limit control framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
              exchange rate movements to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on its banking book.
              The Group continues to strengthen banking book exchange rate risk monitoring and authorisation
              management of limits to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.
      (3)     Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:
                                                                                          2022
                                                                      In RMB Equivalent                            Main original currency
                                                      RMB         USD          HKD         Other          Total         USD           HKD
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                banks                              555,828     41,978         2,766         2,170      602,742         6,039         3,103
              Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions              491,188   100,237        22,244        16,000       629,669      14,420        24,951
              Loans and advances to customers     5,466,679   148,993       157,628        23,246     5,796,546      21,433       176,812
              Financial investments (including
                derivative financial assets)      2,534,659   188,200        31,130         9,233     2,763,222      27,073        34,920
              Other assets (note (i))               244,335    95,541         3,313         3,544       346,733      13,744         3,716
              Total                               9,292,689   574,949       217,081        54,193    10,138,912      82,709       243,502
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions              970,667    92,817         3,961         5,507     1,072,952      13,353         4,443
              Deposits from customers             6,964,197   361,242       160,496        49,807     7,535,742      51,967       180,029
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                (including derivative financial
                liabilities)                        63,769     17,725           421           35        81,950         2,549          473
              Debt securities issued               162,146     58,447           790          905       222,288         8,408          886
              Other liabilities (note (i))         247,646     11,235        11,944          917       271,742         1,618       13,397
              Total                               8,408,425   541,466       177,612        57,171     9,184,674      77,895       199,228
              Net position                         884,264     33,483        39,469        (2,978)     954,238         4,814       44,274
              Net off-balance sheet position:
              Credit commitments (note (ii))      2,456,047    82,618        21,961        14,504     2,575,130      11,885        24,634
              Derivatives:
               – forward purchased                 280,979     288,388       26,409        20,844       616,620       41,486        29,623
               – forward sold                     (253,696)   (294,290)     (19,462)      (14,878)     (582,326)     (42,335)      (21,831)
               – net currency option position       29,143     (32,690)         (10)           41        (3,516)      (4,703)          (11)
              Total                                 56,426     (38,592)       6,937         6,007       30,778        (5,552)        7,781
282   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            (3)     Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                         In RMB Equivalent                                  Main original currency
                                                                  RMB             USD             HKD           Other            Total           USD             HKD
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                      banks                                   487,777          57,919           18,482          2,787        566,965            9,089         22,611
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                      financial institutions                  668,673         108,887           12,162          8,356        798,078          17,085          14,879
                    Loans and advances to customers         4,992,946         156,000          141,605         34,960      5,325,511          24,478         173,238
                    Financial investments (including
                      derivative financial assets)          2,037,147         108,939           20,348         10,081      2,176,515          17,095          24,893
                    Other assets (note (i))                   254,488         111,972           10,513          4,979        381,952          17,569          12,862
                    Total                                   8,441,031         543,717          203,110         61,163      9,249,021          85,316         248,483
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                      amounts due to banks and other
                      financial institutions                1,115,553         108,820            4,894          9,327      1,238,594          17,075           5,988
                    Deposits from customers                 5,830,585         346,349          129,300         40,844      6,347,078          54,346         158,184
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      (including derivative financial
                      liabilities)                             71,041          18,554            1,438             10         91,043            2,911          1,759
                    Debt securities issued                    390,550          50,425              221          3,345        444,541            7,912            270
                    Other liabilities (note (i))              235,507          16,336            9,317            924        262,084            2,565         11,399
                    Total                                   7,643,236         540,484          145,170         54,450      8,383,340          84,809         177,600
                    Net position                              797,795           3,233           57,940          6,713        865,681              507         70,883
                    Net off-balance sheet position:
                    Credit commitments (note (ii))          2,117,722          71,179           24,448         16,345      2,229,694          11,169          29,909
                    Derivatives:
                     – forward purchased                      459,207         451,419            8,554         16,144         935,324          70,833          10,465
                     – forward sold                          (388,786)       (395,153)         (10,651)        (9,748)       (804,338)        (62,004)        (13,030)
                     – net currency option position           (93,522)         38,175                8          3,059         (52,280)          5,990              10
                    Total                                     (23,101)         94,441           (2,089)         9,455          78,706         14,819           (2,555)

                    Notes:

                    (i)      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

                    (ii)     Credit commitments generally expire before they are drawn down, therefore the above net position does not represent the future
                             cash outflows.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   283
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(i)    Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       (4)    Sensitivity analysis
              Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
              the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net profit and equity. The
              following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on the assets
              and liabilities of all foreign currencies involved at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.
                                                                          2022                             2021
              Change in foreign currency exchange rate        Down by 1%          Up by 1%      Down by 1%         Up by 1%
              (Decrease)/increase in net profit                         (64)             64              (79)             79
              (Decrease)/increase in equity                            (284)            284            (262)             262

              Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
              rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.


(ii)   Interest rate risk
       Interest rate risk arises from unfavourable changes in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to
       the income and decline in market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.


       (1)    Trading book
              According to the basic principles of risk management, the Group has built and continuously improved the
              market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
              measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, commodity
              and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
              board of directors, the Group manages the trading book by clearly identifying, accurately measuring and
              effectively managing the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an
              acceptable range and achieves a reasonable balance of risk and return. The Group constantly improves the
              risk-adjusted return level to maximise the shareholders’ value.
              The trading book market risk governance organisation structure defines the responsibilities, division of labour
              and reporting lines of the board of directors, Risk and Capital Management Committee under the board of
              directors, senior management and relevant departments of the Bank, and safeguards the achievement of
              management objectives. The Market Risk Management Department is responsible for the Group’s trading
              book market risk, and undertakes the task of risk policy formulation and management.
284   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (1)    Trading book (continued)
                    According to the business practices and market risk governance organisation structure, the Group establishes
                    the trading book market risk limits management system. A top level limit is set based on the risk appetite
                    determined by the board of directors, and is transmitted from top to bottom level by level. Within the
                    scope of their authorisation, management departments at all levels allocate and set limits according to risk
                    characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business departments carry out the business
                    according to the authorisation and limits requirements, and the supervisory and administrative departments
                    at all levels continuously monitor and report according to the limits management regulations.
                    The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, stop loss index, sensitivity index, value at
                    risk index, stress test index and other risk measurement indices as the limits index, and sets the limit value
                    by comprehensively considering the risk appetite, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk return,
                    management conditions and other factors.
                    The Group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, stress test and other measurement
                    methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The Group applies the market
                    risk measurement model in its daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis for
                    business planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.


             (2)    Banking book
                    According to the external regulatory requirements and the internal banking book interest rate risk
                    management policy, the Group has built and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk
                    management system, established the management process of interest rate risk identification, measurement,
                    monitoring, control and reporting, and covered all on- and off-balance sheet business of the Bank. The Group
                    clearly identifies, accurately measures and effectively manages the interest rate risk of the banking book
                    under the interest rate risk appetite of the banking book formulated by the Board of Directors to ensure that
                    the net interest income (NII) and the economic value of shareholders’ equity (EVE) increase steadily within the
                    acceptable range of the banking book risk.
                    The Group’s governance and management framework specifies the responsibilities, division of labor
                    and reporting lines of the board of directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
                    departments to ensure the effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest rate risk of the banking
                    book is managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department of the Head Office. Internal Audit
                    Department of the Head Office is responsible for independent audit.
                    The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is neutrally prudent. The
                    Group establishes a banking book interest rate risk limit management system based on the actual business
                    and the banking book interest rate risk governance structure. The quantitative index of risk appetite set
                    by the Board of Directors is the highest level limit, which is transmitted through the limit level from top
                    to bottom and level by level. Within the scope of their authorisation, all levels set limits and continuously
                    monitor and report according to risk tolerance, business operation strategy and risk management objectives.
                    The Group formulates interest rate risk management strategies and regularly tracks and reviews them
                    based on risk measurement and monitoring results and in combination with macroeconomic and interest
                    rate environment. The key measures for risk management of the Group include the adjustment in business
                    volume, duration structure and interest rate structure of on-balance sheet asset and liability business and off-
                    balance sheet derivative to offset risk exposure.
                    The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis and duration analysis
                    for the regular measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress test is a form
                    of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in net interest income at risk and economic value of equity
                    indicators when there is an extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group measures and monitors the
                    interest rate risk of banking book through the asset-liability management system, and the main models and
                    parameter assumptions used in the measurement process are independently verified before being adopted,
                    and are regularly reviewed and verified after being adopted. The various indicators of interest rate risk during
                    the reporting period showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the Bank was generally stable and
                    stay within the set limits.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 285
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(b)    Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
       (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
              earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                     2022
                                                                3 months
                                                                   or less     Over 3                                  Non-
                                                                 (include      months    Over 1 year        Over    interest
                                                       Total    overdue)     to 1 year    to 5 years      5 years   bearing
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central
                banks                               602,742      575,932             –              –           –    26,810
              Amounts due from banks and other
                financial institutions              629,669      516,309       99,288         14,059          13          –
              Loans and advances to customers
                (note (i))                         5,796,546   2,234,889     3,028,371       473,932      59,354          –
              Financial investments (including
                derivative financial assets)       2,763,222     217,442      356,451        975,413    1,164,031    49,885
              Other assets (note (ii))               346,733           –            –              –            –   346,733
              Total assets                        10,138,912   3,544,572     3,484,110      1,463,404   1,223,398   423,428
              Liabilities
              Borrowing from central banks and
                amounts due to banks and other
                financial institutions             1,072,952     915,004      142,452          10,501      4,995          –
              Deposits from customers              7,535,742   5,528,249      860,746       1,111,583     31,365      3,799
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                (including derivative financial
                liabilities)                         81,950            –        3,006          5,231          73     73,640
              Lease liabilities                      13,013        1,094        3,091          7,650       1,178          –
              Debt securities issued                222,288       35,587       69,617         89,565      27,519          –
              Other liabilities (note (ii))         258,729          203            –          2,752           –    255,774
              Total liabilities                    9,184,674   6,480,137     1,078,912      1,227,282     65,130    333,213
              Asset-liability gap                   954,238    (2,935,565)   2,405,198       236,122    1,158,268    90,215
286   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (b)    Market risk (continued)
      (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)
             (3)    The following tables indicate the expected next repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
                    earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. (continued)
                                                                                                           2021
                                                                                 3 months
                                                                                     or less         Over 3                                              Non-
                                                                                   (include          months     Over 1 year             Over          interest
                                                                     Total        overdue)         to 1 year     to 5 years           5 years         bearing
                    Assets
                    Cash and balances with central
                      banks                                       566,965         537,981                  –               –                 –        28,984
                    Amounts due from banks and other
                      financial institutions                      798,078         723,941           63,581           10,507                 49              –
                    Loans and advances to customers
                      (note (i))                                5,325,511       2,134,671        2,750,245          376,357           64,238                –
                    Financial investments (including
                      derivative financial assets)              2,176,515         159,659          288,349          884,079         795,611           48,817
                    Other assets (note (ii))                      381,952               –                –                –               –          381,952
                    Total assets                                9,249,021       3,556,252        3,102,175        1,270,943         859,898          459,753
                    Liabilities
                    Borrowing from central banks and
                      amounts due to banks and other
                      financial institutions                    1,238,594       1,081,661          149,900            6,311              722                –
                    Deposits from customers                     6,347,078       4,820,271          718,509          804,755              348            3,195
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                      (including derivative financial
                      liabilities)                                 91,043            1,428           2,075            8,177              158          79,205
                    Lease liabilities                              13,812            1,042           2,989            8,153            1,628               –
                    Debt securities issued                        444,541           96,239         220,608           88,974           38,720               –
                    Other liabilities (note (ii))                 248,272               84               –                –                –         248,188
                    Total liabilities                           8,383,340       6,000,725        1,094,081          916,370           41,576         330,588
                    Asset-liability gap                           865,681      (2,444,473)       2,008,094          354,573         818,322          129,165

                    Notes:   (i)        For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2022
                                        and 31 December 2021 net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or
                                        part of the principals or interests were overdue.

                             (ii)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities”
                                        respectively.




             (4)    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
                    Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
                    sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.
                                                                                                2022                                    2021
                    Change in interest rates (in basis points)                        Up by 25         Down by 25              Up by 25          Down by 25
                    (Decrease)/increase in net interest income                           (4,412)               4,412              (3,605)              3,605
                    (Decrease)/increase in equity                                        (8,462)               8,586              (6,830)              6,927

                    The above-mentioned interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the changes in net interest income and equity
                    in the next 12 months under the assumption of changes in interest rates in the above table. As the actual
                    situation and assumptions may be different, the actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and
                    equity caused by the increase or decrease in interest rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity
                    analysis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    287
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
       manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet its maturity obligations, or to perform other payment
       obligations.
       According to the liquidity risk management policy, the Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
       supervision of liquidity risk management, and puts in place a governance framework which defines the roles,
       responsibilities and reporting lines of the board of directors, the board of supervisors, senior management,
       designated committees and relevant departments to ensure the effectiveness of the liquidity risk management. The
       board of directors takes the ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management, ensures the Group can effectively
       identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk and is responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the
       Group can tolerate. The Risk and Capital Management Committee under the board of directors shall perform its
       responsibilities in liquidity risk management according to the requirements of the Board of Directors. The board
       of supervisors is responsible for the supervision and evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and
       senior management in the liquidity risk management and reports to the general meeting of shareholders. The senior
       management is responsible for the liquidity risk management work and develops a timely understanding of changes
       in liquidity risks, and reports the same to the board of directors. The Asset and Liability Management Committee
       (ALCO) exercises specific liquidity risk management functions as required by the senior management. The Assets and
       Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office is a day-to-day working body of ALCO, and is responsible
       for various concrete management work including formulating policies and procedures relating to liquidity risk
       management and conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis of liquidity risk. The Internal Audit Department of
       the Head Office conducts comprehensive audit on the Group’s liquidity risk management.
       The Group is prudent in managing its liquidity risk, which suits its current development stage. The Group’s existing
       liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and its own management needs.
       The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by Head Office with branches acting in concert. The Asset
       and Liability Management Department acting as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of daily liquidity risk
       management. According to a prudent basis under regulatory requirements, the treasurer is conducting centralised
       liquidity management through limits management, budget control, initiative debt management as well as internal
       fund transfer pricing.
       The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as medium- and long-term
       structures. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals.
       The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity risk resistance under extreme circumstances. Except
       for the annual stress testing required by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on
       the liquidity risk of local and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
       contingency drills to continuously improve its capability to handle any liquidity crisis.
288   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                                    2022
                                                                                             After        After        After
                                                                                          1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                                Repayable      Within   but within   but within   but within       Over
                                                               on demand     1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue        Total
             Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))       66,055           –            –       1,201             –           –     535,486          –     602,742
             Amounts due from banks and other financial
               institutions                                        62,456    368,268       84,572       99,288       15,072           13           –          –      629,669
             Loans and advances to customers                       26,008    499,842      399,192    1,514,348    1,626,514    1,706,378           –     24,264    5,796,546
             Financial investments and derivative financial
               assets (note (ii))                                   4,213     99,154      105,394      372,002      995,867    1,166,665      19,139        788    2,763,222
               – Financial investments at FVTPL (including
                    derivative financial assets)                    4,213     79,576       42,022       99,531      158,992      52,081        5,723          –      442,138
               – Debt investments at amortised cost                     –     13,554       35,043      133,748      449,002     904,281            –        769    1,536,397
               – Debt investments at FVTOCI                             –      6,024       28,329      138,723      387,873     210,303            –         19      771,271
               – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                –          –            –            –            –           –       13,416          –       13,416
             Other assets (note (iii))                             36,461     10,932       15,526       18,475       15,859       5,798      239,528      4,154      346,733
             Total assets                                         195,193    978,196      604,684    2,005,314    2,653,312    2,878,854     794,153     29,206   10,138,912
             Borrowing from central banks and amounts
               due to banks and other financial institutions      515,446    264,739      116,971      148,556       20,817       6,423            –          –    1,072,952
             Deposits from customers                            4,746,035    384,557      393,284      861,631    1,115,153      35,082            –          –    7,535,742
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
               derivative financial liabilities)                   12,950     12,026       12,971       12,415       11,457      20,131            –          –      81,950
             Lease liabilities                                          –        503          591        3,091        7,650       1,178            –          –      13,013
             Debt securities issued                                     –      3,939       27,886       73,379       89,565      27,519            –          –     222,288
             Other liabilities (note (iii))                       159,820     26,774       19,358       23,667       28,868         242            –          –     258,729
             Total liabilities                                  5,434,251    692,538      571,061    1,122,739    1,273,510      90,575            –          –    9,184,674
             (Short)/long position                             (5,239,058)   285,658       33,623      882,575    1,379,802    2,788,279     794,153     29,206     954,238
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                           289
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                        After        After        After
                                                                                     1 month     3 months        1 year
                                                          Repayable       Within   but within   but within   but within       Over
                                                         on demand      1 month     3 months        1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue       Total
       Cash and balances with central banks (note (i))      79,129             –           –            –            –            –    487,836           –    566,965
       Amounts due from banks and other financial
         institutions                                       59,862      601,897      60,072        65,405       10,793           49           –          –     798,078
       Loans and advances to customers                      20,719      545,165     368,482     1,333,756    1,387,033    1,650,468           –     19,888   5,325,511
       Financial investments and derivative financial
         assets (note (ii))                                  4,058       88,783       60,315     304,846      912,392      795,813      10,071        237    2,176,515
         – Financial investments at FVTPL
               (including derivative financial assets)       4,058       67,589       31,524      95,228      134,821       35,217       3,076           –     371,513
         – Debt investments at amortised cost                    –        8,882       11,185     133,930      425,327      590,091           –         237   1,169,652
         – Debt investments at FVTOCI                            –       12,312       17,606      75,688      352,244      170,505           –           –     628,355
         – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI               –            –            –           –            –            –       6,995           –       6,995
       Other assets (note (iii))                           103,999       10,432       13,946      14,551       14,891        6,107     214,113       3,913     381,952
       Total assets                                        267,767     1,246,277    502,815     1,718,558    2,325,109    2,452,437    712,020      24,038   9,249,021
       Borrowing from central banks and amounts
         due to banks and other financial institutions     627,957      313,745     122,210      153,551       18,350        2,781            –          –   1,238,594
       Deposits from customers                           4,185,788      315,077     316,452      719,506      809,176        1,079            –          –   6,347,078
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL (including
         derivative financial liabilities)                  12,942       13,301       11,720      13,740        20,629      18,711            –          –     91,043
       Lease liabilities                                         –          506          536       2,989         8,153       1,628            –          –     13,812
       Debt securities issued                                    –       21,181       70,472     222,647        88,974      41,267            –          –    444,541
       Other liabilities (note (iii))                      160,991       37,159       15,455      24,744         9,404         519            –          –    248,272
       Total liabilities                                 4,987,678      700,969     536,845     1,137,177     954,686       65,985            –          –   8,383,340
       (Short)/long position                             (4,719,911)    545,308      (34,030)    581,381     1,370,423    2,386,452    712,020      24,038    865,681

       Notes:

       (i)         For cash and balances with central banks, the amounts with indefinite maturities represent statutory deposit reserve and fiscal deposit
                   balances.

       (ii)        For financial investments at FVTPL included in financial investments, their maturity dates do not represent the Group’s intention to hold them
                   to maturity.

       (iii)       Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
290   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
             The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
             assets, financial liabilities and gross loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period. The
             Group’s expected cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis.
                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                       After        After          After
                                                                                                    1 month     3 months          1 year
                                                   Carrying               Repayable      Within   but within   but within     but within       Over
                                                    amount         Total on demand     1 month     3 months        1 year        5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
             Non-derivative financial assets
             Cash and balances with central
               banks                               602,742      602,742      66,055           –            –         1,201             –           –     535,486          –
             Amounts due from banks and other
               financial institutions               629,669      631,123     62,467    368,531       85,088          99,900      15,124           13           –          –
             Loans and advances to customers      5,796,546    7,132,934     26,024    516,746      433,106       1,694,961   2,071,922    2,365,750           –     24,425
             Financial investments                2,744,551    3,251,681      4,102    101,509      112,634         415,839   1,184,020    1,413,650      19,139        788
               – Financial investments at FVTPL     423,467      439,231      4,102     76,314       38,048          96,166     161,826       57,052       5,723          –
               – Debt investments at amortised
                    cost                          1,536,397    1,919,576           –    17,387       42,650        166,559      588,262    1,103,949           –        769
               – Debt investments at FVTOCI         771,271      879,458           –     7,808       31,936        153,114      433,932      252,649           –         19
               – Equity investments designated
                    at FVTOCI                       13,416       13,416           –          –            –              –            –           –       13,416          –
             Other assets                           89,425       89,425      35,078     10,381       15,434         17,310        1,534         605        4,929      4,154
             Total                                9,862,933   11,707,905    193,726    997,167      646,262       2,229,211   3,272,600    3,780,018     559,554     29,367
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
               and lease liabilities
             Borrowing from central banks and
               amounts due to banks and other
               financial institutions             1,072,952    1,084,577     515,448   265,758      118,566        151,289       26,391       7,125            –          –
             Deposits from customers              7,535,742    7,794,971   4,847,726   389,687      403,223        894,832    1,223,242      36,261            –          –
             Financial liabilities at FVTPL          63,314       63,506      12,085     9,000        8,927          5,486        7,988      20,020            –          –
             Lease liabilities                       13,013       14,292           –       505          599          3,328        8,386       1,474            –          –
             Debt securities issued                 222,288      235,656           –     4,480       28,783         76,447       96,703      29,243            –          –
             Other liabilities                      162,409      162,409      62,796    27,724       11,623         28,870       31,154         242            –          –
             Total                                9,069,718    9,355,411   5,438,055   697,154      571,721       1,160,252   1,393,864      94,365            –          –
             Gross loan commitments                       –    1,573,991   1,573,991          –            –              –            –           –           –          –
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                             291
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(c)    Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                   After           After        After
                                                                                                1 month        3 months        1 year
                                             Carrying                 Repayable      Within   but within      but within   but within       Over
                                             amount          Total   on demand     1 month     3 months           1 year      5 years     5 years   Indefinite   Overdue
       Non-derivative financial assets
       Cash and balances with central
         banks                               566,965      566,965       79,129            –           –               –            –            –    487,836           –
       Amounts due from banks and other
         financial institutions               798,078      800,869      59,862     602,201      62,062           65,229       11,466           49          –           –
       Loans and advances to customers      5,325,511    6,680,629      20,719     560,371     398,738        1,503,759    1,831,318    2,345,796          –      19,928
       Financial investments                2,153,125    2,540,798       3,715      90,330      67,149          339,704    1,050,476      979,116     10,071         237
         – Financial investments at FVTPL     348,123      355,501       3,715      64,405      28,852           90,837      127,527       37,089      3,076           –
         – Debt investments at amortised
              cost                          1,169,652    1,453,059            –     12,008       17,405        159,993      529,031      734,385            –       237
         – Debt investments at FVTOCI         628,355      725,243            –     13,917       20,892         88,874      393,918      207,642            –         –
         – Equity investments designated
              at FVTOCI                        6,995        6,995            –           –            –               –            –           –       6,995           –
       Other assets                          154,308      154,308      102,918       9,891       13,745          13,795        1,848         528       7,670       3,913
       Total                                8,997,987   10,743,569     266,343    1,262,793    541,694        1,922,487    2,895,108    3,325,489    505,577      24,078
       Non-derivative financial liabilities
         and lease liabilities
       Borrowing from central banks and
         amounts due to banks and other
         financial institutions             1,238,594    1,245,870     628,157     315,523     123,610         156,000       19,668        2,912            –          –
       Deposits from customers              6,347,078    6,500,805   4,215,760     318,932     323,909         754,023      887,030        1,151            –          –
       Financial liabilities at FVTPL          63,761       64,232      12,926      10,408       7,387           4,748       10,068       18,695            –          –
       Lease liabilities                       13,812       15,087           –         511         545           3,080        8,974        1,977            –          –
       Debt securities issued                 444,541      459,323           –      22,002      70,839         226,189       94,221       46,072            –          –
       Other liabilities                      158,091      158,091      74,533      36,128      15,454          23,052        8,406          518            –          –
       Total                                8,265,877    8,443,408   4,931,376     703,504     541,744        1,167,092    1,028,367      71,325            –          –
       Gross loan commitments                       –    1,386,481   1,386,481            –           –               –            –            –           –          –

       Note:      Interest receivable and interest payable of financial instruments are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
292   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (d)    Operational risk
             Operational risk arises from the loss due to deficiency in internal procedures, staffing or IT structure, as well as
             external events which have effect on operation, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputation risk.
             During the reporting period, through stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in
             key areas, and by focusing on process, policy, employee system, and existing problems of critical control segments,
             the Group further improves the risk management framework and method, appraisal and assessment mechanism,
             and strengthens economic capital allocation mechanism with the goal of enhancing the ability and effectiveness
             of operational risk’s management of the Group. All major indexes meet the requirements of the Group’s risk
             preference.
             In view of the challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
             appetite, continue to upgrade its risk management capabilities and strengthen operational risk monitoring and
             controls, in order to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.



      (e)    Capital management
             The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:
             –      Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy
                    requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion,
                    social responsibility and strategic planning implementation to achieve a comprehensive, coordinated and
                    sustainable growth;
             –      Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly
                    disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the
                    entire group;
             –      Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various risk-
                    specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application regimes,
                    strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate customer
                    pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;
             –      Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital
                    structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns for shareholders.
             The Group manages its capital structure and adjusts it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
             of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
             issue or repurchase shares, additional tier-1 capital instruments, eligible tier-2 capital instruments, and convertible
             debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under an approach stipulated by the
             CBIRC. The Group and the Bank submit required information to the CBIRC every quarter.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   293
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(e)    Capital management (continued)
       The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
       calculation covers all branches of the Bank. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
       capital adequacy ratio calculation included: CMB WLB, CMBIC, CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB
       Europe S.A.
       Since 1 January 2013, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the CBIRC’s
       Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations. On 18
       April 2014, the CBIRC approved the Bank to adopt the Advanced Measurement Approach. Within the approved
       scope, the Bank could calculate corporation and financial institutions risk exposure using the Foundation Internal
       Ratings-Based Approach, retail risk exposure using the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based Approach, market risk
       using the Internal Model-Based Approach, and operational risk using the Standardised Measurement Approach. At
       the same time, the CBIRC implemented a transition period for commercial banks that were approved to adopt the
       Advanced Measurement Approach. During the transition period, commercial banks should use both the Advanced
       Measurement Approach and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy ratios, and comply with the capital floor
       requirements.
       The Group’s capital management focuses on the capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy
       ratio reflects the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resistance. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio
       management’s objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according
       to actual risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the
       Group’s operating conditions.
       The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plan and manage its capital
       adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
       and risk movement trends.



(f)    Use of derivatives
       Derivatives include forwards, swaps and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
       interest rate markets.
       The Group enters into interest rate, foreign currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business
       and its assets and liabilities management purpose. The Group’s derivatives can be divided into financial instruments
       that are held for fair value hedge and cash flow hedging purpose and that are at fair value through profit or loss.
       The Group formulates appropriate hedging strategies and uses proper tools in light of the risk profile of interest
       rates or foreign exchange rates associated with its assets and liabilities, as well as its analysis and judgement
       regarding future movements of interest rates or foreign exchange rates.
       The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Such
       risk can be offset through the use of foreign exchange forwards or foreign exchange options.
294   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             In cash flow hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risks
             arising from RMB loans and interbank assets or liabilities.
             The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair values of derivatives
             of the Group by remaining maturities at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives
             indicate the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, and do not represent
             the amounts at risk.
                                                                                         2022
                                                            Notional amounts with remaining life                     Fair value
                                                              Between      Between
                                                   Within    3 months    1 year and         Over
                                                 3 months   and 1 year       5 years      5 years          Total   Assets    Liabilities
             Derivatives at fair value through
              profit or loss
                Interest rate derivatives          60,013     734,650       735,046         4,720      1,534,429    6,246          (6,062)
                Interest rate swaps                60,013     734,241       735,046         4,720      1,534,020    6,246          (6,062)
                Bond futures                            –         409             –             –            409        –               –
              Currency derivatives                513,568     329,319        27,320         1,198       871,405    11,348         (11,449)
               Forwards                            21,443       4,812           645         1,198        28,098       487            (328)
               Foreign exchange swaps             347,432     226,332        17,724             –       591,488     9,263          (7,304)
               Futures                              1,043          81             –             –         1,124         –               –
               Options                            143,650      98,094         8,951             –       250,695     1,598          (3,817)
              Other derivatives                    91,064         520           640              34      92,258      867             (856)
               Equity options purchased            42,889          57             –              34      42,980      554                –
               Equity options written              42,909          57             –               –      42,966        –             (472)
               Commodity trading swaps              5,266         406             –               –       5,672      313             (330)
               Credit default swaps                     –           –           640               –         640        –              (54)
             Fair value hedge derivatives
               Currency derivatives                     –       1,316           781                –      2,097       28             (153)
                 Foreign exchange swaps                 –       1,316           781                –      2,097       28             (153)
             Cash flow hedge derivatives
              Interest rate derivatives             2,393         100         1,804             709       5,006      182                –
                Interest rate swaps                 2,373         100         1,804             709       4,986      182                –
                Interest rate options                  20           –             –               –          20        –                –
             Derivatives managed in
              conjunction with financial
              instruments designated at FVTPL
              Interest rate derivatives                 –       3,085           717                –      3,802         –             (47)
                Interest rate swaps                     –       3,085           717                –      3,802         –             (47)
              Currency derivatives                      –           –           728                –        728         –             (69)
                Foreign exchange swaps                  –           –           728                –        728         –             (69)
             Total                                667,038    1,068,990      767,036         6,661      2,509,725   18,671         (18,636)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                               295
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
                                                                                      2021
                                                        Notional amounts with remaining life                      Fair value
                                                         Between       Between
                                             Within     3 months     1 year and
                                           3 months    and 1 year       5 years   Over 5 years         Total   Assets          Liabilities
       Derivatives at fair value through
        profit or loss
        Interest rate derivatives           567,612      823,679     1,237,360           4,966     2,633,617   11,720           (11,974)
          Interest rate swaps               565,833      823,679     1,237,360           4,966     2,631,838   11,720           (11,974)
          Bond futures                          391            –             –               –           391        –                 –
          Bond options                        1,388            –             –               –         1,388        –                 –
        Currency derivatives                647,081      506,850        29,615           1,052     1,184,598   10,041           (13,966)
         Forwards                            26,577       14,373         1,517           1,052        43,519      985              (164)
         Foreign exchange swaps             485,140      357,685        20,086               –       862,911    7,530            (7,048)
         Futures                                587        1,157             –               –         1,744        –                 –
         Options                            134,777      133,635         8,012               –       276,424    1,526            (6,754)
        Other derivatives                   134,230        5,424            277                –    139,931     1,472             (1,237)
         Equity options purchased            62,094          907              –                –     63,001       344                  –
         Equity options written              62,094          907              –                –     63,001         –               (265)
         Commodity trading swaps             10,001        3,475             60                –     13,536     1,128               (751)
         Equity swaps                            41          135            217                –        393         –               (221)
       Fair value hedge derivatives
         Currency derivatives                      –           –            830                –        830         –                 (16)
           Foreign exchange swaps                  –           –            830                –        830         –                 (16)
       Cash flow hedge derivatives
        Interest rate derivatives                  –           –          2,883            702        3,585       46                    –
          Interest rate swaps                      –           –          2,883            702        3,585       46                    –
       Derivatives managed in
        conjunction with financial
        instruments designated at FVTPL
        Interest rate derivatives               191          967          3,486                –      4,644      111                  (17)
          Interest rate swaps                   191          967          3,486                –      4,644      111                  (17)
        Currency derivatives                      –           72            530                –        602        –                  (72)
          Foreign exchange swaps                  –           72            530                –        602        –                  (72)
       Total                               1,349,114   1,336,992     1,274,981           6,720     3,967,807   23,390           (27,282)

       There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.
296   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (f)    Use of derivatives (continued)
             The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows:
                                                                                                       2022                  2021
             Default risk weighted assets of counterparties                                           1,500                 3,627
               Interest rate derivatives                                                                137                   139
               Currency derivatives                                                                   1,242                 3,048
               Other derivatives                                                                        121                   440
             Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets                                         2,187                 2,382
             Total                                                                                    3,687                 6,009

             The Group has calculated the exposure of derivatives according to the Notice of the Measures on Default Risk
             Weighted Assets of Counterparties in Respect of Derivatives and the related requirements issued by the CBIRC.
             These amounts have taken the effects of bilateral netting arrangements into account. The risk weighted amounts in
             respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with the Administrative Measures on Capital of Commercial Banks
             (Provisional) issued by the CBIRC. The amounts within the scope approved by the CBIRC in April 2014 are calculated
             using the Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is adopted to calculate those that are not
             eligible for the Internal Ratings-Based approach.



      (g)    Fair value information
      (i)    Methods of determining fair value of financial instruments
             A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosure requirements stipulate the measurement of fair values,
             for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
             The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
             team that takes the responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including the three levels of
             fair values.
             The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
             information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to determine fair value, then the valuation team
             assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
             requirements of IFRSs, including the classification of levels in the fair value hierarchy.
             When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
             Fair values are categorised into different levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
             techniques.
             The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair value hierarchy of the
             lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:
             –       Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date for
                     identical assets or liabilities;
             –       Level 2 inputs: other than quoted prices included in level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly
                     observable for underlying assets or liabilities inputs;
             –       Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for assets or liabilities.
             The Group recognises transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy when they occur.
             The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
             assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 297
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis
       The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
       period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
       date:
                                                                                         2022
                                                                  Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
       Assets
       Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    16,175          390,702           4,714         411,591
         – Debt securities                                        15,497          187,349             359         203,205
         – Long position in precious metal contracts                 108                –               –             108
         – Equity investments                                        494              392           3,493           4,379
         – Fund investments                                           76          199,665             798         200,539
         – Wealth management products                                  –            2,543               –           2,543
         – Other                                                       –              753              64             817
       Financial investments designated at FVTPL                     948           10,928               –          11,876
         – Debt securities                                           948           10,928               –          11,876
       Derivative financial assets                                     –           18,671               –          18,671
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –                3           4,991           4,994
       Debt investments at FVTOCI                                136,831          643,518               –         780,349
       Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –          514,051         100,430         614,481
       Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                     3,164            2,862           7,390          13,416
       Total                                                     157,118        1,580,735         117,525       1,855,378
       Liabilities
       Financial liabilities held for trading                      17,917             330               –          18,247
         – Financial liabilities related to precious metal         17,634               –               –          17,634
         – Short position on bonds                                    283             330               –             613
       Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                   21,879          20,541           2,647          45,067
         – Placement of precious metal from financial
              institutions                                         14,170               –               –          14,170
         – Certificates of deposit issued                               –             383               –             383
         – Debt securities issued                                   7,709               –               –           7,709
         – Other                                                        –          20,158           2,647          22,805
       Derivative financial liabilities                                 –          18,636               –          18,636
       Total                                                       39,796          39,507           2,647          81,950
298   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
                                                                                          2021
                                                                        Level 1     Level 2        Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Financial investments measured at FVTPL                    20,517     292,849          4,879        318,245
               – Debt securities                                        19,102     127,411            373        146,886
               – Long position in precious metal contracts                 102           –              –            102
               – Equity investments                                      1,180           2          3,727          4,909
               – Fund investments                                          133     161,865            772        162,770
               – Wealth management products                                  –       2,396              –          2,396
               – Other                                                       –       1,175              7          1,182
             Financial investments designated at FVTPL                   1,022      28,856              –         29,878
               – Debt securities                                         1,022      28,856              –         29,878
             Derivative financial assets                                     –      23,390              –         23,390
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                        –           –          7,281          7,281
             Debt investments at FVTOCI                                127,847     508,191              –        636,038
             Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                       –     431,291         56,713        488,004
             Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                     2,269           –          4,726          6,995
             Total                                                     151,655    1,284,577        73,599      1,509,831
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities held for trading                     16,832         185               –        17,017
               – Financial liabilities related to precious metal        16,406           –               –        16,406
               – Short position on bonds                                   426         185               –           611
             Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                  19,569      19,028           8,147        46,744
               – Placement of precious metal from financial
                 institutions                                           11,596           –               –         11,596
               – Certificates of deposit issued                              –         377               –            377
               – Debt securities issued                                  7,600           –               –          7,600
               – Other                                                     373      18,651           8,147         27,171
             Derivative financial liabilities                                –      27,282               –         27,282
             Total                                                      36,401      46,495           8,147        91,043

             During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there were no significant transfers of financial instruments
             between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 299
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (1)    Basis of determining the market prices for recurring fair value measurements categorised as Level 1
              Bloomberg etc. are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.


       (2)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurement categorised as Level 2
              Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China Bond website on the valuation date
              is measured using the latest available valuation results.
              Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market is measured by using the
              comprehensive valuations issued by Bloomberg, etc.
              Fair value of foreign exchange forwards contracts in derivative financial instruments is measured by
              discounting the differences between the contract prices and market future prices of the foreign exchange
              forwards contracts. The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the
              end of the reporting period.
              Fair value of option contracts such as foreign exchange options, commodity options and equity options is
              measured by using the Black-Scholes model, based on market data such as risk-free interest rate, underlying
              market prices and price volatility of foreign exchange, commodities, and equity contract. The above market
              data used are quoted price in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Refinitiv, Wind and other market
              information providers.
              Fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange swaps, and non-option commodity contracts in derivative
              financial instruments is measured by discounting the expected receivable or payable amounts under the
              assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of the reporting period. The discount rates
              used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end of reporting period.
              Observable quoted price in market is used as the basis of determining the value of equity investments
              measured at FVTPL, investment funds and wealth management products.
              The fair value of discounted bills at FVTOCI and at FVTPL in the Chinese mainland is measured based on
              the rate of rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd.
              The Group uses 10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills; or
              is measured by discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates used are determined by factors such as
              credit rating of the loan customer provided by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, customer industry, term to maturity of
              the loan, loan currency and the issuer credit spread.
              The fair value of equity investments designated at FVTOCI is measured based on the recent transaction price
              or by using the comprehensive valuations on Bloomberg.
              The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations on
              Bloomberg.
              The fair value of “Other” under financial investments measured at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset
              values.
              The fair value of other financial liabilities designated at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset values of
              the funds, determined with reference to observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and
              adjustments of related expenses.
300   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3:
                                                             Fair value
                                                                   as at
                                                          31 December
                                                                   2022    Valuation techniques       Unobservable inputs
                    Equity investments designated                 2,725    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      at FVTOCI
                    Equity investments designated                   101    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      at FVTOCI                                              approach                   rate, cash flow
                    Equity investments designated                 4,564    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                      at FVTOCI                                                                         discount
                    Loans and advances to customers               4,991    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      at FVTPL                                               approach                   rate
                    Loans and advances to customers            100,430     Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                      at FVTOCI                                              approach                   rate
                    Financial investments measured
                      at FVTPL
                      – Equity investments                        2,950    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      – Equity investments                          528    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate, cash flow
                      – Equity investments                           15    Net asset value approach   Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                        discount
                      – Debt securities                             359    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                             approach                   rate
                      – Fund investments                            797    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                      – Fund investments                              1    Market approach            Liquidity discount
                      – Other                                        64    Net fund value approach    Net assets
                    Financial liabilities designated at           2,647    Net fund value approach    Net assets, liquidity
                      FVTPL                                                                             discount
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            301
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                                                       Fair value
                                                            as at
                                                    31 December
                                                            2021    Valuation techniques         Unobservable inputs
              Equity investments designated at               873    Market approach              Liquidity discount
                FVTOCI
              Equity investments designated at             3,853    Net asset value approach     Net assets, liquidity
                FVTOCI                                                                             discount
              Loans and advances to customers              7,281    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                at FVTPL                                              approach                     rate
              Loans and advances to customers             56,713    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                at FVTOCI                                             approach                     rate
              Financial investments measured at
                FVTPL
                – Equity investments                       3,491    Market approach              Liquidity discount
                – Equity investments                          12    Market approach (Price-to-   Liquidity discount
                                                                      Book Ratio)
                – Equity investments                         209    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                     rate, cash flow
                – Equity investments                          15    Net asset value approach     Net assets, liquidity
                                                                                                   discount
                – Debt securities                            373    Discounted cash flow         Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      approach                     rate
                – Fund investments                           767    Net fund value approach      Net assets
                – Fund investments                             5    Market approach              Liquidity discount
                – Other                                        7    Market approach              Liquidity discount
              Financial liabilities designated at            664    Market approach              Liquidity discount
                FVTPL
              Financial liabilities designated at          7,483    Net fund value approach      Net assets, liquidity
                FVTPL                                                                              discount
302   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)    Fair value information (continued)
      (ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
             basis (continued)
             (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
                    measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
                    1)     Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs
                           The following tables show the movements from the beginning balances to the ending balances for
                           Level 3 financial instruments:
                                                                                          Loans and      Loans and           Equity
                                                                            Financial    advances to    advances to    investments
                                                                         investments       customers      customers     designated
                           Assets                                           at FVTPL        at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI        Total
                           At 1 January 2022                                    4,879          7,281        56,713            4,726     73,599
                           Profit or loss
                             – In profit or loss                                  (14)          (366)           744               –         364
                             – In other comprehensive income                        –              –           (107)             51         (56)
                           Addition for the year                                1,041             85        196,298           2,527     199,951
                           Disposals or settlement on maturity                 (1,147)        (2,036)      (153,218)           (129)   (156,530)
                           Transfer out of level 3                               (145)             –              –               –        (145)
                           Exchange difference                                    100             27              –             215         342
                           At 31 December 2022                                  4,714          4,991       100,430            7,390    117,525
                           Total unrealised gains and losses included
                             in the consolidated statement of profit
                             or loss for assets held at the end of the
                             reporting period                                     (14)         (366)              –               –        (380)

                                                                                          Loans and      Loans and            Equity
                                                                             Financial   advances to    advances to     investments
                                                                          investments     customers      customers       designated
                           Assets                                            at FVTPL       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI       at FVTOCI       Total
                           At 1 January 2021                                    2,727          6,856        44,289            5,064     58,936
                           Profit or loss
                             – In profit or loss                                  339           287           1,365               –       1,991
                             – In other comprehensive income                        –             –              48           1,050       1,098
                           Addition for the year                                1,832           143         118,229             721     120,925
                           Disposals or settlement on maturity                    (68)            –        (107,218)         (2,158)   (109,444)
                           Exchange difference                                     49            (5)              –              49          93
                           At 31 December 2021                                  4,879          7,281        56,713            4,726     73,599
                           Total unrealised gains and losses included
                             in the consolidated statement of profit
                             or loss for assets held at the end of the
                             reporting period                                     339           287               –               –        626
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 303
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



60. Risk management (continued)
(g)    Fair value information (continued)
(ii)   Assets and liabilities held at the end of reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
       basis (continued)
       (3)    Valuation techniques used and the qualitative information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)
              1)     Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                2022                  2021
                     Balance as at 1 January                                                  8,147                 5,649
                     In profit or loss                                                         (142)                  470
                     Addition for the year                                                       96                 3,105
                     Disposals and settlement on maturity                                    (5,695)                 (860)
                     Exchange difference                                                        241                  (217)
                     Balance as at 31 December                                                2,647                 8,147
                     Total unrealised gains and losses included in the
                       consolidated statement of profit or loss for liabilities
                       held at the end of the reporting period                                  148                   419

                     During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there were no significant transfers among
                     different levels for financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
                     During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group did not change the valuation
                     techniques for the financial assets and liabilities disclosed above which are measured at fair value on
                     a recurring basis.
304   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      60. Risk management (continued)
      (g)     Fair value information (continued)
      (iii)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
              (1)   Financial Assets
                     The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include balances with central banks,
                     balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale agreements,
                     loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and investments at amortised cost.
                     Except for loans and advances measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments measured at
                     amortised cost, most of the financial assets mature within 1 year, and their carrying values approximate their
                     fair values. Loans and advances are stated at amortised costs less allowances for impairment loss (Note 22).
                     Loans and advances at amortised cost are mostly priced at floating rates with reference to Loan Prime Rates
                     (LPRs) and repriced at least annually, and impairment allowances are made to reduce the carrying amounts
                     of impaired loans to estimated recoverable amounts. Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances is
                     close to their fair value.
                     Debt investments measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost less allowances for impairment
                     losses. The fair value of the listed investments is disclosed in Note 23(b).
                     The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of debt investments at amortised cost not measured at
                     fair value are listed as below:
                     The Level 1 fair value measurement is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets using Bloomberg
                     etc. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China Bond website are used to measure fair value of
                     bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds without active quoted
                     price, which are measured using the published comprehensive valuation by Bloomberg. The Level 3 fair value
                     is measured using discounted cash flow valuation technique.
                                                                                 2022                                                      2021
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2    Level 3
                     Debt investments at amortised cost 1,536,397   1,569,775    41,700     1,434,070   94,005    1,169,652   1,235,725     6,659     1,097,435   131,631

                     Note:       The above financial assets do not include interest receivable.




              (2)   Financial Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due
                     to banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities
                     issued by the Group. The carrying value of financial liabilities approximate their fair value at the end of the
                     reporting period, except for the financial liabilities set out below:
                                                                                 2022                                                      2021
                                                        Carrying                                                   Carrying
                                                         amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2   Level 3    amount     Fair value   Level 1      Level 2    Level 3
                     Subordinated bonds issued            19,994       20,292           –     20,292         –      34,236      35,173            –     35,173          –
                     Long-term debt securities issued    120,971      118,416           –    118,416         –     159,306     160,893            –    160,893          –
                     Total                               140,965      138,708           –    138,708         –     193,542     196,066            –    196,066          –

                     Note:       The above financial liabilities do not include interest payable.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                     305
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions
(a)    Material connected person information
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows:
                                                                     No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                     Issued       shares of       of the      of the
                                                  and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                                 Registered            paid     held by the       by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
       Company name              location           capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Merchants Group     Beijing         RMB16,900    7,559,427,375       29.97%         –   Transportation, shipping      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
         (CMG)                                      million                   (note (i)(vii))          agency, warehousing           shareholder’s    liability
                                                                                                       and storage, leasing,         parent company
                                                                                                       manufacturing building
                                                                                                       and facility, repair
                                                                                                       and contracting, sales
                                                                                                       operating management
                                                                                                       service, etc.
       – China Merchants Steam Beijing           RMB17,000    3,289,470,337       13.04%         –   Transportation, building      The largest      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Navigation Co., Ltd.                     million                      (note (ii))           and repair, procurement, shareholder           liability
           (CMSNCL)                                                                                    supply chain management
                                                                                                       and distribution, shipping
                                                                                                       agency services, etc.
       – Shenzhen Yan Qing       Shenzhen          RMB600     1,258,542,349         4.99%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Xu Xin
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Shenzhen Chu Yuan       Shenzhen          RMB600      944,013,171          3.74%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Xu Xin
           Investment and                           million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Development Co., Ltd.                                                                       materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – China Merchants Finance Shenzhen         RMB7,778    1,147,377,415         4.55%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Miao Jianmin
           Investment Holdings                      million                                            domestic commerce,                             liability
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                   materials supply and
                                                                                                       marketing business, etc.
       – Best Winner Investment British Virgin     USD0.05     386,924,063          1.53%        –   –                             Shareholder      Joint stock   –
           Ltd.                   Islands           million                                                                                           limited
                                                                                                                                                      company
       – China Merchants Union British Virgin      USD0.06     477,903,500          1.89%        –   –                             Shareholder      Limited       –
           (BVI) Limited          Islands           million                                                                                           liability
       – China Merchants        Shenzhen            USD10       55,196,540          0.22%        –   Invest and set up industries, Shareholder      Limited       Wang Xiaoding
           Industry Development                     million                                            enterprise management                          liability
           (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                                             consulting and investment
                                                                                                       consulting, etc.
306   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                                          No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                          Issued       shares of       of the      of the
                                                       and fully       the Bank     Bank held Company
                                         Registered         paid     held by the       by the     held by                            Relationship                    Legal
             Company name                location        capital       Company       Company    the Bank Business                    with the Bank      Legal form   representative
             China COSCO Shipping        Beijing      RMB11,000    2,515,193,034       9.97%          – International shipping      Shareholder’s    Limited         Wan, Min
               Corporation Limited.                      million                     (note(iii))          business, supporting        parent company liability
                                                                                                          services to international
                                                                                                          shipping, imports and
                                                                                                          exports of goods and
                                                                                                          technology, international
                                                                                                          freight forwarding agent,
                                                                                                          etc.
             – China Ocean Shipping      Beijing      RMB16,191    1,574,729,111       6.24%          – Transportation business,    Shareholder      Limited         Wan, Min
                 Co., Ltd.                               million                                          leasing business, ship                       liability
                                                                                                          purchasing and marketing
                                                                                                          business, warehousing
                                                                                                          business, etc.
             – COSCO Shipping          Guangzhou       RMB3,191     696,450,214        2.76%          – Shipping business           Shareholder      Limited         Shou Jian
                 (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   million                                                                                       liability
             – Guangzhou Haining       Guangzhou         RMB52      103,552,616        0.41%          – Business services           Shareholder      Limited         Chen, Jianyao
                 Maritime Technology                     million                                                                                       liability
                 Consulting Co., Ltd.
             – COSCO Shipping          Shanghai        RMB1,399      75,617,340        0.30%          – Shipping business, leasing Shareholder         Limited       Zhao Bangtao
                 (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                    million                                           business, ship repairing                      liability
                                                                                                           and building etc.
             – COSCO Shipping          Hong Kong        HKD500       54,721,930        0.22%          – Leasing business, financing Shareholder        Limited       Wang Daxiong
                 Investment Holdings                     million                                           business, insurance                           liability
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                 business etc.
             – Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil Guangzhou        RMB299       10,121,823        0.04%          – Ship purchasing and           Shareholder      Limited       Ren Zhaoping
                 & Shipping Co., Ltd.                    million                                           marketing business,                           liability
                                                                                                           shipping agency, leasing
                                                                                                           business, shipping
                                                                                                           business etc.
             China Insurance Security Beijing           RMB100      804,907,835        3.19%          – Investing and establishing Shareholder’s       Limited       Ji, Yuhua
               Fund Co., Ltd                             million                     (note(iv))            insurance companies,         parent company liability
                                                                                                           supervising and managing
                                                                                                           various domestic and
                                                                                                           international businesses
                                                                                                           of holding investment
                                                                                                           enterprises, and
                                                                                                           investment business
                                                                                                           permitted by national laws
                                                                                                           and regulations, etc.
             – Dajia Life Insurance Co., Beijing      RMB30,790     804,907,835        3.19%          – Life insurance, health        Shareholder      Joint stock   He Xiaofeng
                 Ltd                                     million                                           insurance, accident                           limited
                                                                                                           insurance, and other                          company
                                                                                                           personal insurance
                                                                                                           services, etc.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                               307
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(a)    Material connected person information (continued)
       Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)
                                                               No. of   Proportion Proportion
                                                 Issued     shares of       of the      of the
                                              and fully     the Bank     Bank held Company
                                Registered         paid   held by the       by the     held by                             Relationship                     Legal
       Company name             location        capital     Company       Company    the Bank Business                     with the Bank      Legal form    representative
       China Communications Beijing           RMB7,274    422,770,418       1.68%           –   General contraction for    Shareholder’s    Limited         Wang Tongzhou
         Construction Group                     million                   (note(v))              construction                parent company liability
         Limited.
       – China Communications Beijing        RMB16,166    201,089,738       0.80%           – General contraction for       Shareholder      Joint stock    Wang Tongzhou
           Construction                         million                                         construction, leasing                          limited
           Company Limited.                                                                     and repair, technical                          company
                                                                                                consulting service, imports
                                                                                                and exports, investment
                                                                                                and management business
       Shanghai Automotive      Shanghai     RMB21,749    310,125,822       1.23%           – Production and sale           Shareholder’s    Limited        Chen Hong
         Industry Corporation                   million                   (note(vi))            of vehicles, asset            parent company liability
         (Group)                                                                                management business,
                                                                                                domestic trade business,
                                                                                                consulting service
       – SAIC Motor Corporation Shanghai     RMB11,683    310,125,822       1.23%           – Production and sale of        Shareholder      Joint stock    Chen Hong
           Limited                              million                                         vehicles, consulting                           limited
                                                                                                service, imports and                           company
                                                                                                exports
       CMB International Capital Hong Kong  HKD4,129                –             –     100% Investment bank and            Subsidiary       Limited        Wang, Liang
         Holdings Corporation                 million                                           investment managements                         liability
         Limited (CMBIC)
       CMB Financial Leasing     Shanghai  RMB12,000                –             –     100%    Finance lease              Subsidiary         Limited       Shi Shunhua
         Company Limited                      million                                                                                           liability
         (CMBFL)
       CMB Wing Lung Bank        Hong Kong  HKD1,161                –             –     100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Liu Yuan
         Limited (CMB WLB)                    million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Fund      Shenzhen   RMB1,310                –             –      55%    Fund Management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
         Management Co., Ltd.                 million                                                                                           liability
         (CMFM)
       CMB Wealth Management Shenzhen       RMB5,556                –             –      90%    Asset management           Subsidiary         Limited       Chen Yisong
         Co., Ltd                             million                                                                                           liability
       China Merchants Europe Luxembourg       EUR50                –             –     100%    Banking                    Subsidiary         Limited       Li Biao
         S.A. (CMB Europe S.A.)               million                                                                                           liability
       Cigna & CMB Asset         Beijing     RMB500                 –             –    Note 24 Asset management            Subsidiary         Limited       Wang Xiaoqing
         Management Company                   million                                      (vii)                                                liability
         Limited

       Notes:

       (i)        CMG together with its subsidiaries holds 29.97% of the Bank (2021: 29.97%).

       (ii)       As the largest direct shareholder, CMSNCL, a subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 13.04%).

       (iii)      China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97 % of the Bank (2021: 9.97%) through its subsidiaries.

       (iv)       China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd (“China Insurance Security Fund”) holds 3.19% of the Bank (2021: 3.23%) through its 98.23% holding
                  in Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.

       (v)        China Communications Construction Group Limited (“China Communications Construction Group”) holds 1.68% of the Bank through its
                  subsidiaries (2021:1.68%).

       (vi)       Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) (“Shanghai Automotive Industry Group”) holds 1.23% of the Bank through its subsidiaries
                  (SAIC Motor Corporation Limited) (2021: 1.23%).

       (vii)      The sum of the direct holding percentage of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the sum of the above-mentioned relevant percentages may
                  differ slightly due to rounding.
308   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (a)    Material connected person information (continued)
             The registered capital of the Group’s related parties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
             Name of related party                                                                                                                         2022                                   2021
             CMG                                                                                                                   RMB16,900,000,000                       RMB16,900,000,000
             CMSNCL                                                                                                                RMB17,000,000,000                        RMB7,000,000,000
             Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  RMB600,000,000                          RMB600,000,000
             Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  RMB600,000,000                          RMB600,000,000
             China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                  RMB7,778,000,000                        RMB7,778,000,000
             Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                                                                  USD50,000                               USD50,000
             China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited                                                                                          USD60,000                               USD60,000
             China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                                     USD10,000,000                           USD10,000,000
             China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd                                                                                  RMB100,000,000                          RMB100,000,000
             Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd                                                                                         RMB30,790,000,000                       RMB30,790,000,000
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.                                                                             RMB11,000,000,000                       RMB11,000,000,000
             China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                                        RMB16,191,351,300                       RMB16,191,351,300
             COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                                   RMB3,191,200,000                        RMB3,191,200,000
             Guangzhou Haining Maritime Technology Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                               RMB52,000,000                           RMB52,000,000
             COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                                                    RMB1,398,941,000                        RMB1,398,941,000
             COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                            HKD500,000,000                          HKD500,000,000
             Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                                            RMB299,020,000                          RMB299,020,000
             China Communications Construction Group Limited.                                                                       RMB7,274,023,830                        RMB7,274,023,830
             China Communications Construction Company Limited                                                                     RMB16,165,711,425                       RMB16,165,711,425
             Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group)                                                                      RMB21,749,175,737                       RMB21,749,175,737
             SAIC Motor Corporation Limited                                                                                        RMB11,683,461,365                       RMB11,683,461,365
             CMBIC                                                                                                                  HKD4,129,000,000                        HKD4,129,000,000
             CMBFL                                                                                                                 RMB12,000,000,000                       RMB12,000,000,000
             CMB WLB                                                                                                                HKD1,160,950,575                        HKD1,160,950,575
             CMFM                                                                                                                   RMB1,310,000,000                        RMB1,310,000,000
             CMBWM                                                                                                                  RMB5,555,555,555                        RMB5,000,000,000
             CMB Europe S.A.                                                                                                          EUR50,000,000                            EUR50,000,000
             Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited                                                                            RMB500,000,000                          RMB500,000,000

             The proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries held by the
             Bank
                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                          The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                          CMSNCL               CMBIC                 CMBFL                CMB WLB                  CMFM                 CMBWM          CMB Europe S.A.     CIGNA & CMAM

                                    No. of shares      %        HKD       %           RMB       %           HKD        %            RMB       %          RMB      %         EUR       %        RMB        %
             At 1 January 2022      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000        note

             At 31 December 2022    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555       90.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000   note

                                    The Bank held by the
                                     largest shareholder                                                            The subsidiaries held by the Bank

                                          CMSNCL               CMBIC                  CMBFL               CMB WLB                  CMFM                 CMBWM           CMB Europe S.A.    CIGNA & CMAM

                                     No. of shares     %         HKD      %            RMB      %           HKD        %            RMB       %          RMB      %          EUR      %        RMB        %

             At 1 January 2021      3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 6,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000         note

             At 31 December 2021    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,000,000,000 100.00 50,000,000 100.00 500,000,000        note

             Note:        This information is detailed in note 24.

             As of 31 December 2022, other than those disclosed above, there were 142 companies that shared common
             directors, supervisors and senior management including their close family members with the Bank and they can
             control or exercise significant influence over these companies (31 December 2021: 265).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               309
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(b)    Terms and conditions for related-party transactions
       The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business including
       lending, investing, deposit taking, securities trading, providing agency and trust services, and off-balance sheet
       transactions. In the opinion of the directors, the Group enters into such material related-party transactions under
       normal commercial terms. Interest rates on loans and deposits are set in accordance with such benchmark rates as
       PBOC rates and LPR:
                                                                                              2022                  2021
       Short-term loans                                                           3.65% to 3.80%        3.80% to 3.85%
       Medium to long-term loans                                                  3.65% to 4.65%        3.80% to 4.65%
       Demand deposits                                                                     0.35%                 0.35%
       Time deposits                                                              1.10% to 2.75%        1.10% to 2.75%

       There were no loans and advances granted to related parties that were credit-impaired during the year (2021:
       None).



(c)    Shareholders and their related companies
       The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG and its related companies held 29.97 % (2021: 29.97%) of the Bank’s shares
       as at 31 December 2022 (among them 13.04 % of the shares were directly held by CMSNCL (2021: 13.04%)).
       The Group’s transactions and balances with CMSNCL and its related companies are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                              2022                  2021
       On-balance sheet:
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                             2,000                     –
        – Amounts held under resale agreements                                               2,589                13,967
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                   40,772                42,645
        – Financial investments                                                              7,626                 1,147
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                              29,726                29,755
        – Deposits from customers                                                           45,342                45,708
        – Lease liabilities                                                                    210                   186
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                             5,087                3,645
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                                        318                  251
         – Bills of acceptances                                                                 285                  188
       Interest income                                                                        1,848                1,738
       Interest expense                                                                      (1,376)              (1,599)
       Net fee and commission income                                                          1,027                  669
       Operating expenses                                                                      (177)                 (42)
       Other net (expenses)/income                                                              (10)                  38
310   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (d)    Companies that share common directors, supervisors or senior management
             with the Bank (other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)) and they can control
             or exercise significant influence over the companies
                                                                          2022         2021
             On-balance sheet:
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions    2,277            –
              – Amounts held under resale agreements                      3,770          285
              – Loans and advances to customers                          28,103       13,366
              – Financial investments                                       770          595
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions      4,346       21,356
              – Placements from banks and other financial institutions    6,047            –
              – Deposits from customers                                  13,447       31,016
              – Lease liabilities                                            65           73
             Off-balance sheet:
               – Irrevocable guarantees                                    580         1,711
               – Irrevocable letters of credit                               6            46
               – Bills of acceptances                                        –           225
             Interest income                                              1,035          927
             Interest expense                                              (475)        (984)
             Net fee and commission income                                  133          273
             Operating expenses                                            (274)      (1,654)
             Other net (expenses)/income                                   (129)           7



      (e)    Associates and joint ventures other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)
                                                                          2022         2021
             On-balance sheet:
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions   14,675       14,500
              – Loans and advances to customers                           6,848        6,044
              – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions        896        1,251
              – Deposits from customers                                     331          693
             Off-balance sheet:
               – Irrevocable guarantees                                       –        8,700
             Interest income                                                306          516
             Interest expense                                               (19)         (20)
             Net fee and commission income                                2,498        1,695
             Operating expenses                                              (8)          (6)
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       311
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



61. Material related party transactions (continued)
(f)    Other major shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the Bank and
       exercising significant influence over the Bank
                                                                                       2022                2021
       On-balance sheet:
        – Amounts held under resale agreements                                             –                 399
        – Loans and advances to customers                                             27,070              17,654
        – Financial investments                                                        4,302               2,512
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         2,929               7,502
        – Deposits from customers                                                     14,872              19,704
        – Lease liabilities                                                               40                  46
       Off-balance sheet:
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                      8,511               7,895
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                               1,835                 337
         – Bills of acceptances                                                        5,125               5,068
       Interest income                                                                   913                 738
       Interest expense                                                                 (633)               (585)
       Net fee and commission income                                                   2,242               1,411
       Operating expenses                                                               (138)                  –
       Other net expense                                                                  (1)                (10)



(g)    Subsidiaries
                                                                                       2022                2021
       On-balance sheet
        – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                           958               1,950
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                      32,438              37,055
        – Loans and advances to customers                                              1,396                   –
        – Financial investments                                                        3,415               3,454
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                         4,630               7,246
        – Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                         –                 816
        – Deposits from customers                                                      5,206               3,957
       Off-balance sheet
         – Irrevocable guarantees                                                         38                   –
         – Irrevocable letters of credit                                               4,599               1,998
         – Bills of acceptances                                                          222                  81
       Interest income                                                                   943               1,124
       Interest expense                                                                 (129)               (258)
       Net fee and commission expenses                                                   (93)             (1,294)
       Operating expenses                                                             (1,797)                (96)
       Other net income                                                                  150                 111

       All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
       consolidated financial statements.
312   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      61. Material related party transactions (continued)
      (h)    Key management personnel
             Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
             controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.
                                                                                                       2022                   2021
                                                                                               in thousands            in thousands
             Salaries and other emoluments                                                            38,249                 39,264
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                         –                 11,087
             Share-based payment                                                                     (41,066)                17,312
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                                      –                    567
             Total                                                                                    (2,817)                68,230

             The above share-based payments represent the estimated fair value of the share appreciation rights granted (Note
             39(a)(iii)) to senior management under the Bank’s H share Appreciation Rights Scheme. The fair value is measured
             by using the Black-Scholes model and according to the accounting policy set out in Note 4(17); and the amounts are
             charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As the share options may
             expire without being exercised, the directors consider the amounts disclosed are not representative of actual cash
             flows received or to be received by senior management.



      (i)    Annuity scheme
             Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
             other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
             2022 and 2021.



      62. Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries, the Group does
             not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during the reporting period.



      (a)    Perpetual debt capital
             CMB WLB, the Group’s subsidiary, issued perpetual debt of US$170 million on 27 April 2017 and another perpetual
             debt of US$400 million on 24 January 2019. CMB WLB redeemed the USD170 million perpetual debt issued in 2017
             during the current year. Movements of these perpetual debt capital are as follows:
                                                                             Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2022                                                   3,636                     –                  3,636
             Redemption in 2022                                                 (1,104)                    –                 (1,104)
             Distributions in 2022                                                   –                   202                    202
             Paid in 2022                                                            –                  (202)                  (202)
             Exchange difference                                                   255                     –                    255
             At 31 December 2022                                                 2,787                      –                 2,787

                                                                              Principal    Distributions/Paid                  Total
             At 1 January 2021                                                   3,753                      –                 3,753
             Distributions in 2021                                                   –                    227                   227
             Paid in 2021                                                            –                   (227)                 (227)
             Exchange difference                                                  (117)                     –                  (117)
             At 31 December 2021                                                 3,636                      –                 3,636

             There is no maturity for the instruments and the payments of distribution can be cancelled at the discretion of
             the issuer. Cancelled interest is non-cumulative. There is no contractual obligation to deliver cash to other parties.
             During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, CMB WLB did not cancel the payment of distribution and the
             corresponding amounts were paid to the perpetual debt holders accordingly.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    313
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



63. Transfers of financial assets
       The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial
       assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases, such transfers may give rise to full or partial
       derecognition of the financial assets concerned, and in other cases the transfers may not qualify for derecognition as
       the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these transferred assets. As a result, the Group continues
       to recognise these transferred assets.



       Securitisation of credit assets
       The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
       to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire certain
       investments at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the associated credit assets by
       evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.
       With respect to the credit assets that are securitised and qualified for derecognition, based on the criteria set out in
       Note 4(5), the Group derecognises the transferred credit assets in their entirety. During the year ended 31 December
       2022, the Group transferred loans amounting to RMB17,362 million (2021: RMB56,068 million) in securitisation
       arrangements, as well as substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the loans. The full amount of such
       securitised loans were then derecognised.
       In the cases that the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
       transferred credit assets, and for which the Group retains control, the Group recognises an asset in the consolidated
       statement of financial position to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the transferred assets, the
       remaining portion is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and
       rewards exposed by the Group to the value changes of the transferred assets. For the year ended 31 December
       2022, there were no new securitised credit assets in which the Group retained the continuing involvement (2021:
       RMB15,942 million). The carrying amount of the continuing involvement asset and the corresponding continuing
       involvement liability, are recognised in other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial
       position, amounting to RMB5,274 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB5,274 million).



       Transfers of credit assets to third parties
       During the year of 2022, in addition to securitisation transactions, the Group transferred credit assets amounting to
       RMB995 million (2021: RMB548 million) to independent third parties directly during the year ended 31 December
       2022. The Group determined that these transferred assets qualified for full derecognition, based on the criteria set
       out in Note 4(5), since the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the transferred assets to
       the counterparties.



       Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions
       Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills held
       by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and securities lent to counterparties under securities
       lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under agreements to
       repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
       of the contract. The Group determines that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and
       therefore does not derecognise them. Instead, it recognises a financial liability for cash received as collateral.
314   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
             The scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is determined on a control basis. Control means that
             the investor has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns by participating in the relevant activities of the
             investee, and has the ability to use the power to affect the amount of its return.
             The Group has the power over structured entities, and the other investors have no substantive rights. In the
             meantime, the Group is entitled to variable returns, and will consolidate entities, in which the Group has the right
             to affect the amount of its return.
             In addition to the above-mentioned structured entities that have been included in the Group’s consolidated financial
             statements, the Group’s equity information on structured entities which is not covered by the consolidated financial
             statements is as follows:



      (a)    Interests in the structured entities sponsored by third parties institutions
             The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third parties through investments in the units
             issued by these structured entities. Such interests include investments in wealth management products, asset
             management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and fund investments, and the Group does
             not consolidate these structured entities. The purpose of the Group holding these structured entities is to obtain
             investment income, capital appreciation or both.
             The following tables set out an analysis of the balance of interests held by the Group in the structured entities
             sponsored by third parties and an analysis of the line items in the consolidated statement of financial positions as
             at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in which assets are recognised relating to the Group’s interests in
             structured entities sponsored by third parties:
                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                      Balance
                                                                                     Debt
                                                                Financial     investments           Debt
                                                             investments     at amortised    investments                  Maximum
                                                                at FVTPL              cost     at FVTOCI         Total    exposure
             Asset management schemes                                  –           48,362                  –    48,362       48,362
             Trust beneficiary rights                                  –           37,954                  –    37,954       37,954
             Asset-backed securities                                 835            1,031                170     2,036        2,036
             Fund investments                                    186,311                –                  –   186,311      186,311
             Wealth management products                              110                –                  –       110          110
             Total                                               187,256           87,347                170   274,773      274,773

                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                       Balance
                                                                                      Debt
                                                                 Financial     investments              Debt
                                                              investments     at amortised       investments               Maximum
                                                                 at FVTPL             cost         at FVTOCI     Total     exposure
             Asset management schemes                                  –           67,432                 –     67,432       67,432
             Trust beneficiary rights                                  –           34,112                 –     34,112       34,112
             Asset-backed securities                               2,537              307             1,205      4,049        4,049
             Fund investments                                    156,112                –                 –    156,112      156,112
             Total                                               158,649          101,851             1,205    261,705      261,705

             The maximum exposures of investments in funds, trust beneficiary rights, asset management schemes, wealth
             management products and asset-backed securities are the balance of these assets.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  315
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
(b)    Interests in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group
       The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
       management products, funds and assets management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
       are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
       the issuance of investment products to investors. Interest of the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities is
       limited to fees and commissions charged for management services provided.
       As at 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       sponsored by the Group was RMB2,667,663 million (31 December 2021: RMB2,777,537 million).
       As at 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated funds sponsored by the Group was RMB1,219,793 million
       (31 December 2021: RMB1,200,150 million).
       As at 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated asset management schemes sponsored by the Group was
       RMB189,332 million (31 December 2021: RMB174,555 million).
       As at 31 December 2022, amounts held under resale agreements transacted between the Group and the non-
       principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group were nil (31 December 2021:
       RMB30,896 million). The above transactions were conducted in accordance with normal business terms and
       conditions.
       As at 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
       held by the Group was RMB2,433 million (31 December 2021: RMB2,396 million).
       As at 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated funds held by the Group was RMB14,228 million (31
       December 2021: RMB6,658 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
       management products sponsored by the Group transferred to investments measured at amortised cost of the Group
       was RMB11,143 million (2021: RMB11,004 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products was RMB17,037 million (2021: RMB11,998 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated funds was RMB5,627 million (2021: RMB4,223 million).
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
       unconsolidated asset management schemes was RMB526 million (2021: RMB627 million).
       The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group after 1 January
       2022 with a maturity date before 31 December 2022 was RMB620,318 million (2021: RMB1,529,874 million).



65. Comparative figures
       Certain comparative figures in the notes have been re-presented to conform to presentation in current year.
316   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




      (A) Capital adequacy ratio
               The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on
               the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) issued in 2012 and effective on 1 January 2013. The bases used herein
               may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
               In accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by the CBIRC in April 2014, the Group
               calculates core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio as follows:
                                                                                                                             2022                      2021
               Core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                        13.68%                     12.66%
               Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                             15.75%                     14.94%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                    17.77%                     17.48%
               Components of capital base
               Core tier-1 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of share capital                                                                      25,220                     25,220
                 Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                                    65,397                     67,491
                 Surplus reserves                                                                                         94,948                     82,104
                 Regulatory general reserve                                                                              132,451                    115,288
                 Retained earnings                                                                                       488,970                    424,768
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                               –                          –
                 Other (note (i))                                                                                         14,480                     12,788
               Total core tier-1 capital                                                                                 821,466                    727,659
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-1 capital                                                             22,114                     23,322
               Net core tier-1 capital                                                                                   799,352                    704,337
               Additional tier-1 capital (note (ii))                                                                     120,446                    127,043
               Net tier-1 capital                                                                                        919,798                    831,380
               Tier-2 capital:
                 Qualifying portion of tier-2 capital instruments and their premium                                       20,000                     24,170
                 Surplus provision for loans impairment                                                                   96,579                    115,472
                 Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                                           1,565                      1,584
               Total tier-2 capital                                                                                      118,144                    141,226
               Regulatory deductions from core tier-2 capital                                                                     –                         –
               Net tier-2 capital                                                                                        118,144                    141,226
               Net capital                                                                                            1,037,942                     972,606
               Total risk-weighted assets                                                                             5,841,685                  5,563,724

               Notes:

               (i)    :   Under CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional), other includes investment revaluation reserve,
                          exchange reserve, hedging reserve in the consolidated financial statements, etc.

               (ii)   :   The Group’s additional tier-1 capital includes preference shares, perpetual bonds, etc.

               In 2022, in accordance with the advanced capital management approach approved by CBIRC in April 2014, the Bank
               calculated core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.23%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 15.42%, capital adequacy
               ratio is 17.51%, net capital is RMB927,881 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB5,299,237 million.
               In 2022, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Group’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is
               11.52%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 13.25%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.68%, net capital is RMB1,018,678
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,941,350 million.
               In 2022, by the method of calculating credit risk using the weighted approach, market risk using the standardised
               approach and operational risk using the basic indicator approach, the Bank’s core tier-1 capital adequacy ratio
               is 10.97%, tier-1 capital adequacy ratio is 12.79%, capital adequacy ratio is 14.22%, net capital is RMB908,572
               million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,390,196 million.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                317
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(B) leverage ratio
       In accordance with the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) issued in
       2015 and effective on 1 April 2015, the Group’s leverage ratio is as follows. The basis used herein may differ from
       those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.
       The difference between regulatory items and accounting items：
                                                                                               2022                  2021
       Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements                   10,138,912             9,249,021
       Adjustments for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
         commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes but
         outside the scope of regulatory consolidation                                      (47,666)              (54,231)
       Adjustments for fiduciary assets                                                           –                     –
       Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                      (7,911)               (8,526)
       Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                      12,444                27,776
       Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                             1,496,177             1,204,181
       Other adjustments                                                                    (22,114)              (23,322)
       Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 11,569,842           10,394,899

       Leverage ratio, net tier-1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures and other information:
                                                                                               2022                  2021
       On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives and securities
         financing transactions (SFT))                                                    9,796,112             8,647,884
       Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1 capital                 (22,114)              (23,322)
       Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet assets
         (excluding derivatives and SFTs)                                                 9,773,998             8,624,562
       Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions (net of
         eligible cash variation margin)                                                      5,551                 5,374
       Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated with all
         derivatives transactions                                                             5,175                 9,489
       Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from the
         balance sheet assets                                                                      –                     –
       Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin provided
         in derivatives transactions                                                               –                     –
       Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade exposures                   –                     –
       Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives                                     –                     –
       Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit derivatives                 –                     –
       Total derivative exposures                                                            10,726                14,863
       Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after adjusting for sale
         accounting transactions                                                            276,497               523,517
       Less: Netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of gross SFT
         assets                                                                                    –                     –
       Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets                                      12,444                27,776
       Agent transaction exposures                                                                –                     –
       Total securities financing transaction exposures                                     288,941               551,293
       Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount                                3,093,836             2,576,292
       Less: Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts                     (1,597,659)           (1,372,111)
       Balance of adjusted off-balance sheet assets                                       1,496,177             1,204,181
       Net tier-1 capital                                                                   919,798               831,380
       Balance of adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets                 11,569,842           10,394,899
       Leverage ratio                                                                        7.95%                 8.00%
318   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (C) Liquidity coverage ratio
             The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the
             Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ from
             those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the Group
             was 164.92% in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 14.46 percentage points from the previous quarter,
             mainly due to the increase in high quality liquid assets. The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group at the end of the
             fourth quarter of 2022 was 180.48%, which met the regulatory requirements of the China Banking and Insurance
             Regulatory Commission in 2022. The breakdown of the Group’s average value of each item of liquidity coverage
             ratio in the fourth quarter of 2022 is set out below:
                                                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                    Unweighted                     Weighted
                                                                                                                        amount                      amount
             Serial No.                                                                                          (average value)             (average value)
             Stock of high quality liquid assets
             1      Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                        1,776,915
             Cash outflows
             2      Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:                                              3,040,565                     268,155
             3        Stable deposits                                                                                      718,034                      35,902
             4        Less stable deposits                                                                               2,322,531                     232,253
             5      Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                               4,308,337                   1,404,145
             6        Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)                                               2,736,973                     678,934
             7        Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                            1,551,553                     705,400
             8        Unsecured debt issuance                                                                               19,811                      19,811
             9      Secured funding                                                                                                                     20,190
             10     Additional requirements, of which:                                                                   1,867,358                     361,680
             11       Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other
                        transactions arising from related collateral requirements                                          266,606                     266,606
             12       Cash outflows arising from secured debt instruments funding                                                –                           –
             13       Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities                                                  1,600,752                      95,074
             14     Other contractual obligations to extend funds                                                           80,435                      80,435
             15     Other contingent funding obligations                                                                 3,097,405                     101,227
             16     Total cash outflows                                                                                                              2,235,832
             Cash inflows
             17     Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)                                      225,766                     225,358
             18     Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                      1,080,962                     667,225
             19     Other cash inflows                                                                                     270,677                     265,803
             20     Total cash inflows                                                                                   1,577,405                   1,158,386


                                                                                                                                              Adjusted value
             21       Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                                      1,776,915
             22       Net cash outflows                                                                                                              1,077,446
             23       Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                    164.92%

             Notes:

             (i)      The domestic data in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter and the month-end average for
                      the data of subsidiaries.

             (ii)     The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared based on cash and the central bank reserve available under pressure conditions,
                      as well as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on the
                      “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                  319
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio
       The Group prepared and disclosed information on Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
       the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The Group’s Net Stable Funding
       Ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 2022 was 131.83%, representing an increase of 7.59 percentage points as
       compared with the previous quarter, which was mainly affected by the increase in deposit scale. The breakdown of
       the Group’s Net Stable Funding Ratio in the last two quarters is set out below:
       31 December 2022
                                                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                             Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                        6 months to
       Serial No.                                                         No maturity     < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
       Available stable funding (ASF) item
       1       Capital                                                       943,308                –             –        20,000    963,308
       2          Regulatory capital                                         943,308                –             –        20,000    963,308
       3          Other capital instruments                                        –                –             –             –          –
       4       Retail deposits and deposits from Small business
                  customer                                                  2,400,097       1,062,658       52,074          6,630   3,209,709
       5          Stable deposits                                             791,230           2,954          459          1,470     756,381
       6          Less stable deposits                                      1,608,867       1,059,704       51,615          5,160   2,453,328
       7       Wholesale funding                                            2,899,666       1,826,714      230,630        323,306   2,585,899
       8          Operational deposits                                      2,676,551               –            –              –   1,338,276
       9          Other wholesale funding                                     223,115       1,826,714      230,630        323,306   1,247,623
       10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                      –               –            –              –           –
       11      Other liabilities                                                3,638         137,770       55,822        150,708     148,595
       12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                              30,024
       13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                    above categories                                            3,638        137,770         55,822       120,684     148,595
       14      Total ASF                                                                                                            6,907,511
       Required stable funding (RSF) item
       15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                          293,732
       16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                  operational purposes                                         48,737          10,735         1,923           352      31,049
       17      Performing loans and securities                                 94,038       2,253,736     1,188,547     3,624,374   4,542,753
       18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                    Level 1 HQLA                                                    –        236,212              –             –     35,432
       19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                    by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                    loans to financial institutions                             1,065        553,921       199,151         45,021    227,856
       20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                    loans to retail and small business customers, and
                    loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                    which:                                                          –       1,267,001      907,300      2,062,210   2,805,652
       21           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                       under the Basel II standardized approach for
                       credit risk                                                  –        200,534       107,892        171,885     265,938
       22         Performing residential mortgages, of which:                       –         35,699        29,582      1,328,198   1,160,015
       23           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                       under the Basel II standardized approach for
                       credit risk                                                  –               –             –             –           –
       24         Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                    as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                92,973        160,903         52,514       188,945    313,798
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                      –              –              –             –          –
320   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
             31 December 2022 (continued)
                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                    Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                               6 months to
             Serial No.                                                         No maturity      < 6 months      12 months   ≥ 12 months
             Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
             26      Other assets                                                    13,170          64,852         31,762        79,313    165,066
             27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                    2,960                                                   2,516
             28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                         contracts and contributions to default funds of
                         CCPs                                                                                                        193        164
             29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                     29,609          –
             30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                         variation margin posted                                                                                   6,052      6,052
             31        All other assets not included in the above categories         10,210          64,852         31,762        49,511    156,334
             32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                   5,240,954    207,200
             33       Total RSF                                                                                                            5,239,800
             34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                         131.83%

             30 September 2022
                                                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi except percentage)
                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                    Unweighted amount                       amount
                                                                                                               6 months to
             Serial No.                                                          No maturity      < 6 months    12 months    ≥ 12 months
             Available stable funding (ASF) item
             1       Capital                                                        915,811                –             –        20,000    935,811
             2          Regulatory capital                                          904,111                –             –        20,000    924,111
             3          Other capital instruments                                    11,700                –             –             –     11,700
             4       Retail deposits and deposits from Small business
                        customer                                                  2,083,658          929,901       50,652          6,169   2,799,967
             5          Stable deposits                                             717,290            2,328          560          1,492     685,660
             6          Less stable deposits                                      1,366,368          927,573       50,092          4,677   2,114,307
             7       Wholesale funding                                            2,695,594        2,089,784      204,797        294,768   2,480,625
             8          Operational deposits                                      2,586,666                –            –              –   1,293,333
             9          Other wholesale funding                                     108,928        2,089,784      204,797        294,768   1,187,292
             10      Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                      –                –            –              –           –
             11      Other liabilities                                                1,881          133,303       57,590        178,153     153,577
             12         NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                               53,370
             13         All other liabilities and equity not included in the
                          above categories                                            1,881         133,303         57,590       124,783     153,577
             14      Total ASF                                                                                                             6,369,980
             Required stable funding (RSF) item
             15      Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                           263,625
             16      Deposits held at other financial institutions for
                        operational purposes                                         66,875            7,425           426           358      37,721
             17      Performing loans and securities                                133,231        2,064,861     1,221,079     3,521,960   4,445,654
             18         Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                          Level 1 HQLA                                                    –          29,972              –             –      4,496
             19         Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                          by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing
                          loans to financial institutions                             2,075         616,806       233,095         44,055    253,446
             20         Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                          loans to retail and small business customers, and
                          loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of
                          which:                                                          –        1,231,312      905,290      1,970,877   2,708,159
             21           With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                             under the Basel II standardized approach for
                             credit risk                                                  –         183,747       112,249        176,934    263,005
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                321
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)
       30 September 2022 (continued)
                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                              Unweighted amount                                 amount
                                                                                                           6 months to
       Serial No.                                                         No maturity      < 6 months       12 months      ≥ 12 months
       Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
       22        Performing residential mortgages, of which:                         –         36,764           28,732        1,334,010       1,164,925
       23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%
                      under the Basel II standardized approach for
                      credit risk                                                    –               –                –                –               –
       24        Securities that are not in default and do not qualify
                   as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities               131,156          150,007           53,962          173,018         314,628
       25      Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                     –                –                –                –               –
       26      Other assets                                                   13,381           55,991           21,802           81,815         128,438
       27        Physical traded commodities, including gold                   2,849                                                              2,422
       28        Assets posted as initial margin for derivative
                   contracts and contributions to default funds of
                   CCPs                                                                                                             197              168
       29        NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          53,610              240
       30        NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of
                   variation margin posted                                                                                       10,917          10,917
       31        All other assets not included in the above categories         10,532          55,991           21,802           28,008         114,691
       32      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                        6,059,234         251,667
       33       Total RSF                                                                                                                     5,127,105
       34       Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                   124.24%

       Notes:

       (i)      The Group calculates Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”
                and relevant statistical regulations.

       (ii)     Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time include, but are not limited to, items such as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity
                deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded commodities.

       (iii)    The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction
                of variation margin posted”.
322   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (E) Currency concentrations other than RMB
                                                                                             2022
                                                                           USD           HKD           Other          Total
                                                                                     (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               547,489         41,714          53,176      642,379
             Spot liabilities                                          530,903         16,460          91,232      638,595
             Forward purchased                                         276,555          2,258          56,399      335,212
             Forward written                                           305,169         17,447          18,938      341,554
             Net option position                                        15,700         (1,122)           (695)      13,883
             Net long position                                           3,672          8,943          (1,290)      11,325
             Net structural position                                     9,974         40,691           1,136       51,801

                                                                                             2021
                                                                           USD            HKD            Other        Total
                                                                                      (in millions of RMB)
             Non-structural position
             Spot assets                                               495,257         35,808          59,918      590,983
             Spot liabilities                                          512,533         15,558          83,915      612,006
             Forward purchased                                         491,072          4,528          56,172      551,772
             Forward written                                           492,022         19,146          32,156      543,324
             Net option position                                        13,086            361             417       13,864
             Net long position                                           (5,140)        5,993             436         1,289
             Net structural position                                    19,155         33,220             991       53,366

             The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
             Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
             branches substantially involved in foreign exchange. Structural assets and liabilities include:
             –      Investment properties, property and equipment, net of depreciation charges;
             –      Capital and statutory reserves of overseas branches; and
             –      Investments in overseas subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 323
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(F) International claims
       The Group is principally engaged in business operations within the Chinese mainland, and regards all claims on third
       parties outside the Chinese mainland and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the Chinese mainland
       as international claims.
       International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
       holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.
       International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
       area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
       into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
       is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
       located in another country.
                                                                                             2022
                                                                    Banks
                                                                and other
                                                                 financial      Public sector
                                                              institutions           entities        Other           Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in the
         Chinese mainland                                            89,883             4,419       156,029       250,331
       Asia Pacific excluding the Chinese mainland                   62,407            22,043       162,273       246,723
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                          39,726            19,891       146,107       205,724
       Europe                                                        12,472             1,732        20,479        34,683
       North and South America                                       44,948            81,981        19,809       146,738
       Total                                                       209,710           110,175        358,590       678,475

                                                                                             2021
                                                                       Banks
                                                                   and other
                                                                    financial    Public sector
                                                                 institutions          entities       Other          Total
       Foreign currencies transactions in the
         Chinese mainland                                            62,411             4,288       138,985       205,684
       Asia Pacific excluding the Chinese mainland                   94,844            31,175       168,891       294,910
         – of which attributed to Hong Kong                          74,244            28,801       146,575       249,620
       Europe                                                        10,851             2,098        18,389        31,338
       North and South America                                       67,533            54,437        18,008       139,978
       Total                                                       235,639             91,998       344,273       671,910
324   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector
             Operation in the Chinese mainland
                                                                               2022                     2021
                                                                                  % of gross                   % of gross
                                                                                   loans and                    loans and
                                                                                    advances                     advances
                                                                                  covered by                   covered by
                                                                                collateral or                 collateral or
                                                                        Amount other security    Amount     other security
             Transportation, storage and postal services                461,434           37     412,417                47
             Manufacturing                                              445,218           32     309,635                39
             Property development                                       349,682           48     367,642                52
             Production and supply of electric power, heating
               power, gas and water                                     203,870           38     187,611                47
             Wholesale and retail                                       171,786           32     138,352                36
             Leasing and commercial services                            158,320           14     170,009                26
             Construction                                               103,998           24     117,453                21
             Telecommunications, software and IT services                78,950           48      58,267                44
             Finance                                                     75,593           23      57,988                28
             Water, environment and public utilities management          64,886           30      64,427                41
             Mining                                                      34,421           33      28,854                32
             Others                                                      67,677           30      66,364                23
             Corporate loans and advances subtotal                     2,215,835          35    1,979,019               40
             Discounted bills                                           514,054          100     431,305              100
             Residential mortgage                                      1,379,825         100    1,364,534             100
             Credit cards                                                884,395           –      840,254               –
             Micro-finance loans                                         629,857          79      560,657              81
             Others                                                      213,599           8      173,527              16
             Retail loans and advances subtotal                        3,107,676          61    2,938,972               63
             Gross loans and advances to customers                     5,837,565          54    5,349,296               57
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       325
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
    industry sector (continued)
       Operation outside the Chinese mainland
                                                                       2022                    2021
                                                                           % of gross                 % of gross
                                                                            loans and                  loans and
                                                                             advances                   advances
                                                                           covered by                 covered by
                                                                         collateral or               collateral or
                                                                 Amount other security   Amount    other security
       Finance                                                    36,521           23     37,345               16
       Transportation, storage and postal services                30,814           19     33,186               84
       Property development                                       26,298           37     34,062               51
       Manufacturing                                              20,494           39     23,763               28
       Telecommunications, software and IT services               10,908           30      7,727               25
       Production and supply of electric power, heating
         power, gas and water                                      9,023           33      7,077               18
       Wholesale and retail                                        8,923           28      8,920               26
       Mining                                                      6,074           46      5,651               21
       Leasing and commercial services                             3,430           30      4,749               46
       Construction                                                1,772           99      3,481               69
       Water, environment and public utilities management            110           40        821               60
       Others                                                      5,414           72      5,137               51
       Corporate loans and advances subtotal                     159,781           32    171,919               42
       Discounted bills                                                –             –         –                –
       Residential mortgage                                        9,383          100      9,872             100
       Credit cards                                                  124            –        117               –
       Micro-finance loans                                         1,181          100      1,214              99
       Others                                                     43,425           93     37,616              98
       Retail loans and advances subtotal                         54,113           94     48,819               98
       Gross loans and advances to customers                     213,894           47    220,738               55
326   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed by
          industry sector (continued)
             When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/category accounts for 10% or above of
             the total amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit
             impairment allowances in each expected credit loss stage are disclosed as follows:
                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                        – Stage 2         – Stage 3
                                            Overdue loans    Impaired loans          – Stage 1 (Lifetime ECL – not (Lifetime ECL –
                                             and advances     and advances      (12-month ECL) credit-impaired) credit-impaired)
             Residential mortgage                   7,342               4,904            8,604               2,441              3,821
             Credit card                           31,413              15,650           26,255              19,383             14,665
             Micro-business loan                    4,582               4,031           11,180               1,839              3,640

                                                                                    2021
                                                                                                          – Stage 2           – Stage 3
                                             Overdue loans    Impaired loans         – Stage 1 (Lifetime ECL – not     (Lifetime ECL –
                                             and advances      and advances     (12-month ECL)     credit-impaired)   credit-impaired)
             Residential mortgage                   3,966               3,821           19,333               1,525              2,677
             Credit card                           26,823              13,846           21,585               8,506             12,987
             Micro-business loan                    3,101               3,500           11,285                 728              3,007

             As at 31 December 2022, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
             held against impaired loans and advances is RMB3,206 million (31 December 2021: RMB3,304 million).
China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                327
Annual Report 2022 (H share)



(H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
(i)    By geographical segments
                                                                             2022     2021
       Headquarters                                                         11,980   13,812
       Yangtze River Delta region                                            7,716    3,711
       Bohai Rim region                                                      4,051    3,490
       Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                               4,619    5,052
       Northeast region                                                        967    1,510
       Central region                                                        5,239    4,066
       Western region                                                        3,653    2,295
       Outside the Chinese mainland                                            395      166
       Subsidiaries                                                          2,458      997
       Total                                                                41,078   35,099



(ii)   By overdue period
                                                                             2022     2021
       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been overdue with
         respect to either principal or interest for periods of:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                               15,379    8,629
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                              11,290    7,710
         – over 12 months                                                   14,409   18,760
       Total                                                                41,078   35,099
       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances:
         – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                               0.25%    0.15%
         – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                              0.19%    0.14%
         – over 12 months                                                   0.24%    0.33%
       Total                                                                0.68%    0.62%
328   China Merchants Bank         Chapter VIII Financial Statements
      Annual Report 2022 (H share)



      (H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90 days
            (continued)

      (iii) Collateral information
                                                                                                                               2022                         2021
             Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                   16,404                      13,345
             Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                                                 24,674                      21,754
             Fair value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                                                42,302                      29,922

             The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions for more than 90 days as at 31
             December 2022 was RMB1 million (2021: RMB1 million).
             Note:   The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

                     Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

                     For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
                     classified as overdue.

                     Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
                     repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
                     limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

                     The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
                     of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
                     realisation experience as well as market situation. Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to
                     the gross advance had been included in the “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.




      (I)    Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                  2022                                        2021
                                                                                                          % of total                                  % of total
                                                                                                          loans and                                   loans and
                                                                                        Amount             advances                Amount              advances
             Renegotiated loans and advances to customers (Note)                          12,076                0.20%                16,517               0.30%
             Less:
               – Renegotiated loans and advances overdue
                   more than 90 days                                                        5,207               0.09%                10,406               0.19%
               – Renegotiated loans and advances overdue
                   less than 90 days                                                        6,869               0.11%                 6,111               0.11%

             Note:   Represents the restructured non-performing loans.

             The amount of the Group’s renegotiated loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2022 was
             nil (2021: RMB1 million).



      (J) Non-bank the Chinese mainland exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Chinese mainland with its banking business primarily conducted
             in the Chinese mainland. As of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
             businesses with the Chinese mainland non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
             counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
                         We are here    Just for you




                          http: //www.cmbchina.com
Add: China Merchants Bank Tower, No. 7088, Shennan Boulevard, Shenzhen, China
                           Tel: + 86 755 8319 8888
                           Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
                              Postcode: 518040
